JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From January the 24th 1737,

In the Eleventh Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Second,

TO

April the 25th 1741,

In the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Second.

Re-printed by Order of the House of Commons.

1803.

By the KING.

A PROCLAMATION.

GEORGE R.

---

WHEREAS Our Parliament stands prorogued to Thursday the Eighth Day of this Instant December: We, with the Advice of our Privy Council, do hereby publish and declare. That the said Parliament shall be further prorogued on the said Eighth Day of December, to Tuefdaythe Twenty-fourth Day of January next ensuing: And We have given Order to our Chancellor of Great Britain, to prepare a Commission for proroguing the same accordingly: And We do here-

by further declare our Royal Will and Pleasure, That the said Parliament shall , on the said Twenty-fourth Day of January next, be held, and fit, for the Dispatch of divers weighty and important Affairs: And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, of the House of Commons, are hereby required to give their Attendance accordingly, at on the said Twenty-fourth Day of January next.

Given at our Court at St. James's, the Sixth Day of December, in the Eleventh year of our Reign.

GOD save the King.

Meflfcge to Attend

the King.

Members take Oaths.

Clandestine

Outlawry.

The King’s Speech reported.

Address on the King’s Speech.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Self. 1737 — 8.

Mart is, 24" die Januarii;

Anno x x* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1737.

MESSAGE from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, Gentleman Uiherof the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Several Members, returned upon new Writs, took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the Laws made for those Purposes.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers; where his Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech, from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy: Which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I HAVE called you together for the necessary Dif* patch of the publick Business, which I hope will be carried on with that Prudence and Expedition, which becomes the Wifdoin of Parliament.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have ordered the Estimates for the Service of the current Year to be laid before you; and the Readiness which I have always found inyou, to make the necessary Provisions for the Honour, Peace, and Security of my Crown and Kingdoms, leaves me no room to doubt of the same Zeal, Affection, and due Regard, for the Support of my Government, and the publick Safety.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I hope you are met together in a Disposition to lay aside ail Heats and Animosities, which may unnecessarily p rot raft this Session. I am determined, that the Affairs of the Publick shall fufler no Delay or Interruption from me upon any account whatsoever.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House, for his most gracious Speech from the Throne; to con* dole with his Majesty, on his and the Nation’s irrepara? ble Loss,by the Death of her most excellent Majesty the Queen; and to assure his Majesty, that this House does always take part in every thingthat nearly concerns and aftefts him; and will, as far as in them lies, with the gre&teft Gratitude, endeavour to soften every Care that Vox.. 2 3.

may approach him; to assure his Majesty, that we will carefully avoid all Heats and Animosities; that we will readily and effectually raise the Supplies necessary for the current Service of the Year; and, as we are truly sensible of the Regard his Majesty has always shewn to the Liberties and Privileges of his Subjects, that we will, as becomes the Reprefeniatives of a grateful People, lose no Ocoafion of testifying our Affection and Zeal for the Support of his Government, and the Preservation of our excellent Constitution; and further to beseech his Majesty, to be careful of his sacred and inestimable Life, on which the Happiness of his Family, and his People, so immediately depends.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said Resolution.

And it is referred to Mr. Fox, Mr. Selxvyn junior, Mr. Winning toti, Mr. Pelham, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Longueville, Master of the Rolls, Mr. Henry Fox, Lord Suiidon, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Herbert, Mr.

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Dodington, Colonel , Lord

Gage, Lord Wallingford, Mr. , Mr. Hay, Sic

Robert Rich, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Archer, Sir John Norris, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Sir Roger -goyne, Mr. Tracy, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Lord Boyne, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Earle, Sir James Gratit, Lord John SactroilleAnd they, or any

Five of them, are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr, Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for eleftingaCom Baron, to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Wiin the County of Sussex, in the room of Robert Brifiozo, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crow*1* to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess* to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stafford in the County of Stafford, in the room of Thomas Foley, senior, Esquire, dqceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Newark upon ,in the County of Nottingham, in the room of Lieutenant General Richard Sutton, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Midhurjt, in the County of Suffer, in the room of Sir Henry Peachey, Knight and Baronet, deceased.

Winchtlfca

Writ.

Stafford

Writ;

Newark upon Trent Writ.

Mulhorfl

Writ,

4

24° — 25" Januarii. A. 1737-

LawesWrit. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a newWrish^br electing a-Bnrgefs, to serve in this present Parliapieittjfor the Borough.of Lexces, in the County of Suffer, in the room of Thomas Pelhamof Esquire, deceased.

Bfverley Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ- thederk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ foe-electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Beverleyin the County of York, incite room.of'Sir Charles Hot ham, Baronet, ejeceased. v ’

Leicester Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wnt. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ -for

electing a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Leicester, in the room of Ambrose Phillips, Esquire, deceased.

Rippon Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wr'1, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electinga Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Rippon, in the County of York, in the room of William Aijlabie, Esquire; who.since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of oue of the Auditors of the Imprefts.

Cockermonth Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to nt‘ the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cockermonth, in the County of Cumberland, in the room of Sir Wilfrid Baronet, de-

ceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 25° die *Januarii;

Anno 11* Georgii II" Regis, 1737.

Pn A VERS.

CoiunTittees. QRDE RE D'That the Gran<1 Committee for Religion

do fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Tharfday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit ' every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Committee Ordered, That aCommitteeof Privileges and Elections iivi tge». appOU,(ed, of Mr. Earle, Mr. Dodington, Lord

tvnrth, Mr. Lindefay, Mr. Fox, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Wintiingfon, Sir Wm. Jollijf, Mr. Watts, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr Wardour, Mr. Vere, Mr. Ashe, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr Bladen, Sir C Mr. Gybhon, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Urquhart, Mr. Hay, Colonel Duckett, Colonel Steioart, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Mr.

Monson, Mr. Brereton, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Poulett, Mr. Bradshaw, Mr. Fane, Colonel Onslow, Colonel St. Clair, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Harris, Mr. Crowle, Mr.

Earle, Mr. Oioen, Mr. Kinaflon, Mr. More, Sir Jof, Pennington,§\r Robert Munro, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Fitz Roy, Mr. Pigott, Mr. St.John, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr. Henry box, Mr. Purflons, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Rowland Alflon, Mr. Alderman ParJ'ons, Mr. Thomas Gore, Brigadier Annruther, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Harley, Mr. Foley, S1 r Wm. Codrington, Mr. Medleycott, Mr. Dennis, Mr. Abercromby, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Berkeley, Sir John RuJhout, Mr. Sandys, Lord Advocate of Scotland,

Mr. George For, Sir Robert Long, Sir Wm, , Mr.

Clayton, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Howe, Mr. Jewkes, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Boone, Mr. Crewe, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. 16.

t -

Ongleij, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Compton, Mr. Walpole,

M r. Watkin Wms. Wynn, Sir James Grant, Mr. Crosse,

Mr: Afliby, Lord Sundon, Mr. Ilungcrford, Mr. Pelham,

Captain Purvis, Mr . Carmichaell, Mr.

Turner, Dr. Cotes, Mr. Hylton, Mr. Pollen, Mr.

Ion, Dr. Butler, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Levinz, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Mr. Dawkins:And they are to meet

upon' FridaySevennight, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to fit every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, in the Afternoon: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come inquestion touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns in the First place: and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House, from time to time: And all Personslhat will question any Returns,are todo it within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Election by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will’serve, provided there be no Question 09011 the Return for that Place: And ifany thing shall couie inquestion touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw during the time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members returned upon double Returns do withdraw, till their Returns are determined.

Refulved, Tha.t no Peer of this Realm hath any Right UfualOrdei* to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Petition touching Elections to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That if it shall appear. That any Person hath procured himself to be elected, or returned, a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this Iloule will proceed with the utmotl Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That if it shall appear. That any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Mifde-meatior; and this House will proceed with the utmotl'

Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, That any Person hath given false Evidence in any Cafe, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That itisan high Infringement of the Liber-' ties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers that he shall fee, or he informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting: And that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning, at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked

11 GeO. II. 25* JanuariL

up by bim; and that lie do not prefiime to deliver the Ordered, That the Sergeant at Arms attending this same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House do, from time to time, when the House is going House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees: And House do take care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after every Day, before the Door is locked up. such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, be* to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or i°g fil'd perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint Gallery thereof, while the House is,fitting. the Printing thereof: And that no Person, but such as

he shall appoint, do prel’ume to print the fame.

Ordered, That the Constables and other Officers of Middlefcx and Westminster do take care, That, from Resolved, That this Ilonfe will receive no Petition for PrivateBilh.

Eleven of the Clock in the Morning to One in the After- private Bills, after the Fir A Day of March next, noon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Resolved, That, in all Cases of controverted Elections controv(,rte*

Streets between Temple-bar and Westminster-hall shall be for Counties in England and to be heard at the Elections.

kept free and open, and that no Ohltruftion be marie by Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges

Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage and Elections, the Petitioners do, by themselves, or by

of the Members to and from this House: And that the their Agents, within a convenient time to be appointed,

Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice either by the House, or the Committee of Privileges and

of this Order to the Officers aforesaid. Elections, as the Matter to be heard shall be before the

House, or the said Committee,deliver to the SittingMem*

Ordered, That the Constables in waiting do lake care, hers, or their Agents, Lifts of the Persons intended by That there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Wef- the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sit-minster-hall,or the Passages leadingto the House,during ting Members; givingin the said Lifts the several Heads the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoy- of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the ance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or Names of the Voters excepted to: And that the Sitting-thereabouts. Members do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within

the same time, deliver the like Lifts on their Part to the Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Petitioners or their Agents.

Bailiff of Westminster, and that he do fee the same put

in Execution. Ordered, That the Reverend Dr. Wilcox, Master of Dr. Wilcox

Clare-hall in the University of Cambridge, bedefired to .^j100 Ordered, That no Footmen be permitted to be within preach before this House at Saint Margaret’s, 3°v 1 an‘

the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading Jler, upon Monday the 30th Day of this instaiit January: thereto. ' And that Mr. Townshend, Mr. Williams, ami

Mr. junior, do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take eare, That there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall prefiime to disobey the Orders of the House: And that

Joseph Windham Ashe, Esquire, a Member of the House, acquainted the House, That he does not intend to renew his Petition, prefeuted to the House in the last St-lfion of Parliament, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, for the Borough of Orford, in the County of Suffolk? And the House being informed. That Brigadier Ge-

...~ - neral John Cope, who was a Petitioner1 with the said Jo- ‘

no such Footman be discharged out of Custody, but by firtdham Ashe, Esquire in the said Petition, presented

OfTonl

LUcEoo.-

the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That to prevent the intercepting or losing of Letters, directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Postmaster General, do for the future every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, const.nntly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours

to the House in the last Session of Parliament, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, for the said Borough, does not intend to renew his Petition:

And itappearing to the House, That no other Petition, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, for the said Borough, was presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Orford Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for eli ding a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament

at the least immediately alter the Riling of the House; ^)r Borough in the County of Suffolk, in

the room of Lewis Barlow, Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Fox reported from the Committee appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be presented to his Majesty, That the Committee had drawn tip an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows:

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament afiem-

bled, beg I.eave to return our most humble and grateful Thanks, for your Majesty’s most gracious Speech from the Throne.

To speak our utmost Srnfeof the great Loss your Majesty and these Kingdoms have lately fullained, would be to revive and aggravate what we with to alleviate and with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated dispel; but we hope your Majesty will pardon the Intru* to this House. fion of our sincere Condolence, when you reflect on the

Vol. 23. C double

and also on every Friday, Monday, and Wednesday, from Five oflheClock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take care during his Stay there to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servauts,or others,bringingNotes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered: And that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Post-master General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Pacquet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame, and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting,

Address on the King't Speech*

2 5* — 26°

A. 1757.

double Duty by which we are bound, as affectionate Subjects to your Majesty, and as Representatives of the People of Great Britain; not to pass over in Silence this Ohject of your Distress, and their universal Mourning.

When we refleCi on the amiable private Character of that great Princess, on her personal and domeflick Merit, as an indulgent and instructive Parent, a mild and gracious Mistress, or, with regard to your Majesty, as uniting in one all the different Characters of the moll pleasing, as well as constant, Companion; the most able, as well as the moil faithful. Friend; the most tender, as well the moll observant. Wife; when we reflect on these Circumstances, we mourn her Loss, as the greatest with which your Majesty, and your royal House, could have been afflicted; but when we turn our Thoughts to her great and publick Virtues, her Love of Justice, her Attachment to the Laws and Principles of this wife and happy Constitution, her extensive Charities, her boundless Benevolence, her Succour to Distress, her Favour to Merit, her Lenity to all; when we consider these Parts of her high Character, it is no longer for particular and personal Causes that we grieve, it is a national Loss we lament.

If adueSubmission to superior Authority, and a due Exercise of Power, when committed to her Hands, are the strongest Marks of Excellence in both Parts of Government: and if these justly claim Praise and Admiration, how can we fufliciently praise or admire her Conduct, either in the Presence or Absence of your Majesty ? In the first, we saw the most constant Compliance with your Will; in the last, the true Representation of him, with whose delegated Authority the was veiled; for all her Acts were great, and wife, and good; alternately we beheld her Submission in this Character, and felt her Mildness in the other; and, great as the Distance may seem from Command to Subjection, the Transltion to her was easy; whose Abilities were equal to any Situation, and whole Temper could conform to all; as resigned to the Duties of a Queen Con fort, as capable of the high Office of Guardian of the Realm; as ready to submit, as able to command, and equally an Example to all Sovereigns when ilie ruled, and to all Subjects when fheobeyed.

And though your Majesty’s just and great Concern on this Occasion, would, perhaps, receive no Extenuation from the Comfort your faithful Commons might vainly try to administer, yet, that nothing may be wanting on our Parts, which may contribute to the making your Majesty’s. Government, the Source of our Prof-perity, as easy to yourself, as it has ever been to your Subjects, we do assure your Majesty, that we will not only carefuly avoid all Heats and Animoftties, but will, with the greatest Readiness, effectually raise the Supplies necessary for the Service of the current Year; and, with a Zeal and Affection becoming the Representatives of a grateful People, make all necessary Provisions for the Honour, Peace, and Security, of your Crown and Kingdoms; demonstrating to all the World, that the Support of your Majesty’s Government, and the publick Safety, are constantly our Care; and that we desire nothing more than the Preservation of our wife and excellent Constitution, in the same happy, firm, and envied Situation, in which it was delivered down to us from our Ancestors, and your Majesty’s great Predecessors.

But whiift, hv these means, we endeavour to prevent any additional Disquiet from approaching your Royal Person, we mult beg Leave to lay again before your Majesty the anxious Grief of your whole People, together With their humble and most earned Willies, that your Majesty's known Resolutionmay aid Time in alleviating your Sorrow for that Loss which nothing can repair, and in restoring to your Majesty that Tranquillity of Mind, which can alone free us from the most felicitous FearsforaLife,on which the Happinefsof your royal Family, and of thisaftlicted Nat ion, so immediately depends.

The said Address being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Address on

the Birth of a Priucef*.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty’s Pleal’ure, when he will be attended by this House.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to congratulate his Majesty on the Increase of the Royal Family, by the Princess of Wales being happily delivered of a Princess; and to expressour great Joy and Comfort in this great Blessing, which will strengthen the Protestant Interest in these Kingdoms.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That a congratulatory Mefliige to Message be sent to their Royal Highnesses the Prince and Prin^r* and Princess of Wales, on this happy Occasion. cf Wai-a,

Ordered, That the Lord Sidney the Lord

Harry Powlett, the Lord Morpeth, Mr. Talbot, Mr.

Hanbury Williams, the Lord Policand the Lord Baltimore, do attend their Royal Highnesses with the said Message.

Resolved, That thisHouse will. Tomorrow Morn in?, The King's take into Consideration his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to b« Speech to both Houses of Parliament. couhdtrcd.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 26 0 dieJanuorii;

Anno 11* Georgii II. Regis, 1737.

Prater tS

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, That his Time ap- Majesty, having been waited upon, pursuant to panted foi the Order of Yesterday, humbly to know when he Address on would be pleased to be attended by this House, had th- King’* been pleased to appoint this Afternoon, at Two of the Speech. Clock, at his Palace of St, James.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, whose Trent Bridge Names are thereunto subscribed, living in or near, and nesr,*VoU travelling through, the Road leading from Trent , p"^|‘in>

near the Town of Nottingham, through Cojlock, otherwise Cortlingfiock Lane, to Cotes Bridge, adjoining to the Town of Cotes, in the County of Leice/er; and also,

A Petition of several Stage Coachmen, Waggoners, Ditt*. and Carriers, usually travelling through the Road lying between Trent Bridge, near the Town of Nottingham, leading through Co/tock, otherwise Cortlingfiock Lane, to Cotes Bridge adjoining to the Town of Cotes, in the County of Leicester;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Road, by reason of the many heavy Carriages frequently passing through the fame, is become very deep; and, in many Parts thereof, in the Winter Season, dangerous to Passengers; and that the Inhabitants of the several Pa- , riflies through which the said Road leads, cannot, by the common Method, appointed by the Laws now in being for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, effectually amend the said Road: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road aforesaid, in such manner, and by such means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that, they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Plump Ire, Mr. Gregory, Mr.

Earle, Mr. Longueville, Sir Robert Clifton, Mr. IP bite,

Mr,

J

4

16° — 27*- — *8* Janiiarti.

The

Speech

coalidend.

Supply*

Mr. Hungerford.Lord Charles Ix>rd James

Cavendish, Mr. Archer, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Butler, Mr. Lawson, Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Brerc- > ton, Sir Robert Sutton, Sir Jo/. Pennington, Mr.

Mr. Howe, Mr. Price, Mr. Captain

Mr. Boone', Mr. Bevan, Mr. Turner, Mr.

Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr. Mr. Mr*

Drummond, Mr. Shuttleicorth, Sir Roger Sir Wm. Heathcote, Mr. Liddell, Mr. Danvers, Mn Raiolinfon Earle, Mr. Crosse, Sir George Wynne, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Ij>ckyer, Mr. Mr. Stuart, Sir

Robert. Munro; and all the Members who serve for the

Counties of Nottingham, Leicejer, Derby, and York:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, that a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this Ilonfe will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vemrisy 270 die Januarii;

Anno iiQ Georgii IP1 Regis, 1737.

And theil the House adjourned till To^mofrov#

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Anftw to Atldrefe.

Supply.

Pr A

YERS

MRh,

Speaker reported. That , the House attended his Majesty Yesterday with their Address, to which his Majesty was pJeased to give this most gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I return you my Thanks for this dutiful and very affettionate Address; I am so sensibly touched by this convincing Proof of your particular Regard to me, that

Sab bat i, 2 8° die 'Januarii;

Anno ii* Georgii II41 Regisj 1737.

PraVers.

THE Lord Sidney Beattclerk reported to the House, fcrjncrf and That their Royal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Wales had been attended, with the congratulatory Answer to Metfage of this House, upon her Royal Highnefe’s being Mefikge; happily delivered of a Princess; and that his Royal Highness was pleased to return the following Answer:

I return the House of Commons my Thanks, and those of the Princess, for the Share they take ip this Increase of the King’s Family.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported Supply: from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same fame was read, and is as follows; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth

agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the year 1738, with the Half-pay of the Officers of the Navy and Marines, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces, for the Year 1738, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the J am not able, in this Distress, to command my self fuf- Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1738, ficiently to express the just Sense I have of your Affec- be laid before this House.

Navy and Army Estimate^ &c.

Answer to Add ref* on the Birth of m Priucefe.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers, who are to be in Half-pay, for the Year 1738, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate be laid before this House,

tion, and Concern for me, upon this Occasion.

Mr* Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Wednesday last, congratulating his Majesty on the Increase of the Royal Family, by the Princess of of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelfeq HospitaC Wales being happily delivered of a Princess, and ex- for the Year 1738.

prefiing their great Joy and Comfort in this great Ordered, That a State of the Debt of his Majesty’s Blessing, which will strengthen the Protestant Interest Navy, as it flood at Christmas lull, be laid before this in these Kingdoms, had been presented to his Majesty; House.

and that his Majesty received the same very graciously; Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, and returns his Thanks to the House for their Address, shewing the Monies arisen within thp respective Half and their kind Exprelfions of Duty and Affection to Years, ending at Lady Day and Michqelmqs lait past, as

him, upon this Occasion.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made upon Wednesday last. That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

well of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the South Sea Fund; as also of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the General Fund.

... _ , - - . Ordered, That an Account be laid before this

Ordered, That his Majesty's most gracious Speech to House, shewing how the Money given for the Service

both Houses of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reports from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed

of the Year 1737, bath been disposed of, distmgaished under the several Heads.

Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred,-and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House*

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented for his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers* to lay before this

him to report, when the House will please to receive the House the said Estimaies, Lift, State, and Accounts.

fame. Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his

Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of his Morning. Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council*

\ ot. as. A Petition

8 28° — ?1 ° Januariu A- 1737.

Abcrbrortwck A Petition of the Provost, Bailies, and Town Council, Harbour, Lc. Gf t|ie Burgh Gf Aberbrotho; and also, Ditto. A Petition of the Heritors, in the Neighbourhood of the Burgh of Aberbrothock, and other Heritors in that County, whose Subscriptions and Defoliations are thereto Subjoined;

Were Severally presented to the House, and read; Setting fbrth. That the Situation of the Town of Aberbrothock is such, that a commodious Harbour there mult not only tend to the Advantage of Trade within the Burgh, but be of great Use to Navigation in general, upon the Northern Coast of Scotland: That the old Harbour there, becoming so decayed, that it was hazardous, even for Small Barks, to enter the fame. In 1715 the Petitioners, the Provost, Bailies, arid Town Council, of the said Burgh of

thock, laid the Foundation of a new Harbour, and the Work was carried on for some Years, upon the foie Expence of the Burgh and Inhabitants thereof; whereby they contracted large Debts, and became unable to carry on the Work; which obliged them to apply lor charitable Contributions, for advancing an undertaking so necessary for the Subsistence of the Burgh, and useful to the Trade of other Places:

' That the Money, arising from such Contributions, has been, with the utmost Frugality, laid out in early ing on the Work; and, nevertheless, the Harbour is not yet near perfected, and the Burgh is brought under such Debts, as not only render them uncapa-bleoffinishing this Undertaking, so successfully hitherto carried on, but unable to discharge the Debts already contracted on that Account: That the Town-house and common Prison are old and decayed, and the Streets and Causeways are in so bad Repair, as render them very incommodious, both to the Inhabitants and to Travellers: And therefore, in order to enable the Petitioners, the Provost, Bailies, and Town Council of the Burgh of , to per-

sect the necessary Work, already so far carried on, to repair their Streets, and to pay off the Debts contracted for the publick Service of the Town, and to support their other necessary Expences, which will be further increased, from the Necessity of rebuilding the Town-house and public Prison, praying, That a Duty of Two Penies, Scots, may be granted upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, that shall be for Sale brewed, brought in, vended, tapped, or fold, within the said Town, and Liber-

ties thereof, payable by the Brewers, Venders,

Sellers, and Tapsters, of the said Ale and Beer, during such Term of Years, and subject to such Regulations, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Contideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it thall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Brigadier Sir

Cask 'all, Mr. Sehvyn, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Mr.

Lindefay, Lord Harry Powlelt, Mr. junior, Mr.

Crqffe, Mr. Harris, Mr. I ere, Mr. Bnlle, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Lawton, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. C;ry, Mr. Hay,

Mr. Thompson, Sir Jo/. Pennington, Sir IVm. Clayton,

Mr. Kent, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Drummond,

Sir Charles Mordaunt; and all the Members who serve for North Britain :And they aretp meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 31° die yanuarii;

Anno 11° Georgii IF1 Regis, 1737.

Praters.

IL Comptroller reported to the House, That fC ir Answer to

Addiefs of Saturday lad, that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to iay before this House the several Estimates,

Lift, State, and Accounts, therein mentioned, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay the same before this House.

Sir Charles lVager, from the Commissioners for exe- Estimate of cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Bri- Navy D*l>». tain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, the ordinary Estimate of his Majesty'*

Navy, for the Year 1738. And also,

An Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, a* it flood on the 31st of December, 1737.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1738, is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And the Abflraci thereof is as follows; viz.

ABSTRACT of the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1738.

3-

4-

6.

Yards


r

1. To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, Sac. Conunifiioners of the Navy, with the Secre-

taries, Officers, Clerks, £Tf..Instruments and Contingencies relating thereto Superannuated Sea Officers -

Pensions, and other Allowances, -

Chatham ——

Deptford -

Woolwich -

7. ] Port/mouth -

8. Sheer ness ——

9. Plymouth -

10. Muster-tnafters, and other Officers of the Out-ports - -

11. Wages to Ships and Vessels in ordinary -

12. Victuals to the Officers and Men serving therein -

13. Charge of the Harbour Moorings -

14. Ordinary Repairs of his Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, Buildings, fife. -

15. Ordinary Charge of sick and hurt Seamen -

16. Half pay to Sea Officers -

Total of the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1738,

To which may be added,

Fordefraying the Expence of maintaining.intheRoyalHospital of Greenwich, an additional Number of d 1 fab led Seamen, taken, and to be taken, into it; who are worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country; there being nowOne thousand poor Seamen maintained in the said Hospital; as also for a suficient Number of Nurses, being the Widow s of Officers and poor Seamen, and for carrying on the Buildi nSs> and other Incidents, of the said Hospital, for the Year 1738, Ten thousand Pounds - J

£- s‘ d. aS,o62 14 1

9,288 13 1

i7»733 >6 8

3>378 5 6 33.6.53 3

14>694 5 10

21,481 — —

63.457 -

36 5 —

30,000 — —

222,885 12 5

10,000 -

232,885 12 5

And

V-

ii Geo. II. 31 Januarii. 9

And then the Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1738, amounts to Two hundre Thirty-two thousand Eight hundred and Eighty-five Pounds Twelve Shillings and Five Pence.

Richard Haddock, Ja. Ackivor, Thomas Purvis, Fawler.

The ESTIMATE of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on the 31 fl December 1737, isas follows; viz.

Navy Office, 7 Ah ESTIMATE of the Debt of his Majesty s Navy, on the Heads hereafter-30th January 1737. J mentioned, as it flood on the 31st December 1737.

HEADS of the NAVAL ESTIMATES.

Wear and Tear; Ordinary and Extraordinary Repairs:

Due, to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Sic. supplied for the Service thereof To pay off and discharge Bills registered on the said Course, for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliament on Naval Stores: The whole Sum registered in the Year 1737, amounted to £.17,612, whereof remains unpaid -

For Freight of Tenders; and for Stores delivered into his Majesty’s several Yards, 8ft*. for which no Bills were made out on the afrefaicl 31st of December 1737 -

To his Majesty’s Yards and Rope-yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary thereof -

For Half-pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his late Majesty in Council on that behalf -

Seamen’s Wages:

Due, to pay the Men, Sic. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off To Ships in Sea Pay on theabovesaid 31st December 1737 To discharge and pay off all the Bills, entered in Course for Pilotage, Surgeons Necessaries, Bounties to Widows and Orphans of Men flainat Sea, Sic. on the Head of Seamen’s Wages

VictualingDebt,as/>erEstimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for short Allowance to’the Companies of his Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off -

For paying off all the Bills, entered on their Course For necessary Money, extra-necessary Money, and Contingencies -

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports -

Sick and Hurt: The Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners;

Due for the Quarters and Cure of sick and hurt S amen sent ashore from his Majesty’s Fleet; and Contingencies relating to the said Service -

The Total amounts to the Sum of Six hundred Sixteen thousand and Forty-three Pounds Twelve Shillings and Three Pence -

From whence, deducting the Money in the Trea-A f

surer’s Hands, - - - -fAs on the)

Andalfo the Money that remained to come in otYotherSide j the Supplies of the Year - - - (.

The Net Debt will then be Fivp hundred and Seven thousand Five hundred Fifty-four Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Three Pence Halfpenny -

Particulars.

TOTAL.

£. s. d

73*59°-----

8*5 71

23.995 -

194,78° -

17,251 12 2

21,998 it 8 202,498 — —

4.581-----

15*665 13 —

40,202 17 2

326 13 2

9,357 12 11

£. s. d.

) 318,187 12

229,077 11 8

65,552 16 3

3,225 12 2

616,043 11 3

108,488 12 ii£

507,554 19 3$

Richaj-d Haddock, Ja. Acktoorlh, Thomas G. Purvis, J. Faioler,

Ro. By tig, Piire Beauclerk.

Vol. 13.

D

Memorandum:

*PSJ*P’G

o

M«mru:,du,n: THERE ljtca"<l ‘, KliM Tra,(Ws or,'« ^arjrV Hands, on «o3,« Dtcemk.r

to'valv,s futisfying aforesaid Debt of the Navy y’ 38 Under‘

Mentioned; and may be

In what TREASURERS Ha;i

In M 0 N E V.

Tru flees for Mr. Hampden's FAute Money

Right honourable Putee Lord ATjTcount

'J'curingI on

1* Money

D-'eWstl,eD, M for Sict and Ilnrt Seamen

iuglit honourabte j#r//wr Esquire . f In Money

D- towards ll,e Debt for Side and Hurt Seamen

A: A’. l iter? remained, on the j.fl

to eome in, of (he Supplies of the y,

ii Geo. IL

31'Januarii.

ii

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Greenwich Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Hospital. House. a State of the yearly Revenue and Expence of Greenwich Hospital.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account, {hewing, how the Money, granted Jail Session of Parliament, for Hospital, has

been disposed of.

Ordered, That the Treasurer of Grcemvich Hospital do lay before this House, an Account of what Money has been received by him on Account of the said Hospital, from Christmas 1736, to Christmas 1737; and how the same has been applied.

Account of Money received for Navy Ser-vic s.

Account of Stamen.

Ordered, That the Treasurer of the Navy do lay before this House, an Account of what Money has been ordered by the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, and received by him, for any Services of the Navy, from the 31st of December 1736, to the 31st of Decern- Ports of England, from Michaelmas 1736, to Michael her 1737; distinguhhing the Times when the same was mas 1737 received, and the Services to which it was applied.

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods iit the Warehouses at Leaden-hall, with what hath been brought in, delivered out for Exportation, and what remains in the said Warehouses, between the 29th Day of September 1736, and 2gth Day of September 1737: And also,

Art Account of what prohibited East India Goods remained in his Majesty's Warehouse in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1736 *, as also, what brought in iince, what exported, and what remained at Michaelmas 1737: Anri a >

An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in the respective Warehouses in the Out Ports of England, at Michaelmas 1736, with what has bee brought in since that time, what exported; as also, what remained at Michaelmas 1737: And also,

An Account of naval Stores imported from Raffia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1736,10 Michaelmas 1737: And also,

An Account of naval Stores imported into the Out

Accounts of Land lax and House Duties Arrears.

Account* of Last India prohibited Uoods, See.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st of December 1736, to the 31st of December 1737, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what niuliered, in the said Service.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of what Arrears of Land-taxes were Handing out, at Christmas last; with the Names of the respective Receivers, in whose Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year; and what Proceedings lmve been bad, to compel the Payment thereof.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of what Arrears or Duties upon Houses were standing out at Christmas last; with the Names of the respective Receivers, in whose Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year, and what Proceedings have been had, to compel the Payment thereof.

The House being informed, that some of the Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Door,

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament;

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods in the Warehouses at Si. Helens, with what hath been brought in, delivered out for Exportation, and what re-mains in the said Warehouses, between the 29th Day of September 1736, and the 29th Day of September 1737: And also.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to D.Wilcox! (he Reverend Dr. IVilcox, Master of in the thanked.

University of Cambridge, for the Sermon by him preached before this House Yesterday, at Margaret's,

Westminster; and that he be desired to print the fame:

And that Air. Selwyn,junior, Sir Sir

John HijndeCotton, and Mr. H Williams, do

acquaint him therewith.

Air. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Ala jef-ty’s hand Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1738:

And also,

Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1728: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Out Penftoners of ChelJ'ea Hospital, for the Year 1738: And also,

An Account of Services incurred Anno 1737, and not provided for by Parliament.

And the Titles of the said Estimates, and Account, were read.

The said Estimates, and Account, are as follow;

Army

Estimates.

ES TI Af AT E of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain,

for the Year 1738.

Pay of the Troops,

NUMBERS. and Regiments, TOTAL.

for 365 Days.

£. s. d. £. s. d.

"First Troop of Guards - 181 - - - 16,546 13 4

Second Ditto - t8i - - 16,546 13 4

Third Ditto - - - 181 - 16,546 13 4

Fourth Ditto - - - 181 - - - 16,546 i > 4

First Troop of Grenadier Guards - 176 - - - *o.743 3 4

xlorle - - - 1 Second Ditto ... - - *77 - - - 10,870 18 4

Royal Regiment of Guards - 337 - - - 26,876 3 4

' Lord Pembroke's Regiment - - 3*9 - - - 26,054 18 4

Lieutenant General Arab’s - 214 - - - 17,696 8 4

Lieutenant General Wade's - 214 - 17,696 8 4

1 — 2,l6l 176,124 13 4

Vol. 23.

Dragoon*

12

31° Januarii.

Dragoons -

Foot

Invalids -

'Royal Regiment Brigadier Campbell's Lieutenant General Lord Cadogan’s

Major General Kerr's Sir Robert Rich's Major General Churchill's Lord Mark Kerr's -

w

First Regiment of Guards -

Second Ditto -Third Ditto -

Brigadier Howard's Regiment Major General Burrell's -Brigadier Montagu's Lieutenant General s

Brigadier Middleton's Brigadier Harrison's Brigadier llandafyd's

Lieutenant General Sabine's

f Major General Fielding's Reg* £25 Independent Companies

NUMBERS.

369

36'9

369

3fi9

3(>9

369

369

369

2,005

1.288

1.288 7°5 7°5 7°5 7°5 7°5 7°5 7°5 7°5

5i5

i,3°°

CcHnpanieT1 Independent Companies in North Britain

c, ,v r Stall Officers -

) Garrisons, with Fire and Candle -fc C Contingencies, upon Account

Whitehall, 31 jl Janua 1737-8.

*,9.72

10,211

1,815

555

«7>7°4

1737.

Pay of the Troop* and Regiments, for 365 Days.

TOTAL.

£ s. d.

*7.4*3 IO IO

*7*413 IO 10

*7*4*3 10 10

*7*4*3 10 10

*7*4*3 10 10

*7*4*3 10 10

*7,4*3 IO TO

*7,4*3 10 IO

51 .5 >4 2

33,208 18 4

33G63 13 4

13.879 2 6

*3,*79 2 6

*3,879 2 6

1',879 2 6

13,879 2 6

*3,8/9 2 6

*3,879 2 6

13,879 2 6

9,906 *4 2

2 2,584 V / 6

10 880 *9 2

35.97* 7 u

15,000

TOTAL -

WiU. Yonge.

- L

s.

d.

139,308 6 8

228,657 5 10

31.49* 9*,l5 *7

8

6

61,852 6 3J

fi17»o40 11 31

ES T1M A T E of the Charge of H is Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, , and,

for the Year 1738.

In the PLANTATIONS. Brigadier Murray's Regiment -Brigadier Phillips's Colonel Oglethorpe's

Four Independent Companies at New York One Company at Bermudas Eight Companies at Jamaica -One Company in the Island of Providence -

Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Canso, and Placentia

In MINORCA.

Brigadier Hargrave's Regiment -Brigadier Armstrong's Major General Tyrrell's -

Major General Moyle's -

Officers of the Garrison, ftc.

In GIB RALTA R.

Major General Kirk's Regiment -Lord Tyrawley's Major General Columbine’s Major General Clayton's

Brigadier Anjlruther's

Colonel Read's Officers of the Garrison, &c.

NUMBERS.

395

394

684

445

57

912

150

615

615

615

615

615

615

615

6*5

615

6*5

3»°37

2,460

3,600

9*i ^7

Pav of the Regiment*, ie. for 365 Days*

£. s. d. 0,775 13 4

9,830

12,978

7»*4*

1,003

>5’73[

2,4' 6

*3

1

16

l5

10

*5

10

12.784 2 6

12.784 2 6

12.784 2 6

12.784 2 6

12,748 2

*2,948 7

12.784 2

12.784 2

12.784 2

12.784 2

TOTAL.

58,028 IO IO

2,539 8

51,136 IO — 6,200 8 9

76,869 — —

3,749 3i

?rovifi<wi»

i i Geo. II. 51° Januani. — :iv Februarit.

Provisions for Brigadier Phillips's Regiment in Garison at Annapolis Royal,

Canjb, and Placentia, deducting 4 d.per out of the Subsistence of

each Non-commissioned Officer and private Man, towards that Expence;

Remains to be borne by the Government - -

Provisions for the several Regiments at Gibraltar - -

1?

Whitehall, 3 \JlJanuary 173 J.

Will. Y

£. t. d. £. s.

1,558 17 1

25,000 — —

26,55s 17 1

1 - - - £ 225,982 — 7

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Hospital, for the Year 1738.

4,215 Out-pensioners (landing at present upon the Books of the Hospital at 5 d.per Diem each -

100 Letter-men, at \zd. per Diem each -

39 Serjeants, at gd. per Diem each -

From which deduCl,

The Sum of Six thousand Five hundred Pounds, which, by Estimation, may be applicable towards defraying this Expence, out of the Poundage of the Forces, for the Year 1738

Remains to be granted, upon Account, of the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital for the Year 1738 - -

Whitehall, 31st Jan 17 3^-

Will. Yonge

For 365 Days.

32,651 n 3

1,825-----

533 16 3

34.41° 7 6

6,500 — —

47,910 7 6

Ax ACCOUNT of Services incurred. Anno 1737; and not provided for by Parliament

£. s. d.

Payments actually made the Contractor for victualing the Garison of Gibraltar, from the 4th of February 173^, the Commencement of his Contract, to the 14th of August 1737 -

Payments, from the 15th of August 1737, to the ill of January following, both inclusive j being Five Months, at 28 Days per Month, by Estimation, will amount

to---....

Insurance, Anno 1737, by Estimation -Extraordinary Magazine Hire, Anno 1737, by Estimation ——

£. s. d.

12,750-----

500 — —

300 —

123,0!5 12 4!

13.55°-----

136,565 12 4I

128,316 13 io|

Total of actual and estimated Payments -

Total of the Supplies voted by Parliament for victualing the Garison of Gibraltar, and applicable to satisfy the Demands of the present Contractor for that Service, to the 44th December 1737, amounts to Remains to be provided for by Parliament -To make good the like Sum, paid Mr. John Gilman, Contractor for furnishing and supplying the Forces in the ldand of Minorca with Salt Beef, over and above the 6d. per Man per "Week, (lopped from the Pay of the Regiments there, pursuant to Contract and Warrant, between the 15th of February 1734 and the 14th of February 173^. -To make good the like Sum, paid Mr. William Caulfield, for surveying and keeping in Repair the new Roads through the Highlands of North Britain, Anno 1737 -To make good the Difference of Pay between the English and Irijk Establishment for Lord Rothes's Regiment of Foot, upon the Establishment of Ireland, but now serving at Gibraltar, for 365 Days, from the 25th December 1736 to 24th December 1737 - For the full Pay of a Regiment of Foot, raised for the Service of the Plantations, under the Command of Colonel James Oglethorpe, for 122 Days, from 25th of August to 24th December 1737 ——

Whitehall, 31st January 1734.

Total

Will. Yonge.

t -r.

8,248 18 6

866 13 4 400-----

876-----

4,003 12 8

M.395 4 6

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 23.

Mercuriiy i° dieFebruarii;

Anno li* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1737. Prayers.

MR. Gregory presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, au Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1738. And the Title thereof was read.

The laid Eftitnate is as follows; viz.

E Am

Ordnance

Ellimau*

*4

i° Felruarii. A. 1737-

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1738.

LAND-SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Store-houses, Barracks, Platform s, Carriages, Stores for Garisons, Rents, Salaries, and other incident Charges -Establishments at Mahon, Gibraltar, Annapolis, Placentia, and North Britain -

Half-pay of the Officers that have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, Spain, and on several Expeditions

EXTRAORDINARIES.

Towards carrying on the Fortifications, repairing of Store-houses, and supply ing of Stores -

Si:

Gibraltar -Mahon Annapolis -Placentia -

£ s, d.

38,835 7 6 9>96* 3 9 425 15 —

10,000-----

5,000-----

700 — —

3°o-----

Towards rebuilding and repairing the Fortifications at Sheemefs Towards building and repairing the Fortifications at Portsmouth Towards carrying on the new Fortifications and Barracks at

in the Highlands of Scotland -

One hundred Tons of Saltpetre -

49,223 6 3

16,000-----

3»°oo — —

5.000 -

2.000 — —

4,.5°°-----

Exceedings; for which no Allowance hath been made by Parliament: Arms, Ammunition, Bedding, Tents, Artificers Tools, and other Stores, provided and delivered for Colonel James Oglethorpe's Regiment of Foot, and for the Service and Defence of the Plantations in America, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, dated 7th November 1737

Charles Wills, John Armfirong, Geo. Gregory, L. Smelt. W. R. Earle.

£. s. d. £*

79,7*3 6 3

6,*95 18 4

£. 86,019 4 7

Ordered, That the saidEstimate dolie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Trent Bridge Mr. Plumptre reported from the Committee, to whom

tinghanf* ^e Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, whose

Road*. Names are thereunto subscribed, living in or near, and travelling through, thfe Road leading from Trent Bridge, near the Town of Nottingham, through Cojlock, otherwise Cortlingjlock Lane, to Cotes Bridge, adjoining to the Town of Cotes, in the County of Leicester -, and also the Petition of several Stiage Coachmen, Waggoners, and Carrievs, usually travelling through the Road lying between Trent Bridge, near the Town of Nottingham, leading through Cojlock, otherwise Corlling stock Lane, to Cotes Bridge, adjoining to the Town of Cotes, in the County 0 fLeicester;Were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, tolheHouse; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered, it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows;

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and to prove the Allegations thereof, the Petitioners called, Mr. William Wild, and Mr. John Woodroff: Who, being severally examined, said. That, the Road mentioned in both Petitions, is about Nine Miles in Length, and that, by Reason of many heavy Carriages frequently puffing through the fame, some Parts thereof in the Winter Seafonare very deep and dangerous to Passengers.

The said William Wild further said, That some of the Parishes through which the said Road leads were, about Two Years since, indicted, on account of the Badness thereof, although the Inhabitants had constantly done and performed their Statute-work, and collected as much or more than they were obliged to raise by Law, and duly laid out the same in amending that Road.

It appeared by the Evidence of those Witnesses, That it is irapoffible for the Inhabitants of all the Parishes effectually to amend the Road now desired to be amended, and to keep the same in good Repair, for the Accommodation of Travellers, unless some further Provision be made for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road leading from the Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Nottingham, through Cojlock, 24

otherwise Cortlingjlock Lane, toCotes Bridge, in the CountyotLeicester: And that Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Gregory, and:

Sir Robert Clifton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, that Mr. Corbett, from 'Account of the Treasurer of the Navy, attended at the Door; Money re-

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Ticeg. Money has been ordered by the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, and received by the Treasurer of his^Iajesty’s Navy, for.any Services of the Navy, from the 31st December 17 36, to the 31st December 1737; distinguishing the times when the same was received, and the Services to which it was applied."

And then lie withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Vicar of the Parish of St. Leonard, St Leonard, in Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and of others, Shoreditch, the Trustees appointed by an Act of Parliament, made, Church, and passed, in the Eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of St. JLeonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Tetting forth.

That the Petitioners meet with divers Doubts and Difficulties in the Execution of the Trust reposed in them by the said Act; particularly, in railing Money for rebuilding the said Church, and for the punctual Payment of their Annuities: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act, in such manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Francis Child, Mr. May, Sir James Grant, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Earle, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Ar-’ clier, Mr. Glanville, Colonel Duckett, Mr. Cornewall,

Mr. Laroche, Sir RogerBraidjhaigh, Mr. WoUaJion, Mr.

Kent, Mr. Sevan, Mr. Braffey, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Turner,

Harbour,

11 Geo. II. i® Felruariu 15

tier, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Hay, Str Charles the Counties of Sussex and Kent, and for the Cinque

Mordaunt, Mr. Harley, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Wode- Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fire house, Mr. Rawlinson Earle, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Knight, Mr. How, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Watts, Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Lord Polwarth, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Corbett,

Mr. Lcheupe, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Rolle, and all the A Petition of the Ironmongers, and Manufacturers Mannfacior* Members who serve for the City of London and County of Iron, in the Towns of Birmingham, Wolverhampton, of Iron >n of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Stourbridge, and Dudley, and the Parts adjacent, in the l#nta*

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester, was pre- ,ons' have Power to lend'for Persons, Papers, and Records. fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there

bath been long established in these Towns, and the A Petition of the Commissioners, appointed by vir- Country adjacent, the greatest Manufactory of Iron in tue of the Acts passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of’ this Kingdom; owing chiefly its Original to the many the lleign of his late Majesty King Georgefor- restoring. Forges situate in the Neighbourhood thereof: That, till the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sujfixc,\.o its an- of late, their Trade hath gradually increasedand flou-

tient Goodhefs, was presented'to the House, and, read; rilhedj in.Proportion to the American Colonies; but is setting forth, Thafc the Port of Rye lies very convenient now in a declining Condition, their Warehouses over-

for Ships which pass up and down the Chanel, to save stocked with Goods, and Artificers unemployed, for themselves in Stress of Weather, and from Enemies ih want of a Demand for their Wares; and aferibing this Time of War: That it having been judged necessary by Decay of Trade to the Erection of Iron Works in his the Legislature, that the said Harbour should be prefer- Majesty’s Plantations in America; whereby those Co.

yed, for the Benefit of Trade and Navigation; and that ionics have been induced to set up the Iron Mauufac-it would be made more commodious and useful, by ture, and furnish themselves with such Iron Wares, opening a new Cut, or Chanel, from the WinchelfeaBx- as they must otherwise have been supplied with from vrr, right out to Sea; Land for that Purpose has been Great Britain, as they were before such Iron Works accordingly purchased, for making the said new Cut or were there erected: And alleging, That, if those Co-Chan- 1, of One hundred and thirteen Feet in Breadth, ionics are permitted to carry on and increase their and Four thousand Nine hundred sixty-six Feet in Manufactories, we shall, in Time, enti rely lose that I-engi h; and the Wallsmade, by the Earth dug out, are Branch of our Trade, to the ruin of many thousand Fa-set at a considerable Distance from the said Chanel: milies; And therefore praying the House to take their That it may be made much wider, for the receiving of same into Consideration, and grant such Relief, as to larger Ships, if it shall be thought proper hereafter: the House shall seem meet.

That the Commissioners apprehend the most difficult Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

and expensive Works would be the Stone Piers, at the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

Entrance from the Sea into the Chanel; and the great mine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall

Sluice for the penning up the Water; and, on occasion, appear to them, to the House.

to make Scours; and were therefore desirous, those And it is referred to ljord Gage, Sir Thomas

Works should be done, during the Life of Captain Per- ton, Mr. Howe, Mr. Winnington, Sir John Shelley, Mr.

ry, whose Judgment had been approved of in Parlia- Poll,ill. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Monson, Lord John

ment, and he rewarded for his Skill: And that, in order Sackville, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Plumptre, Mr.

to get those, and other necessary Works carried on, pur- Longueville, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Berkeley, Lord Gle-

suant to his Scheme, the Commissioners were obliged vorc Mr. Earle, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr. Lyttel-

to borrow several Sums of Money: That the Petitioners ton, Mr Mr. Bra fey, Mr. Kent, "Sir. Hooper,

apprehend, the Money, which may be reasonably ex- Mr. Walpole, Mr. Fere, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Corbett,

pected, during the Continuance of the present Duties Mr. Admiral Lord Baltimore, Sir

granted for the Use of the said Harbour, will not be Edward Dering, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Oglethorpe,

sufficient to discharge the said Debt, and finish the Cha- Mr. Bromley, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Lord Charles

nel, and other Works necessary, before the letting in the Cavendish, Admiral Cavendish, Lord Harry Mr.

Sea, pursuant to the said Acts of Parliament; and would Selwyn, Sir John Rushout, Mr. More, Sir Co-

not therefore venture to proceed further, till they had lonel Bladen, Lord Noel Somerset, Lord -

laid the Premises before this House: And therefore, in clerk, Mr. Shuttlezvor/h, Mr. Compton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. order to pfeferve the Works already done, and complete Hungerford, Mr. Knight, Sir Wm. Stapleton, Sir Edmund what further is necessary to restore a Harbour so com- Bacon, Mr. Lockwood, Sir John Mr. Al-

modiously situated, and which has been of great Use and derman Pern/, Mr. Bance, Mr. Byng, Mr. Tower, Mr.

Security to the Navigation of this Kingdom, praying, AfDr. Lee, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Gulf on, Mr. Tho-

that the present. Duties may be further continued, or such ma Sir; and they are to meet

other Provision made, as to the House shall seem meet, this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- and Records: And all that come are to have Voices.

mine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it

shall appear to them, to the House. A Petition of Abraham Blydefeyn was presented to Biy(jefteynV

And'jt is referred to Sir John Noiris, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner Natl Pelham, Sir John Bushout, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. was born out of his Majesty’s Allegiance, but profeffeth Jewkes, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Talbot, Lord Morpeth, Mr. the true Protestant Religion, and hath given Testimony Compton, Sir John Shelley, Mr. Hales, Sir Jof. Penning- of his Loyalty and Fidelity to his Majesty: And there ton, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Watts, Mr. Treby, Mr. Smelt, fore praying that Leave may be given for. bringing in Mr. Dodington, Mr. Beaghan, Mr. Scaioen, Sir Roger a Bill for his Naturalization. i

Bradjhaigh, Mr. Medleycott, Mr. Monson, Mr. Tracy, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac-Lord Baltimore, Lord Limerick, Sir Sidney Beauclerk,cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Saunderfon, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Mr. Alderman Wilhmott and Mr do prepare,

Longueville, Mr. White, Mr. Mire, Mr. Plumer, Mr., and bring in, the fame.

Waller, Lord Gage, Lord John Sackville, Mr. Knight,

Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Rawlinson Earle, Mr. Rolle, The Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Hungerford, Lord Willingford, Admiral Stewart, The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply. Sir Edward Dering, Lord Galltoay, Mr. Drummond, Sir whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Thomas Aston, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Majesty.

Clayivi, Mr. Polhill, Dr. Lee, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir John Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Afley, Mr. Ken; and all the Members who serve for Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Vol. 23. Mj.

i* — 2° Februarii. A. 1737.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,' to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Jovis, 2° die Februarii;

Anno II. Georgii II" Regis, 1737.

Praters.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Frecker, Account of from the Treasury, attended at the Door; Dispositioaof

He was called in 5 and, at the Bar, presented to the Gr*nU-House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, An Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1737 hath been disposed of, distinguisii-ed under the several Heads, until the ad Day of February 1737; and the Parts thereof remaining unfatis* fied; with the Deficiency thereupon:

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as follows , viz.

PM

D

eg'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o

CS-

FT

Ay ACCOUNT, shewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1737, hath been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the ad Day of February 1737-8;

and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

2s


K

Oj

SERVICES.

For Victuals, Wages, and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualing thereof, for 10,000 Men, for 13 Months - -- - .

] For the Ordinary of the Navy, and for Half-pay -

\ For extraordinary Repairs of the Navy -

(Towards the Support of Greenwich Hospital -

v ( For Ordnance, Sea Services c < For Ditto, Land Services ——

® a ( For extraordinary Expences for Land Services, not provided for by Parliament -

iFor defraying the Charge of 17,704 Men, for Guards, Garisons, &?c. Anna 1737 For maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garisons in the Plantations, Minorca, and Anno 1737

Upon Account of Ont-pensioners of CheljeaHospital ..... - -

For defraying several extraordinary Expences and Services, incurred, and not provided for by Parliament Upon Account of Half-pay to reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, Anno 1727 For Pensions to Officers Widows, who were married before 1716, for the Year 1737

For aSuhfidytotl»eKing ofZ)«j»jurA -

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, Anno 1735, at Lady Day 1737 - -

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, Anno 1735, at Michaelmas 1737 -To make good the Deficiency of the Grants, Anno 1736 j

To the Navy -..... 237 4 4

To the Ordnance - - -- 14,649 2

To the General Fund -.....22,944 14 —

To the Sinking Fund, for Interest paid on . Million, lent on Salt Duty 1734 24,570 2 7

tfi

o

d.

494,000-----

2i9,/oi 6 5

50,000 —

26,000 — —

79>723 6 3

604 19

647,549 n

215,710 6

28,707 5 10

56,413 14 3

44,685 a 6

3.945 -

42,187 10 —


u ta

<D

Q

To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp-duties, at Christmas 1735 ——

209,010

49,700

8

62,401

10,043

3 H 3 io{

Towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements, belonging to the Royal African Company, on the Coalt of Africa Towards the settling and securing the Colony of Georgia, in America ——

Towards repairing and finishing the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, ——

To \\\e South Sea Company, to redeem Old South Sea Annuities -

The Ways and Means towards supplying the said Services.

£ s- d.

750.000 — — By the Malt Duty, Anno 1737.

,000,000 — — By the I.and Tax, Anno 1737.

500.000 — — By the Duties on Sweets, SCc.

1,000,000 — — By the Sinking Fund.

5,561 6 3 By Arrears of the Malt Duty, 1735.

£ d. Sums paid. Remains to be

paid.

£ s. d. £>* s. d.

763,201 6 5 744,825 15 5 *8,375 *1 —

10,000 10,000 —

- 106,328 5 5 i 91,649 2 7 14,679 2 10

10,39,198 io 4i *>024,377 i 14,821 10 4

- 209,010 1 8

49,700

237 4 4

- 14,649 2 7i

m , 22.944 i4

m m m 24>57 2 7

» m m IO»°43 3 *oi

J3M54 9 — I -

10,000 10,000 — — -

20,000 — — 20,000

4,000 — — 4,000

1,000,000 1,000,000 —

3,283,882 11 2*1 3,178,448 6 7f *°5>434 4 7*

Residue of Ways and Means, Anno 1737, undisposed the ad February 1 73f, on Land Tax, Anno1737 -

Deficiency of the Grants Anno, ] 737

77,112 19 7|

28,321 4.1*4

o

txt

o


0

1

3>255.56i 6 3

28,321 4 nf Deficiency of the G rants. Anno 1737.

3,283,882 11 24J

HC Free her,

2d February 1 73t*

?8

a" Fehruar

A.

173 7*

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the how much Money, has been received by the Treasurer

Account

impeding?

Greenwich

Hospital.

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that Mr. Deputy

Trpafurer of Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, prclented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account, lliewing

of the said Hospital, from Ch1736 to Christmas 1737; and how the same has been applied;

Ajxl then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

GjreemcicliHospital, 7 An ACCOUNT, {hewing how much Money has been'received by the Treasurer of the id February, 17J7, $ dud Hospital, from Chripnas 17 36 to Christmas 1737; and bow the same has been applied.

To received, of Philip Can-ndi/h Esquire, late Treasurer -

To received, for Seamen’s Sixpences, employed in the Merchants Service, ending with Xornnher 1737 -

T i tO'tyed.on account of Abatements on Seamen’s Wages, employed in his Majesty’s Service -To ri <eyed^ for the Duties on Light-houses, on the North and South Forelands, One Year, to Michaelmas lad ——

To receive i,.t lie Money granted by Parliament, Anno 1736 -

Torcc ived, for Sixpencesabateft from Seamen,employed in Victualing Vessels,toCAr//?m(W 1736 To received, for the Provisions due to the Chaplains of the Ordinaries of and Wool-

wich,to December 1736 -

To received, the Wages and Gtoats on Ditto, t<t-d//c/iap/wffl5 1736 -

To leceive;’, the Groans due on Ditto, on the Yachts, to December 1736 - -

To received, Seamen’s Forfeitures, One Year, to Ditto -

1 <1 received, the Odicers I:la|f-pay, One Year and Half, to Midsummer 1737 -

To received, the Deductions of Threepence in the Pound for the Half-pay, One Year, to Christmus 1736

To received, luteredon £.450 India Bonds, to 31st March 1737 -

To received, the Rents of Houses belonging to the Hospital -

5

7*571

6.000

1,425

10.000

7

21

40

60

I>°59

8

J97

s.

d.

1

2 11

12

6

4

4

>7

12

10

12

9i

6

6

£. 31,698 19

Which said Sums, together with what remained in the Treasurer’s Hands, on the Balance of the lull Account,

have been applied as under;

Treasurer

To Cash remaining on Balance of lad Account To sundry impreli Receipts, then Handing out To the Treafu rer’s Receipts, iron) Christmas 1746, to

Df. 1 Per Contra,

s. d. By Six Months Household £. s. d.

Books, ending March 1737 8,578 15 10 8,117 14 3$ 1 SixMonbhsContingencies, D* 51)1 4 t

Six Months current Works, D* 585 9 5

3,125-----1 SixMonthsmeasured Works, D* 424 17 I

Cr.

By Six Months Household Books,

Chripnas 1737, as above - 31,698 19 — -0 ending 1737 -12,17418 6-J.

— Six Months Contingencies, D’ 164-----

£. 41,941 13 31.1 Six Months current Works, D* 606 18 9

Six Months measured Works, D* 403 — 4

10,18a 6

13.3+8 17 lx

By One Year and a Quarter’s Ground-rent, to

Morden College - - - 26 5 —

Memorandum: The Rents of the Denoentwater\By sundry imprest Receipts Handing out - 2,592 5 10

Estate are not mentioned in this Account;!

that. Edate being appropriated, by Act of Par-1 26,14 7 14 1 o-J

liament, to the Building; and the Receipt! Dueto Balance 15»793 5

thereof dated, in a distinfit Account laid before the House. I 4G94* !3 3*

For Hercules Baker Esquire, Treasurer,

James Wood, Deputy.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the vice of the Royal Navy, from the 3 id of December 1736

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Areount of Mr. Byng, from the Commissioners of the Navy, pre-

Seanien. fented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Number of Seamen, employed in the Ser-

to the 3 id of December 1737, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what mustered, in the said Service.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

Navy

11 Geo. II.

2" Februarii.

*9

Navy-Oflice, 31(17 An ACCOUNT of the Number of January 1737. 3 Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st December 1736, to the 3 id December 1737, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what mu tie red, in the said Service; prepared pursuant to an Order of the honourable House of Commons, of this Day's Date.

MONTHS. Number of Men.

M0rne' Muttered.

January 1736 - *3)373 12,696

February *3.657 *2,798

March 1737 - 13,630 12,929

April - *3.243 12,027

May - 8,063 7.539

June - - - - 8,120 .7,678

July - 8,108 7,641

August ... 8,111 7,686

September - - - 8,088 7,538

O8ober - 7.699 7) *5

November - 7,462 7,022

December - - - 8.75* 7.854

Total - - 118,305 110,558

Upon a Medium 9,858 9.213

Richard Haddock, Ja. Ackicorth,

G. Purvis, J. Favolev, Ro.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

habitants of the said Town; and they being unable to complete the same. Application was made for charitable Contributions for that Purpose.

The Ageuts for the Petitioners laid before the Committee. An Account of what bad been raised by the said Town, and the Inhabitants ;and also by charitable Contributions: whereby it appeared, That the Sum of £. 3,497. i2.r. yd. had been collected; which Sum the

Committee find was duly laid out, in carrying on the said Work; yet the said Harbour is not near iinillied.

The said Peter Marlin being asked, What Condition the Town-house and Common Prison were in, he said, That the same were old and decayed; and that the Streets and Catrfeways were in so bad Repair, that the same were rendered very incommodious, both to the Inhabitants and Travellers.

Then an Account of the present Debts, contracted for the publick Service of the said Town, was laid before the Committee; whereby £. 4,925 appears to be due; the Interest of which Debt the annual Revenue of the said Towrn is not sufficient to discharge.

And it appeared to the Committee, That, unless some Power be given to the Inhabitants of the said Town to raise Money, neither the said Harbour, which is very useful to Trade, can be completed, nor the Building of the Town-houseand puibtick Prison, the repair of the Streets, and other publick Works, of the said Town, carried on and finished, and the present Debt discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for . laying a Duty of Two Pfenies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or fold, within the Town of and

Liberties thereof: And that Brigadier General and Mr. Maulcdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ah<-rWWk Brigadier General Mi die ton reported from the Com-

Harbour,&c. mittee, to whom the Petition of the Provost, Bailies, and Town Council, of the Burgh of; and also

the Petition of the Heritors in the Neighbourhood of the Burgh of Aberbrothock, and other Heritors in that Coun-

ty, whose Subscriptions and Designations are thereunto subjoined; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petitions: And, to prove the Allegations thereof, the following Witness was examined;

Peter Martin: Who said. That the Harbour of the said Town becoming decayed, and hazardous for Vessels to enter, the Foundation of a new Harbour was laid, and the Work carried on, at first, at the Expence of the In-

The House being informed, that Mr. Secre- Account*

tary to Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Door; re'p< fine He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Greenwich House, pursuant to their Order, Hospital.

A State of the yearly Revenue, and Expence, of Greenwich Hospital. And also,

An Account, shewing how the Money, granted last Session of Parliament for Greenwich Hospital, has been disposed of.

And he also presented to the House, An Account of what Money has been received from the Deru entwater Estate, and what has been laid out in carrying ou the Building of Greenwich Hospital, in the Year 1737; prepared, in Obedience to an Act, passed in the first Section of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the said Estate.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said State and Accounts were read.

The said State and Accounts are as follow; viz.

ad February 1737. C A STATE of the yearly Revenue and Expence of Greenwich Hospital, prepared in ( pursuance of an Order of the honourable House of Commons, of the 3 ift January 1737.

Estimate of the Revenue.

The Six Pence a Man, per Menfem, of 10,000 Seamen, usually employed in the King’s Service at Sea, in Time of Peace, yields -

The Six Pence a Man, per Menfem, of about 1,500 Seamen, employed on board his Majesty’s Ships in ordinary, may yield -

The Six Pence a Man, per Menfem, of Seamen employed in the Merchant Service, is estimated at The Three Light-houses on the Forelands, may yield, per Annum, about -The Rents, per Annum, of Houses, yield about

There is vetted in South 1 Sea Annuities, by Order of the Court of Chancery, the sum of £. 3,494 1 or. id.devised to the Hospital; which Sum is to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands;

and, in the mean time, the Hospital receives Interest, at £. 4. per Cent.

£. r. d.

3,250 -

487 10 — 7,000 — —

1,400-----

228 18 4

139 15 7

Vol. 23.

12,506 3 11

Revenue, short of the Expence - - - 11,193 16 1

£. 23,700-----

Note,

20

2° Februariu

A. 1737.

"Note, The Half-pay of the Lieutenant Governor, and other military Officers, of the Hospital, which is at present applied in Aid to the Revenue of the Hospital, and may be deduded from the above Deficiency, amounts to -The Wages, and Value of Provisions, allowed the Chaplains of the Ordinary of Deptford and Woolwich,which are at present applied in like manner, they being the Chaplains of the Hospital, amounts to -

£. s d.

643 7 —

107-----

75°

But the said Sums being uncertain, are not brought to account, as Part of the Revenue of the Hospital.

d.

Estimate of the Expence.

For maintaining of t ,000 disabled Seamen, with the Officers, and Servants, and Nurses, upon the present Establishment, is estimated at -The ordinary Repairs in and about the Hospital, including the Wages of the Officers of the Works, is estimated at about -

Contingent Charges are about ——

21,000 — —

2,000-----

700 —


43,700-----

Memorandum: The Rents of the Derivcntwafer Estate are not mentioned in this Account, that Eliate hcins

appropriated, by Act of Parliament, to the carrying in a distinct Account laid before the House.

2d Februanj 173-J-.

An ACCOUNT, shewing how the Money granted daft Session of Parliament, for Hospital,

- has been disposed of; prepared in pursuance of an Order of the honourable House of Commons, of the 31 ft January 173 7.

The Expence of maintaining 450 addi- d.

tional disabled Seamen, with 27 Nurses, being Widows of Sea Officers, or poor Seamen, for One Year, is estimated at 8,090 — — Remainder expended in the current Service of the Hospital - - - 1,910-----

10,000 — —

Note, That the Accounts of the Hospital are cleared and paid, only to the 30th of September last.

By. Order of the Commissioners,

Will. Corbett.

An ACCOUNT of what Money has been received from the DerwenlxvaterEstate, and’what has been

laid out, in carrying on the Building of Greenwich Hospital in the Year 1737, prepared in obedience to an Act passed in the First Session of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the said Estate.

IN obedience to the Directions of an Act passed in the First Session of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates, forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Derwentwater, and Charles Radclife.

Requiring the Commissioners or Governors of the royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, to contract and agree with able and sufficient Tradesmen, Artificers, or other Persons, for finishing and completing the said royal Hospital in a Workman-like and substantial Manner, on the easiest and most reasonable Terms, according to the Plan laid before the House of Commons in the said Session of Parliament; and to lay their Proceedings therein.

on the Building; and the Receipt thereof being dated By Order of the Commissioners,

Corbett.

with their annual Accounts, before his Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament.

The Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital do humbly report, as follows:

There has been received, between the £. s, <L 31st December 1736, and 31st December 1737, out of the Rents and Profits of the said Estate ----- 1,453 — —

There has been received One Year’s Dividend on £. 5,500, Three per Cent.

Annuities, purchased with Part of the

Money received in the Year 1735 - 165 — —

Total received in 1737 - - 1,618-----

As to their Proceedings in carrying on the Building, between the 31st of December 1736, and the 31st Decent-ber 1737, the East Building of Queen Mary's Court has been carried up from the Top of the great Facia, which is level with the Window Stools of the great Hall, to a Height of 14 Feet above the said Facia.

The South Building of the said Court, has been carried up from the Top of the Basement, which is level with the Window Stools of the lower Hall, to a Height of 13 Feet above the said great Facia, being a Height of about 26 Feet.

The South Front of the Chapel-building, and the Legs of the Cupola, have been carried up from the Top of the Basement aforesaid, to a Height of above Six Feet above the said great Facia, being a Height of above 19 Feet; and the North Front of the said Chapel-building, has been carried up to a Height of about Six Feet above the said great Facia.

The Expence of which, brought to £. s. d. Account in September last, and paid, has amounted to - - - 7,371 n 4

By Order of the Commissioners,

Corbett.

Ordered, That the said State, and Accounts, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Sides-men, Constable, Vestry-men, and other the principal Parishioners and Inhabitants, of the

Parish of Christ-church,in the county of ,

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts, and keepinga sufficient and well-regulated Watch in the Night-time,within thegreatand populous Parish church aforesaid, will at all times be of great Importance, and tend, not only to the Preservation of the Persons and 16

Properties of the Inhabitants thereof, but the common Safety of all other Persons resorting to and from the Market kept within the said Parish; and is, as the Petitioners apprehend, at this time become so much the more necessary, as the Number of Burglaries, Robberies, and other Outrages and Disorders, hath of late so much jn-creased: That, by the Laws now in being, as the Petitioners conceive, no effectoal Provision is made for enlightening the said Streets and other Places within the said Parish; or for the establishing, ordering, or well-governing any Rich nightly Watch; or for the due levying and collecting any Sums of Money for defraying the necessary Charges thereof; or for enforcing a due Application and just Account of any Moniesfo levied and collected, for the Purposes aforesaid; and that the Methods

hitherto

11 Geo. II. 2° — j° Februarii. 21

hitherto practised fof railing Money f>r maintaining and paying their Beadles have been very precarious and unwarrantable: And therefore, in order to remedy the Mischiefs and Inconveniencies aforesaid, praying that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts; and for the better regulating thenightly Watch, and Beadles, within the said Parish of

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Francis Child, Mr. May, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Mr. Glanville, Mr.

Thompfov, Mr. Iiorfmonden Turner, Lord Mr. Compton, Mr. Howe, Mr. Kinafion, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Longueville, Mr. More, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Roger Bradfiaigh, Mr. Crawley, Mr. , Mr.

Earle, Mr. Guidolt, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Fydell, Mr. Evans, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Mr. Alderman

Ferry, Mr. Alderman Mr. Hucks, Mr. Ro-

bert Hacks, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Inwen, Sir Mr. Bramflon,

Mr. Pelham, Mr. Thomas Pelham, Sir Wm. Gage, Mr.

Hay, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Chamberlajine, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir John AJlley, Mr. Mr.

Wardour, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Grenville, Sir James Grant, Mr. L, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Byng, Mr. Cosier, Mr. Rawlinson Earle, Sir Nicholas Williams, Lord Gage, Mr. Hoare, Mr. Archer, Mr. Crewe, Mr. Tucker, Mr.; and all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex, and the City of London: And they are U> meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Payment of Ordered, Nemine contradicente. That Leave be given kents. to bring in a Bill for themore effectual securing the Payment of Rents, and preventing Frauds by Tenants: And that Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Hooper, Mr. HorfmondenTurner, Mr. Pollen, and Mr. Hay, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply. Si r Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Ten thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service for the Year 1738, beginning from the ill of January 1737.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Ten thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 30

Anno 11* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1737. Prayers.

Payment of SjRDE RED, That Mr. Henry Archer be added to

Kent.*. the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the more effectual securing the Payment of Rents, and preventing Frauds by Tenants. Vol. 23.

A Petition of sundry Iron Mailers, in behalf of them- Encouraging selves and others concerned in the Making of Iron in the making Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; *r°n !" setting forth, That the Petitioners are not able to make Dg Iron so cheap as, notwithstanding the present Duties, it is imported from abroad: That the Quantity of British Iron is already greatly decreased, and will soon come to nothing, unless something be speedily done in their Favour: That their Trade employs a Multitude of Poor; supports the Woodlands; whereby Timber is produced for the Navy, and Bark for the Leather Manufacture; and, byfurnilhinga Commodity, which, when imported, is, for the most part, paid in Specie, prevents large Sums from going out of this Kingdom; and that, in their Opinion, Great Britain is naturally capable, and, in time, would be enabled to supply herself with Iron, both in Quantity and Quality, sufficient for all our Pilrposes, excepting Steel only, were but proper Encouragement afforded: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and grant such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Ironmongers and Manufacturers of Iron, in the Towns of Birmingham, Wolverhampton, Stourbridge, and Dudley, and the Parts adjacent, in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester,is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Plumplre presented to the House, according to TrentBridg* Order, a Bill for repairing the Road leading from the near Not-7 'rent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Notling- ^"gjjaia ham, through Costock, otherwise Lane, to 04

Cotes Bridge, in the County of Leicester .* And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Philip Rigail was presented to the Rigaii* House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner was N«t. born out of his Majesty’s Allegiance; but profeffeth the true Protellant Religion, and hath given Tellimony of his Loyalty and Fidelity to his Majesty, and the Good of the Kingdom of Great Britain: And therefore pray-' ing, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bevan, and Mr. Thomas Corbett do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to s,ppiy. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garisons, and other his Majesty’s Laud Forces in Great Britain, for the Year 1738, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1738, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-eight, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Services incurred Anno One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-seven, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they

G had

*3

— 6° Februafti.

A. 1737.

had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

On/m-rf, That the Reportbe received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee, to move, That they may have Leave to'lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, refolv'e itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, Tha? Mr. Cro(fe\ Mr. Bramfon, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Bailee, Mr. Olinius, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Lehn Mr. Mr.

Boioney, Mr. Ord, and Mr. be added to the

Committee, to whom the Petition of the Vicar of the Parish of St. Leonard, in Shoin the County of Middlefer, and of others the Troftees, appointed by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, is referred.

St. l.eonai-4

bhoieditch

Church*

ii

w

r

1

t

1

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to cffiiviit-es. ]?je$ions be adjourned. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for

eleftinga Bupgelsjto serve in thispresentParliamentfor And then the House adjourned till Monday the Borough of in the County of in

Morning next, Nine of the Clock. the room of William Nod El’quire, who, finee his Elec-

tion for the said Borough, hath accepted the Ollice of -----;----- one of his Majesty’s Counsel learned in the Law.

Stamford

Writ.

Kincardine

Eittiion.

i (

Lutice^ 6° die;

Anno it* Georgii IP' Regis, 1737. Praters.

A PETITION of John Scott, of Wardropertoun Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, upon the 28th of May 1734, being

Sir according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to eonfider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Refutations which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Day appointed for the Election of a Commissionerto That the Number of effective Men to he provided for serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Kincar- Guards and Garisons in Great Britain, and for dine -, William Burnett, of Crigie, Esquire, was duly mid Jersey, for the Year 1 7^8, be, including One thou-elected Prafes, and Mr. John Maulewas duly elected fund Eight hundred and fifteen Invalids, and Five

..... hundred Fifty-five Men,;' which the Six Independent

Companies consist of, for the Service of the Highlands, Seventeen thousand Seven hundred and Four Men, Commission and Non-commission Officers incliukd.

That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Eorty-l'even thousand Five hundred Forty-nine Pounds Eleven Shillings and Three Pence Halfpeny, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the said Seventeen thousand Seven hundred and Four Men, for

Supply,

Clerk, by the Majority of Freeholders, who had a Right to vote in such Election: That the Minority of Freeholders-thereupon separated themselves from the Majority:

That the Freeholders, who continued together, after having adjusted the Roll, unanimously, to the Number of Thirteen, voted for the Petitioner to be Commissioner for the said Shire; and the said Mr. Maule, who was Clerk, and the proper Returning Officer, did, agreeable to Law, tender a Return of the Petitioner’s Name, to Arthur Shepheard, Deputy Sheriff of the said Shire, there being no principal Sheriff, and required him Guards and Garisons, and other his Map-fly’s Land to receive such Return, and annex it to the Writ; But Forces in Great Britain, Gucrnjly, and JcrJey, for the that the said Arthur Shepheard, in manifest violation of Year 1738 ' ! -

the Right of Elections, hath taken upon himself, by The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Indenture between him and one John Young, who had time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, no Colour of Right to join in such Indenture, to return agreed to by the House.

?0I1FT-aT'’ °*£hcfd?' ^e; toPbe Commilftoner . this House will, upon Wednesday

for the said Shire: That the said John Faulconer was not next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

Si Lw

Snre

CiiU

capable of being so elected, not being seised or possessed of such an Estate, as intitled him either to elect, or be elected: That several Persons, who pretended to vote for the said John Faulconer, had no Right or Title to

Wav* and Menus.

whole House, to eonfider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of the Commissioners of the River Wear, Woar jpTfr vote; and they refused to take the Oaths appointed by and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Preservation. Law to be taken by the Eleftors of Members to serve in Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was Parliament: That the Persons, who pretended to vote presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by for the said John Faulconer, having withdrawn and fepa- tin Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his late rated from the duly elected Prafes and Clerk, could not Majesty King the First, intituled, An Act for

regularly choose any Commissioner for the said Shire: Preservation and Improvement of the River R ear, and That, as well before, as at, the Election, many undue Port and Haven of in the County of

and illegal Practices were made use of, by, for, and in certainPowersweregrantedtothe Commissionersthere-Favour of, the said John Faulconer, in order to procure by appointed, for and during the Term of Twenty-one him to be elected and returned to serve in Parliament Years; and certain Duties were also imposed, payable for the said Shire: And though he was not duly chose, from and after the 24th Day of June, in the Year of our yet he hath been returned by a Person who had no Lord 1717, and for the Space of Twenty-one Years then Right to make such Return, though the Petitioner was next following; and that, by an Act, made in the Tliir-duly elected; and who, as the proper Officer tendered a teenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, divers Return of him to the Sheriff, ought to have been rer additionalPowersweregrantedtothesaid Commissioners; turned accordingly: And praying the House, to take the but that the said Acts, and the Duties and Powers thereby " ' ’ 1 " granted, being near expiring, the said River, Port, and

Haven, cannot be effectually cleansed and preserved, according to the Intent of the said Acts, unless the said Powers and Duties be further continued; nor can the Duties,

Penalties, and Forfeitures, payable by virtue of the said Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his livid late Majesty, be effectually levied, if the said Commis-22 sioners

Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioner such Relief, as to the House fit all seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Considerat ion of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

>i

11 Geo. II.

6® — -7® Fibmarii.

sioners arenot authorized to direct their Warrants for levying the fame, otherwise than to the Constable of the Place where the Offence shall be committed, who is the only Person particularly appointed by the said Act, for the Execution of i'uch Warrants: And therefore praying, that Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Powers by the said several Acts granted, and the Duties by the said first-mentioned Act imposed, and for the better ascertaining the fame, for such farther Terra, and with such Alterations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Mr,

Lambton, Mr. Shafto, Mr. Secretary at War, Colonel ’ Mordaunt, Sir Francis Boynton, Lord Gage, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Mr.

den Turner, Mr. Vyner, Sir John Mr. White, Mr. Hylton, Sir Henry Liddell, Mr. Jenifon, Colonel Liddell, Mr. Hucks, Mr. S, Mr. Lelicup, Sir George Wynne, Sin Thomas Mr. Cro£e, Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Gregory, ColonelMr. OJbaldeston, Mr. Wilkin(bn, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Saudys, Mr.

Plumer, Mr. Talbot, Sir Miles Mr. Waller,

Mr. Wrighte, Mr. Fox, Mr. Wodehoiife, Sir Thomas Lee,

Lord Polwarth, Mr. Hume Campbell, Sir Thomas Aston, Lard Sidney Beauclerk, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Delmi, Mr. Fane, Lord Limerick, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Campbell, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Noel

SomerJ'et, Mr. Clavering, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Cojler, Lord John Sackville, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Thompson. Brigadier Cope, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Everfield, Mr. Kimifion, Mr. Lawton, Mr. Leiois, Mr. Robert Hucks, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Oglethorpe, Sir Richard Corbett; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham and Northumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon* at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sidney Beauclerk, Sir Robert Sutton, Mr. Earle, Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr. Archer, Dr. Mr. Parsons,

Mr. Gildart, Mr. Horfmonden Turner, Sir Nicholas Williams, M r Lindefay, M r. ShuttleSir IFm. Heathcote,

Mr. Danvers, Sir George Wynne, Mr. Thompjan, Mr.

Wrighte, Mr. Longueville, Mr. White, Sir Ilcathcote, Mr. Brereton, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Rev an, Mr.

Frankland, Mr. More, Mr. Drummond, Sir Roger Jhaigh, Colonel Liddell, Mr. , Mr. Montagu, Mr. Comptroller; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Derby, and York:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Alderman Witlimott, according to Order, pre- Blyde(t»yne'i fented to the House, a Bill for naturalizing Abraham Blydcjhyne: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ditto.

Ditto.

St. Leonard Shoreditch Church.

1)06.

Ordered, That Sir John Heathcote, Colonel Mordaunt, Mr. Hucks, Mr. More, Mr. White, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Papillon, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Vicar of the Parish of St. Leonard, in Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and of others, the Trustees appointed by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 70 die Februarii j Anno 11® Georgii Ildl Regis, 1737. P a AVERS.

Cleik’a

A(lii\anU

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That Mr.

Aijkeio, the Clerk’s Assistant, being at presentfo indisposed with the Gout, as not to be able to attend: The Clerk therefore desires, that Mr. John Naylor may be admitted to assist him, during Mr. s Indif-

position.

Ordered, That Mr. John Naylor be admitted to aflifi the Clerk of the House, during the present, or any future Indifposition of Mr. Aijkeiv, during this Session.

A Petition of Sir James Cunynghame Baronet, com- Haddington, plaining of an undue Election and Return for the Shire &c-. of Linlithgow; and also, tlcCt,on-

A Petition of Sir James DalrympleBaronet; and also, A Petition of John Hafwell, Common Cleik of the Burgh of Jedburgh;

AVere severally presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That at the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Distriet of Burghs of Haddington, Jedburgh, Dunbar, North Berwick, and Lauder at Jedburgh, the presiding Burgh of that District, on Saturday the 18th Day of May 1734, the Petitioner Sir James Dalrymple was duly elected a Burgess for the said District, by the\Toices of Hugh Dalrymple F.squire, who was legally elected Delegate for the said Burgh of Benvick, and of John Moffat, who was legally elected Delegate for the said Burgh of Lauder ;James Douglas, who was duly elected Delegate for the said Burgh of Jedburgh, not beingpresent at the said Election ofaBurgefs for l he said District: and William Cransion, Doctor of Medicines, not having been duly elected Delegate for the said Burgh of Jedburgh, and George not having been duly elected Delegate for the said Burgh of Lauder, and George not having

been duly elected Delegate for the said Burgh of Hadding > oun:That, never! hCrombie, or John Crombie, or both of them, pretending to be Common Clerk or Clerks of the said Burgh of Jedburgh, have, or has, presumed to make a Return of James Fall i’.fquireas duly elected a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said District, although the said James Fall was not duly elected; and that the said Return is utterly void, not being made by the Petitioner John Hafwell, the Common Clerk of the said 'Burgh of Jedburgh,at the Time of the said Election;

and that undue Influence, Bribery, Corruption, and other unlawful Methods, wereufed by the said James Fall, or his Agents, or Abettors, procuring, or attempting to procure, undue Elections of Delegates, to favour the Interest of the said James Fall in the aforesaid Burghs of Haddingtonn, Jedburgh, or Lauder, or some of them: And praying the House to take the said Election and Return into Consideration, and give the Petitioners such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to . the House.

’iTent Bridge near Nottingham Road.

A Bill for repairing the Road leading from the Trent Br ft/ge, in the County of the Tow n ol VoMing/iani, throu gh Cojlock, otherwise Certlingflock Lane, to Cotes iu

the County of Leicester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Gregory, Sir Robert Clifton, Mr. Laroche, Lord Vol. 23.

A Petition of the Assistants incorporated for the Preservation of the Harbour of Dover, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, the Warden, and the rest of the said Assistants, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by an Act,

made

Dover

Harbour.

24 7° Februarii. A1737.

made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of of Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the King William the Third, for repairing the said Harbour, Borough of in the County of Dorset, came on

a Duty of Three Pence/)tr Ton was laid foraTerm,in upon Saturday the4th Day of May 1734; atwhicli Elec-the said Act mentioned, upon Ships and Vessels therein tion the Petitioner flood Candidate: That a Poll being described, for raising a Sum of Money for that Purpose; taken at the said Election, Anthony of the said 13o-

which Term and Powers, by the said Act granted, were rough, who acted in the Capacity of Mayor and Return-by several subsequent Acts continued, until the ill Day ing Officer of the said Borough, did arbitrarily, and ille-t>f May 1744; whereby Two-thirds of the said Duty is gaily, receive and admit a great Number of Persons, to granted to the making a Harbour at Rye; and that the vote for John Pitt Esquire, who had no Right or Title said Harbour of Dover hath been brought to a very use- whatsoever to poll at the said Election; and did also un-ful Degree of Forwardness; but cannot be completed and justly disallow and reject divers Votes for the Petitioner, brought to its full Perfection, without further Expence, which ought to have been received; and obstinately de-and a longer time granted of the said Duty: And there- dared the said Election in favour of the said Mr. Pitt; and fore praying, That the Term and Powers granted for returned him, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; repairing and supporting the said Harbour may be fur- in Contempt of the last Resolution of the House, touching the r continued and inlarged, for such time, and in such the Right of Election for the said Borough; although the manner, as to the House shall leem meet. said Antony Trew was, before the Election, served with a

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- Copy of the said Resolution, and well knew the Intent sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the and Meaning thereof; That the said Mr. Pitt, by the Commissioners appointed, by virtue of the Acts, passed in Means aforesaid, and other corrupt and illegal Practices, the N inth and Tenth Years of the Reign of his late Ma- has been returned, to serve in this present Parliament for jesty King George, for relloring the Harbour of Rye, in the said Borough of , although the Petitioner

the County of Sussex, to its ancient Goodness, is referred, was duly elected a Member for the said Borough, by a

great Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been Petition of Justin Bruningk, Peter Untzcllman, and returned accordingly: And praying the House to lake the c’ a ’ Henry Klencke, was presented to the House, and read; Premises into Consideration, and to grant to the Peti-setting forth, That the Petitioners were born out of his tioner such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet. Majesty’s Allegiance; but profess thetrue Protellant Re- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to tlr-Con-ligion, and have given Tellimony of their Loyalty and sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Fidelity to his Majesty, and the Good of the Kingdom of And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and rc-Great Britain: And therefore praying, That Leave may port the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization. House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Horfmonden Turner, Mr. Holden, and Sir George Caf- the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for wall,do prepare, and bring in, the fame. electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the Count y of Nor-West mi 11 tier Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this folk, in the room of the honourable William

Collegiate House an Account, shewing how the Money granted, Esquire, deceased.

Church. t|ie j,tfl sefl-lon Qf Parliament, for the Repair of the

Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster, hath been A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen,

disposed of Freeholders, and others, of the County of Cornwall,

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to Rye Ordered, That Mr. Winnington, Lord Sidney Beau- the House, and read; fettingforth, That the said County Harbour. cicrfc> \jr# Purvis, Mr. Pearfe, Mr. Byng, Mr. Rhitliffon,>s near Ninety Miles in Length, and that his Majesty’s

Mr. Brerelon, Mr. Eyles, Mr. Bijfe, Mr. ParJ'ons, Mr. Courts of Assize, Nisi Prius, and Gaol Delivery, for the Robinson, Colonel Onjloxo, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Hales, Mr. said County, having, till the Year 1715 or 1716, been

Cary, Mr. Frankland, Sir Henry Hoghton, Mr. Boone, constantly held and kept at the Town of Launcefion, Sir Win. Heatlwote, Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Laroche, apon the Confines of the said County; and the Town of Mr. Crojfc, Mr. Whitxoorth, Mr. Briftoxo, be added to Bodmin being situate near the Centre of the said County the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commis- of Cornwall, in which Town is a very large publick sioners appointed by virtue of the Acts, passed in the Hall, for holding the said Assizes, and all other Conve-Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty niencies proper therein for Pei fons attending the fame; King George, for restoring the Harbour of Rye, in the Application was made to this House in the Year 1716, County of Suffer, to its ancient Goodness, is referred. representingfeveralInconvenienciesofludding the Assizes

for the said County conllantly at the said Town of Accounts of Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do which is but about two M iles wit hin the said County:

iron . lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Iron Whereupon an Act passed, in the First Year of the Reign

mpor« . jm ported into this Kingdom, from Christmas 1736, to of his late Majesty King the First, for holding the

Chrifhnas 1737, from foreign Countries; with the Duties Assizes, for the said County of Cornwall, at a convenient payable thereon; and how much the same amounted Place within the same; reciting,thattheconftantly hold-to; distin«ui(hing each Country. ing the Assizes at Launcefion had been oftentimes found

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do inconvenient; whereby it was Enacted, That the holding lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity’ of the Assizes, for the said County, should not he confined Iron, in Bars, Pigs, or Sows, imported into this Kingdom to fohl Town of Launcefion; but that the Ix>rd High from the Plantations; distinguishing each Species; with Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, for the Time being, with . the Duties payable thereon; and how much the same the Advice of the Justices of Assize, might, from time to amounted to; from Christmas 1736, to Christmas 1737; time,appoint aconvenient Place, within the said County, distinguishing each Plantation. for holding the Assizes, in such manner as he was by Law

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do authorized to do for any other County; but that, uot-

lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of withstanding the said Act, which declares, that the hold-wrought Iron, and Iron in Bars, exported to the Planta- *«g the Assizes constantly at Launcefion has been found tions, from Christmas 1736 to Christmas 1737; diflin- inconvenient, the Assizes for the said County have, ever guishing each Plantation. since the Year 1727, been constantly held at the said

Town of; whereby many Freeholders of the

W arehaot A Petition of Nathanael Gould Esquire was presented fold County, returned to serve on Juries, and several an-

Eiefiioii. tQ tl e Uoute, and read. setting forth, That the Election cient and infirm Witnesses, and other Persons, have been

obliged

Great \ annouth

Wnt.

Cornwall

Ailize*

M Geo. II. 70 — 8° — 90 Februarii.

obligee! to travel, some Seventy, am! Come more. Miles, to Ref eked, That an bumble Address bo presented to his

attend the Afljzes I lien4; which hath been very expeiilive Majdiy, 'That lie will be gradually pleased to give Di-to themselves, and pi (judicial to their AfTairs: And there- rections, That Copies of the several Instructions given fore, and in regard iheconitant keeping and holding by the Crown to the Commissioners for the Government the Affixes, for the said County, r.t the said Town of of Chdfea I Iospital, concerning the admitting oflnvalids

Launceston, being but Two Miles within the County, as aforesaid, is so inconvenient and pnjudicial to by much the greatest Part of the said County, as aforesaid, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a BifJ, for explaining and amending the aforesaid Act, in such manner as the House fliaJ f Link fit.

And, the said Act being read;

Ordered, That Leave lie given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the First 1i ear of the Reign of his late Majesty King intituled, An Act

for holding the Assize for the County of Cormcall at a convenient Place within the said County: And that Mr. LarocheSir John llcaihcote> Mr. Thomas Till, and Mr.

1Eliot, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mcrcurii, 8° Februarii;

Anno n’ Georgii IP1 Regis, 1737 - Prayers.

Snrplufei. T* T R. Scrape presented to the House, pursuant to

JJVX their Address to his Majesty;

Sm plnfes, Hated at 1737: And also,

Surplufes, Hated at Michaelmas 1737.

Attd the Titles (hereof were read.

Ordered, That the said.Surplufcs do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Surplufes are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Payment of Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House, accord-kentj. ing to Order, a Bill for the more effectual securing the Payment of Rents, and preventing Frauds by Tenants: And the same was received; and read the First time. . Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed. .

Westminster The House being informed, that Mr. Davies, from

Collegiate the Dean and Chapter of West mi after, attended at the Church. jjonr.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account, /liewing bow the Money granted, the last Session of Parliament, for the Repair of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster,hath been disposed of.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upontheTable, to he perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Cornwall Mr. Laroche presented to the House, according to Assize. Order, a Bill to explain and.amend an Act, passed in the Fir A Year of (he Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An A el for holding the Assize for the County of Cormcall, at a convenient Place within the said County: And the same was received; and read the First time. Rejoiced, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon 'TucfJau Seven night.

.4

C!:e:ret Rcfdccd, That an humble Address be presented to lu»ii)ital. Ins Majriiy, I hat lie will be graciously pleased to give Directions, That a Copy of a Report, made to his.lats Majesty, in (lie First Year of his Reign, from the CflpH* niiflioiiers for the Government of his MajestyRoyal ioipiud »t Chelsea,relating to the Government thereof, 'may he laid before this House.

Vol.: 3.

to the said I iospital, may be laid before this I louse.

Ordered, That the said Addrefies be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Account of House, an Account of what Money has been saved upon Army vacant Commissions in tire Army, and by Respites upon fcaTin8‘-the Muller Rolls, for Seven Years last past; distinguisti-ing each Year; and how the same hath been applied.

Ordered, That Mr. Trefufis, Mr. Mr. Committee

foio, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. James Pelham, Mr. of Privilege*.

Mr. While. Mr. Laroche, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Mr.

Pitt, Sir John Shelly, Lord John Murray, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Mostyn, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Pearfe, Mr. Nod, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Lockwood, Mr.

Hucks, Mr. Robert Harley, Sir Henry Liddell, Mr. Forte/cue, Mr. Herbert, Sir Robert G Mr. Foley, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Hales, Sir Cor del Mr.

Fyddell, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Finch, Lord Lord Ei{Ron, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Coster, Sir Jermyn

Davers, Sir Jeremy Sambroke, Sir George Downing, Mr.

Digby, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Clayton, Sir Geo.

Mr. Bramflon, Mr. CopUfton, Mr. Henry

Gough, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Hoave, Mr. Hedivor/h, Mr.

Hume Campbell, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr.

Hooper, M r. Wollaston, M r. JFodehouse Mr. Kent, Lord

Charles Cavendish, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Bowes, be added

to the Committee of Privileges and Tied ions.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House ty Supply; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;, t The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Wav* whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for railing a"«l Mean*, the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. /

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turney reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, he was directed by the Committee to move That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue of the Cjock.

Jovis,90 die Febru;

Anno ix* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1737.

Pit A YEAS.

ABRA HAM Blydeflcyn took the Oaths appointed,

in order to his Naturalization.

' 1

Brigadier General Midlelon presented to the House, Aixrbrwhock according to Order, a Bill for laying a Dufy of Two IV ni es Scols,or Oije Sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon

II every

2 6 9° Februarii. A. 1737.

every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed Report and Instructions therein mentioned might be laid for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or fold, within before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; the Town of Aberbrothock, and Liberties thereof t And and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint the same was received; and read the First time. this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,

RThat an humble Address be presented to his Application Christehurch, Sir Francis Child reported from the Committee to Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di- *ro.ATy* treeu, t. whom the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Over- rections. That Copies of the several Applications made Stored seers of the Poor, Sidefman, Constable, Vestrymen, and to his Majesty for warl ike Stores, from any of his Ma-other the principal Parishioners and Inhabitants, of the jesty's Plantations in be laid before this House;

Parish of Chnf church, in the County of Middlesex, whose together with an Account how far the same have been

Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the granted.

Committee had examined the Matter of the saidPetition; That the said Address be presented to his

and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Place-, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s

Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do Eocounging viz- lay before this House, an Account of what Money has the Silk

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, been paid by them, by way of Allowance, for any Goods Manufacture.

examined the Matter thereof: of the Manufacture of this Kingdom, exported since

And, to prove the Allegations, the following Wit- the 45th Day of March 1742; in pursuance of an Act, nesses were called; viz. passed in the Eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign,

Me. Samuel Worrell, and Mr. John Johnson: Whose- for Encouragement of the Silk Manufacture of tins verally said, That Burglaries and Roberries are frequently Kingdom; distinguishing each Year, committed in the Streets of the Parish of Christchurch,

which they attribute to the W ant of a sufficient N umber Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from

of Lights in the said Streets, and of a strong Watch; for the Committee of the whole House to whom it was le- *nd Mean*, that, at present, there is only One Lamp to Eighteen ferred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Houses, and the Watch very irregular: Supply granted to his Majesty, the Refolntion which

That most of thejubftantial Inhabitants live in Courts, they had directed him to report to the House; which and there is no Law to compel them to pay towards he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the the present Lights. Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as

Mr. Adam Barlow, Constable, and Collector of the follows; viz.

Watch Rate, confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Sa- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, muel Wort'ell and Mr. Johu Johnson; And further said. That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty,

That a great Number of the Inhabitants refused to pay the Duties of Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by the said Kate. an Act of Parliament of the Tenth Year of his Majesty’s

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June 1738, the better enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes, be further continued and charged upon all Malt which Passages, and Courts; and for the better regulating the shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made or im-nightly Watch, and Beadles; within the Parish of Chrifi- ported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for church, in the County of Middlesex: And that Sir Fran- sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the

cis Child, Sir Charles Moi'daunt, and Mr. Pulteney, do 23d Day of June 1738, to the 24th Day of June 1739. prepare, and bring in, the fame. The said Resolution, being road a StKiond time, was,

upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Accounts of Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do House. muited this House, an Account of the Quantity of Iron Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Re-

*>° ' imported into this Kingdom, from Christmas X735 to solution: And that Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Chancellor

Christmas 1736,from foreign Countries;, with the Duties of the Exchequer, Mr. Dodington, the Lord Mr.

payable thereon, and how much the same amounted to; Mr. Earle, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. So-

distinguishing each Country. licitor General, Mr. Scrope, and Mr. Edward Walpole,

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do do prepare, and bring in, the lame, lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of

Iron, in Bars, Pigs, or Sows, imported into this King- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for punishing dom from the Plantations; distinguishing each Species, punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Mutiny *n4 with the Duties payable thereon, and how much the same Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Desertion. amounted to; from Christmas 1735 to Christmas 1736; Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Edward Walpole, and Mr. distinguishing each Plantation. Pelham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of A petition of the Merchants of the City of and Linen

wrought Iron, and Iron in Bars, exported to the Planta- oth Dealer8 in lhe Manufaaures of Linens, Threads, Mtnuftaure.

lions, from Christmasim to C 1736; distm- and Tapes> made in Great Britain and Ireland, whose

guishing each Plantation. Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the

Account of Ordered, That the Commissioners of Excise do lay be-Excise on fore ^is House, an Account of the Duty which has been Bingham/ received by Excise on Beer and Ale fold in Birmingham Division, in the County of Warwick, for Six Years last pail; distinguishing each Year.

Bruningk’s Mr. Horfnumden Turner presented to the House, ac-Icc. Nat. cording to Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Justin Bruningk, Peter Untzcllman, and Henry Klencke: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Answer to Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their

AUrofica. Addresses of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be gra- with manybeneficial Consequences; particularly, as some cioully pleased to give Directions, that Copies of the Thoufandsofufelefs Handsin both the said Kingdoms, who 15 now

riouie, ana reaa 1 letting tortn, 1 nat the Manufactures of Linens, Threads, and Tapes, within the said Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, have, of late Years, been considerably improved and increased, and have produced a comfortable Support to great N umbers of poor Families in both the said Kingdoms; and that, if proper Encouragement was given to the fame, such Manufactures might be brought to so great a Perfection, as to equal, at least, which they do now in some Species, if not excel, all the like Manufactures of foreign Fabrick now imported into these Kingdoms; wherebytheConsumption tfatreof might be greatly increased at home, as well as extended to Parts beyond the Seas; which would be attended


11 Geo. II.

90 — iod F

now want Business, might be employed therein; Children, as well as Men and Women, almost of all Ages, being fit and able to carry on fitch Manufactures: And that the said Manufactures now labour under foveral Discouragements; but, more particularly, on account of the Drawbacks, allowed on Exportation of foreign Linens, Threads, and Tapes, by means whereof considerable Quantities have been, and ft ill are, sent from hence, to Parts beyond the Seas, to the great Hindrance of the Consumption of our own Produce and Manufactures: And therefore praying the House to take into Consideration this valuable Branch of Trade, which is of the greatest Consequence to both the said Kingdoms; and to give such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and Hate to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition.

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman , Lord

Limerick, Mr. Vere, Mr. Lyttelton, Lord John Sackville, Lord Sun don, Mr. WalpoMr. Mr. Edward

Walpole, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Mr. Fox,

Lord Gage, Mr. Sandys, Mr. lonel Bladen, Sir Wm. Ileathcote, Mr. Mr. Treby, Mr.

Herbert, Lord Boyne, Colonel Mr. Alderman

Heathcole, Mr. Oglethorpe., Mr. Watts, Mr. Archer, Sir Wm. Gage, Mr. Hervey, Sir Codrington, Mr.

Mr. Maijter, Mr. CornetvMr. Hooper, Lord bury, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Brampfion, Mr. Fall, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Fitz Roy, Mr. Hampden, Lord Polxvarth, Sir Thomas Aston, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Hunger-ford, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Alderman Perry. Mr. George Fox, Sir Charles Gilmour, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Mr. Conolly, Mr. Shuttleioorth, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Scawen, Colonel Onjlozo, Lord Barrymore, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Mr. and all the Merchants of the House .* And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all that come are to have Voices: And the Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Accounts of The House being informed, that some of the Com* Land Tax missioners for Taxes attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were (landing out at Chri/l-mas last; with the Names of the respective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year; and what Proceedings have been had, to compel the Payment thereof: And also,

An Account of what Arrears of Duties upon Houses were standing out at Christmas last, with the Names of the respective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year; and what Proceedings have been had, to compel the Payment thereof:

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 10° die Februarii;

Anno li* Georgii lldi Regis, 1737.

Prayers.

SI R Francis Child reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Vicar of the Parish of St> Leonard in Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex; and

of others, the Trustees, appointed by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Eighth Year of his present Vol. 23.

Arrears, Sec.

It Lcnmrd lloreditch Church.

27

Majesty’s rteign, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of St.Leonard, Shoreditch, in the Coun

ty of Middlesex; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: "Where the same was read; and is as follows;

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, in order to prove the Allegations thereof;

The Petitioners laid before the Committee the Act of Parliament mentioned in the said Petition; whereby it appeared. That the several Funeral Rates and Duties, mentioned in a certain Indenture, bearing Date the 'Eighth Day of April 1735, made between the Vicar of the said Parilli, of the One Part; and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the same Parish, of the other Part; should be collected, levied, and paid, in the said Parish, for the Burial of any Person, in the manner therein mentioned.

And the Trustees, in the said Act mentioned, are impowered to receive and take the several Rates and Duties contained in the said Indenture; the Whole whereof are to be appropriated for the Payment of certain Annuities, by the said Act granted, for the rebuilding the said Church.

Then the Petitioners laid before the Committee the said Indenture, inrolled in the High Court of Chancery, which appeared to be nothing more than a Deed, under the Hands and Seals of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, to testify and declare, what had been anciently and accuftoraably the several ecclesiastical Rates and Duties, payable on all Accounts, within the said Parilli; fothat not only the Fu-neral Rates and Duties, payable to the Parilli, but like-wife those due to the Vicar, Clerk, and Sexton, are contained therein; by which means the whole Rates and Duties are appropriated for the Purposes of the said Act.

Then the Reverend Dr. Denne, Vicar of the said Pa? ri(h, being examined, said. That it never was his own, nor, in all Probability, could be the Intention of the Parilli, That the Rates and Duties payable to himself. Clerk, and Sexton, lliould be made applicable for the Rebuilding of the said Church; but that the Appropriation of the same proceeded from an Overlight: And, to prove that it was never the Intention of the Parish, he laid before the Committee the Report of the 14th of February 1734> of the Committee appointed by publick Vestry to consider of proper Means for rebuilding of the said Church; which Report was agreed to in publick Vestry; and by which it appeared, That only the Income ar'ifing to the said Parish for customary Fees, or Duties at Funerals, as for Ground, Bells, Palls, SCc. were to be appropriated for the Payment of the said Annuities, to be raised by the said Act.

And the said Dr. Denne farther said, That the Act of the Eighth of his present Majestjr was founded on the said Report.

And that it could never be imagined, That the Vicar of the said Parish should part withfo large a Share of his Living, as near One third Part of it; the Profits of the Living being about £. 140 per Annall which, within

£. 20. arises out from Fees and Offerings; and of that Sum, full Seventy Pounds did arise from Burial Fees, One Year with another: Or that the Sexton and Clerk should part with much the greater Part of their whole Living, which they have done, as the Witness apprehends, as the Act now standsjtherebeingnoDiftinftion made of the Fees due to them, or the said Parish; for that the said Indenture,which comprehends all their Fees, is, in general, referred to by the said Act, which appropriates all of them to the Rebuilding of the said Church.

That by the said Act, it also appeared to the Committee, That in case the said Funeral Rates and Duties should be deficient to pay the Annuities, amounting to

£. 680 per Annum, thereby granted, such Deficiency was

to be i'upplied by an Assessnaent, to be made on all Lands,

Tenements,

a8


0° Februarit.

A. 1737.

Tenements, and Hereditaments; but no such AlfefT- Powers granted by the (bid Act, for the Purposes there-ment can be made, till such Deficiency does happen; in mentioned ;and that the Petitioners may he thereby which cannot appear, till after the Annuities are actually enabled, by the like Ways and Means, to raise such far-due, and ought to be paid; and till an Account is ta~ ther Sums of Money as shall be necessary for the feve-kenof the Funeral Rates and Duties received; -which ral Purposes aforesaid; or by such other Ways and Annuities are, by the said Act, directed to be paid quar- Means, as to the House shall seem meet, terly 5 by which means, as appeared by the Evidence of, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the William Tillard Esquire, Treasurer to the Trustees, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-he is unable, for Want of Money, to pay the Annuities on the Quarter-days, as they become due; nor does he know by what Powers, in the present Act, the said Deficiency can be immediately supplied; the said Funeral Hates and Duties amounting to no more than between Eighty and ^N inety Pounds per Annum

it-

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Colonel Onfioxc, Mr. Mr.

P, Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. IIucks, Mr. Mr. Corbett, Mr. Mr.

Bowles, Mr. Earle, Mr. Mr. Dennis, Mr. Har-

That, by the said Act of Parliament, it likewise ap- Mr. Mr. Mr. Sir Thomas

peared. That the Trustees therein named are enabled to Hales, Mr. Williams, Mr. Hales, Mr.

raise£. 8,000 upon Annuities for Life, not exceeding , Mr. Sir James Grant, Sir Francis

the Rate of £.8. io.r. 0 d.per Annum, for every Hundred Child, Sir Mr. Robert Mr.

Pound; nor, in the Whole, the Sum of £. 680 per An- Mr. Brereton, Mr. Dr. Butler, Mr.

num. Then the Petitioners called,

Mr. Scot, Clerk to the Trustees: Who said, That he apprehended the/. 8,000 allowed to be raised, will be insufficient for the Purposes intended; £.7,794. 125. id.

mius, Mr. Lord , Mr. Bra ftMr.

Cnffe, Mr.; and all the Members who serve

for the County of Surrey, and for the City of London And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the having already been laid out, or contrafted for, includ- Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to ing incidental Charges, as appeared by an Account he fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, delivered in; so there remained only £.205. 7r. \od.of

the £.8,000, which was far from suficient to supply the Charges that still remained; the Vestry-room and Parish Clerk's House not being yet built, and several other Charges not provided for.

He further informed the Committee, That the Trustees had raised £. 5,725. ior. which was at the Rate

of £. 8 per Cent, or less; and the greatest Part thereof was by granting. Annuities on Lives, on Persons of Sixty Years of Age, or upwards; by which means a larger Sum than £. 8,000 and suficient to answer all the Pur

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for pimifliing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the l'irft time.

Rifolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Punilliing

Mutiny and Desertion.

S\r Charles Turner presented to the House, accord- Supply Bill} ing to Order, a Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great

Duties on Malt, 4*c.

poses wanted, might be raised. without burdening the Britain called England-, and for granting to his Majes-Parish with more than the original Sum of £.680 perty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry,

Annum; which by the Restrictions of the present Act, the Trustees are not able to do.

And, by the Account produced, it appeared. That the Annuities already granted amount to £.451. 10s. od. so that there remained £. 228. ior. od. Annuities still to be sold; which, at only £. 8 per Cent, will raise

in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year 1738: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their £. 2,876. 10. od. by which means the Money in the Address of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be gra-whole raised, will amount to£. 8,582, but no more than cioufty pleased to give Directions, that Copies of the fe-£. 680 yearly to be paid, which was the original Sum in- veral Applications therein mentioned might be laid be-tended to be granted, for only £. 8,000. fore this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this explain and amend an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of House, that he will give Directions accordingly, his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for re-

Answer to Atldiefc.

Rotherhith

Church.

building the Parish Church of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex: And that Sir Francis Child, Colonel Onslow, and Mr do prepare,

and bring in, the feme.

A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and Pa-

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, Oneof the Third, and the other of the Tenlh, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, King George the First, for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counters Bridge, which lies in the Parish of Kensington,

Kensington, &c. Uoail*

rishioners, of the Parish Church of St. Mary, Rotherhith, in the County to the Powder in the

in the County of Surry,whose Names are thereunto sub-

feribed, was presented to the House and read; setting forth. That, in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, the Petitioners obtained an Act of Parliament, to enable them, by certain Funeral Rates, therein mentioned, to frnish their Parish Church; which has been since done, by the Aids thereby granted; but

Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the said County, in the Road to Co! neb rendu-, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Thai by the said Acts, several Tolls and Duties were granted, continued, and made payable, for the several Terms therein mentioned, for repairing the said Highways, which arc the great Roads leading to the Western Parts of this Kingdom:

that, as the Inhabitants of the said Parish have greatly And that the Petitioners finding the said Highways in a

increased since the said Act was obtained, and are daily increasing, the Petitioners are obliged to purchase a Piece of Ground, for an additional Burial Ground for the said Parish: And that the Steeple of the said Church is so very old and ruinous, that it requires to be taken down, and rebuilt; and, by that means, the Petitioners

very ruinous Condition, and the annual Income not being suficient, they have been obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money, in order to put the same into Repair: And that the Sum of Seven thousand Pounds, principal Money, so borrowed, is now due; which, with the Income of the said Tolls collected, hath been duly

will have an Opportunity of enlarging their said Church, paid for the Intrreft of the Money borrowed, and ap-at a moderate Expence; but cannot raise Money fuf- plied in repairing the said Highways: And therefore, in fieient for such the said several Pujrposes, without Aid of regard the Money now due and owing, on the Credit of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be the fnbfifting Term, which expires the ill of July 1745, given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and cannot be repaid, and the said Highways, being Twelve

>: . ... Mile?

Natrt/s

Debts.

11 Geo. IL 10° Feb 19

Miles in Length, be effectually mended, and kept in first happen, to be held for the City of , next af-

good Repair, for the future, without the Aid of a further ter Thirty Days from the Date of the said Notice; in or* Act of Parliament, praying, That Leave may be given der that the said Hugh Naish might be obliged to deliver to bring in a Bill, for enlarging the Term and Powers in, upon Oath, and Subscribe, a Schedule of his Estate granted and given by the said former Acts, for to long and EfTefts, to be vetted, assigned, and equally divided. Time, and in such Manner, as to the House diall seem for the Benefit of his Creditors, pursuant to the Directions

meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Francis Child, Lord Chctioynd, Mr. Harley, Mr. Hticks. Sir Wm. , Mr.

tleworth, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Treby, Mr. Fere, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Cojler, Mr. , Mr. Robert

Huchs, Mr. Falle, Sir Jo/. PenninMr. liobinfon. Lord Sundon, Mr. Bramston, Mr. llungerford, Sir Roger Bradjhaigh, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. , Sir James Grant, Mr. BayntunRoll, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

May, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Yates, Mr. Archer, Mr. rtajion, Mr. Comeioall, Mr. RLord Sidney Beau-

clerk, Mr. ()lwins, Mr. Alderman JVillimott, Mr. house, Sir Cordell Firebrace; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of MiddlefeBerks, Southampton,

and Wills: Arid they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five

of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Thomas Gibson Esquire, James Francis,

Henry Williams, Roger Williams, and others, whoseNames are t Hereunto fubl'cribed. Creditors of Hugh Naish, late a Prisoner for Debt, in the Prison of the Fleet, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Hugh yaish, having become indebted to the Petitioners, and other Persons, in very large Sums of Money, in order to avoid Payment thereof, and to defraud the Petitioners, and his other Creditors, on the 2qth Day of June 1731, becamea Prisoner for Debt in the Fleet Prison, and there remained, till on or dbout the 23d Day of July 1737; That, by an Act made ill the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, reciting. That several Persons, who were Prisonersfor Debt, chose rather to confftlue in Prison, and spend their Substance there, than discover and deliver up to their Creditors their Estates and Effects, in order to the Satisfaction of their just Debls, it was Enacted, That it should and might be lawful, to and for any One or more of the Creditors of any Prisoner, committed fi nee the ill Day of January 1730, at whose Suit he or flte was detained ifl Prison on the ill Day of January 1736, upon Thirty Days Notice in Writing, to be given to such Prisoner, and the Person in whose Custody he or she was detained, to require the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of the Prison, wherein such Prisoner was detained, to bring such Prisoner before the Justices, at their next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for their respective County, Riding, Division, City, Town, or Liberty; together with a Copy or Copies of the Cause or Causes of his or her Detainer; and such Prisoner, coming before such Justices,at the said General or Quarter Sessions, should, at the Desire of any One or more of his or her Creditors, at whose Suit he or Hie should appear to be detained, be obliged to deliver in, upon Oath, and subscribe, a Schedule of his or her Estate and Effects, to be veiled, assigned, and equally divided, for the Benefit of his or her Creditors, in such manner, as by the said Act is directed; and that, in pursuance of the said .'ft, on or about the 9th Day of July last, several of the Petitioners, at whose respective Suits the said Hugh Naish then was, and had, from belore the ift Day of January 173b, been a Prisoner lor Debt, in the said Fled Prison, cauftd Notice in Writing to be given to the said Naish, and likewise to the Warden of the Fled Prison, in whose Custody the said H Naish then was, to have the said Hugh Naish brought belore the Justices, at their next G enera 1 or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which should Vot. 23.

of the said Act; and that the Petitioners likewise caused Notice thereof to be published in the London Gazette, as by the said Act is required; and that the said Hugh Naish was, at the Time of paffnig the said Act of Parliament, seised and possessed of, or entitled to, a real and personal Estate, sufficient to pay and satisfyall the just Debts due and owing from him to his Creditors: That nevertheleft the said Hugh Naish,with Intent to elude the said Act of Parliament, and to cheat and defraud his Creditors of their just Debts, after such Notice to him and the said Warden of the Fleet given, and published in the London Gazette, as aforesaid, escaped out of the said Prison of the Fleet, and fled beyond the Seas, where he now re-fides; so that the Petitioners, and the other Creditors of the said Hugh Naish, are, by such Escape, prevented from obtaining an Assignment of his Estate and Effects, to be divided amongst them, according to the Directions of the said Act of Parliament: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for veiling the real and personal Estate of the said Hugh Naish, to be assigned and equally divided, for the Benefit of his Creditors, in such manner as the same would have been liable, in case the said Hugh Naish had submitted to the Directions of the said Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referredto Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr.

Fenwick, Mr. Scawen, Lord Che/wynd, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Conolly, Sir JoJ. Pennington, Mr. Treby, Mr.

Woll'iston, Mr. Bance, Mr. Walker, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Whitioorth, Mr. Foley, Sir John , Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Delmt, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr.

Bowes, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. llungerford. Lord Mayor of

London, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Earle, Mr.

Talbot, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Houblon, Mr.

Sloper, Sir Thomas Read, Sir WmHeathcote, Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Papillon, Colonel Mordaunt, Colonel Liddell, Mr Bra fey, Mr. Ilucks, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Bayntun Rolf, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Archer, Mr. For, Mr. Cor-

bett, Sir Thomas Saunderfon, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Hooper, Mr. More, Mr. Drummond, Mr.

Pollen, Mr. Leivis, Dr. Butler, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Boone:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Account of House, An Account of the Quantities of foreign Linens, Cam bricks, Cambricks, Lawns, Threads, wrought Incles, and Tapes, f1 - and ln

_ an 11 , if Linens, iiu*

imported into that Part of Great Britain called Eng- ported, &c. land, from Christmas 1724, to Chr if mas 1736; with an Account of the Duties paid for the fame, within the same Time; distinguishing each Species and Year, and from what Countries imported.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, An Account of the Quantities of foreign Linens, Cambricks, I^wns, Threads, wrought Incles, and Tapes, that have been re-exported, from Clirifmas 1714, to Chrifmas 1736; together with an Account of the Drawbacks paid thereon; distinguishing each Species and Year; and to what Countries re-exported.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, An Account of the Quantities of Linens imported into that Part of Great Britain cal e«i

I England,

3°

England, from Christmas 1724, to 1736; di-

ftinguishing each Species and Year.

Account of Ordered, That the Commissioners, appointed by his Scotch Majesty’s Letters Patent, for improving the Fisheries Ben*’ and Manufactures of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, do lay before this House, An Account of the Linens, damped in Scotland for Sale, from the ift Day of November 1728, to the lftDay of November 1737.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1738, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Tumer took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they bad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they - may have Leave to fit again.

'Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Way* Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

and M«an<. >Dg next» resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raiGng the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lung, 13* die Tebruarii \

Anno 11? Georgii IIil Regis, 1737.

Praters.

*tOHN JitJlin Bruningk, Peter and

J Henry Klenckc, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Aberbro- A Bill for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One shock Har- Sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of ur’ c* Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or fold, within the Town of

brothock, and Liberties thereof, was read a Second

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Brigadier Mtdleton, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Hay, Sir James Mr.

Mr. Plumer, Mr. Treby, Mr. Mr. Danvers, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Knight, Mr. Vere, Mr. Revell, Mr. Drummond, Lord Palmerston, Mr. Biffe, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Shuttleworlh, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Wm. llcathcote. Mr. Chaffin, Mr. Parsons, Lord tearth; and all the Members who serve {or North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

ftigful’a Mr. Bevan presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Philip Rigail: And the same was received; and read the First. time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A. 1737.

A Bill for naturalizing John Jufin Bruningk, Peter Bruningk*, Untzellman, and Henry Klencke, was read a Second &c- bat. time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hors-monden Turner, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Alderman Mr. Earle, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Treby, Mr. Mr.

Hungerford, Mr. Hay, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Vere, Mr.

Archer, Mr. Clutterbuck, Lord Harry Powlett, Lord

Limerick, Lord Sundon, Mr. Bayntun Roll, Mr. ville, Mr. Brereton, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Papillon, Mr.

Holden, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Balle, Mr. Brajfey, Sir John Heathcote, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Sir Geo. Wynne, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Plumptre, Mr.

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Corbett, Lord NoelSomerset, Mr. Crojfe, Sir James Grant, Mr. Medlycott, Brigadier Handafyd, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Shuttleicorih,

Mr. Hales, Mr. Plumer: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Supply Bill; Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England-, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland-, for the Service of the Year 1738; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for Punishing the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; Mutiny and was read a Second time. Daemon.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whose House.

J?r/o/red, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Inrolment allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees And that Mr.

Winnington, Mr. Plumtre, and Mr. Henry Archer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Estimate of Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di- Building regions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, p*’ c‘ an Estimate of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships for the Year 1738.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Bill for the more effectual securing the Payment Payment of of Rents, and preventing Frauds by Tenants, was read RenU-a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumer, Mr. Wm. Plumer, Mr. Nailh's Richard Plumer, Mr. White, Mr. Myddelton Mr. Henry Archer, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Bevan, Sir Wager,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Crojfe, and Captain Eyles, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of Thomas Gibfon Esquire, James Francis, Henry Williams, Roger Williams, find others, whose

Names

io° — 130 Februarii.

ir Geo. IL 13° — 140

Names are thereunto ftibfcnher?, Creditors of Hugh Kaifh, late a Prisoner for Debt in the Prison of the Fleef, is referred.

Supply. Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Vras referred, to eonfider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed (dm to report to the House; which he read in his P! :ice; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

W here the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Refohcd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Twenty-five thousand Nine hundred Eighty-two Pounds and Seven Pence Half petty, be granted to his Majesty, for main-tai ling It is Majesty’s Forces and Garisons in the Plantations, Minorca, and; and for Provisions for the Garisons at Annapolis Royal, Canso, Placentia, and Gibraltar; for the Year 1738.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-foven thousand Nine hundred and Ten Pounds Seven Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for Out Pensioners of Cheffea Hospital, for the Year 1738.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fourteen thousand Three bundl ed Ninety-five Pounds Four Shillings and SixPence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying several extraordinary Expences and Services incurred Anno 1737, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Twenty-two thousand Eight hundred Eighty-five Pounds Twelve Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half pay to Sea Officers, for the Year 1738.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Improving Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to ^n'svot'and ^is Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give aD Directions, that a Copy of the Ixtters Patent, granted by his Majesty, in Pursuance of an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for encouraging and promoting Fisheries, and ether Manufactures and Improvements, in that Part of Great Britain called Sche laid before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Direfriotis, that Copies of the several Reportsand Repre-fentations, laid before his Majesty, by the Commissiotiers and Trustees for managing the Fisheries, and other Manufactures and Improvements, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,belaid before this House; together with an Account of what Alterations have been made in the Plan or Method established for encouraging the said Fisheries anti Manufactures.

Ordered, That the said Addresses he presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s rnoft honourable Privy Council.

Blydefteyn’* A Bill for naturalizing Abraham was read

Rat* a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Willimott, Mr. L Mr. Archer, Mr. Plu-

nier, Mr. Vere, I»rd Sandon, Mr. Earle, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Bathurj), Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. worth, Mr. Watts, Mr. Mr. Knight, Mr.

Owen, Captain Gough, Sir James Grant, Lord Gage, Mr. Shutflewvth, Mr Lord Mr.

Winnington, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. May, Si

Long, Mr Danvers, Mr. Kinafon, Mr. Tower: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Rothvrhiih Ordered, That Brigadier Mr. Ilay, Mr.

Chuah. Vat. 23.

Februarii. 3 r

Dodington, Captain Owen, Brigadier Midleton, and Mr Smelt, he added to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and Parishioners, of the Parish Church of St. Mary in the County of Surrey, is referred.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonfider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1738, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, {hewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1737 hath been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads, until the 2d Day of February 1737-8, and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied; with the Deficiency thereupon t be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the State of the yearly Revenue and Expence of Greenwich Hospital, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, {hewing how much Money has been received by the Trealiirer of the said Hospital, from Chrifmas. 1736, to Christmas 1737, and how the same has been applied, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonfider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon F Mora- Ways

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Meana. House, to eonfider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 14* die Februa; Anno n* Georgii IIai Regis, 1737.

Praters.

A PETITION of the Freeholders, Copyholders, and Caftt* Boa-other Owners and Proprietors of divers Horseand nington Stint Bead Pastures, and Sheep Commons, within the Town, of Pasture. Parish, or Precincts, of Castle Donnington, in the County of Leicester, in the behalf of them selves, and several others. Freeholders, Copyholders, and other Owners and Proprietors of Horse and Bead Pastures, and Sheep Commons, in Cafle Donnington aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That within the said Town or Parish of Cafle Donnington, there are divers open and common Pastures, called by the Names of the Bead Pastures, containing about Four hundred and Ninety Acres; upon which, the Petitioners and others have a Right to Nine hundred and Forty-one Horse Gates, or Bead Pastures, at their Election, from May Day in every Year, until the 1 ith Day of November and that the Petitioners and others have also a Right to Four thousand Seveu hundred and Five Sheep Commons in the common

3*

14* Februa

A. 1757.

and open Fields of Castle Donning/on aforesaid every Year, at open Time; and also upon the said common Pastures, called the Beast Pastures, from the Friday before Saint lake's Day, until the 24th Day of February in every Year; but that the said Horse or Beast

into Consideration, and to give the Petitioners Leave to bring in a Bill for the more effectual Draining and Preserving of the said Fen Grounds, in such manner, aa to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con* Pastures, and the said Sheep Commons, are not suffi- sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine oient to support and maintain so large a Stock of Cattle the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall ap-thereon; and that the said common Pastures and Sheep pear to them, to the House.

Commons, by reason of such great Over-charge, are but And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Bromley,

of little Benefit unto the Petitioners and others, that Mr. Mr. Mr. Sir Nathanael

have such Right of Pasturage or Common Right there Curzon, Mr. More, Mr. , Mr. Baynlun Roll, Mr.

for their Cattle and Sheep; and that the same cannot Boone, Mr. , Mr. Mr. Cornewall, Mr.

be rendered of any considerable Benefit, but by reduc- , Mr. Hay, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Tracy, Mr.

ing the same to a less Stint; an Agreement for which, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Treby, Mr Mr.

by reason of the various Circumstances of the Persons May, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Wardour, Sir Jof. Eyles, Mr. and of their Estates, who have an Interest therein, ney, Mr. Lejlie, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Earle, Sir Wm. cannot be firm and effectual without the Aid and worth, Mr. Carmichaell, Mr. Lindefay, Mr. Sir

Assistance of Parliament: And therefore praying, that Herbert Pakington, Mr. Lewis, Sir Robert Mcmro, Sir I^ave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes Hum. Hmoorth, Mr. Brereton, Mr. , Mr.

aforesaid. , Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Drummond, Colonel

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Onslow, Mr. Hoare, Sir Francis Boynton, SivWm. Heath-Consideration of aCommittee: And that they do examine cote, Mr. Shultleworth, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Mr. the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall ap- Olmius, Mr. Owen, Captain Owen, Mr. Mr.

pear to them, to the House. Laroche, Lord Wallingford, Mr. Dalle, Sir

And it is referred to Mr. Plumptre, Sir Nathanael ner. Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Pollen, Mr. ParJ'ons, Curzon, Mr. Plnmer, Mr. Wm.Plumer, Mr. Henry Mr. Mr. , Mr. Ross, Mr. Affleck,

01

WoKfSet

Qiarch of \USiiuU.

Sir James Grant, Sir Jof. Pennington, Sir Roger -Jhaigh, Mr. Glanville, Sir John Morgan, Sir Cordell Firebrace, Mr. Bathurjt, Dr. Butler, Kir. Clutterbuck; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, and Lincoln: And they are to Shuttleworth, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr. Balle, Mr. meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speak-Bromley, Mr. Vyner, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Laroche, er’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Perl'ous, Nlr.Croffl, Mr Hungerford, Mr. Richard Plumer, Sir Papers, and Records.

Hum. Howarth, Sir James Grant, Mr. Holden, Lord

Archer, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. White, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Mr. Boone, Mr. Lawton, Mr. Tracy, Sir Geo. Cafwull, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Kinafton, Sir Wm.Heathcote, Mr. Bradjh, Mr. , Mr. Arf-

cott, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Mr.

Sidney Beauclerk, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Pigott, Sir Roger Braidjhaigh, Mr. May, Mr. Hooper, Sir Cordell Firebrace, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Sandys, Sir Richard Corbett, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Archer, Mr. Hay, Mr. Drummond, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Hoxce, M Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Ashe, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Owen, Lord Wallingford, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Edward Kynaston; and all the Members who

Ordered, That Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Compton, Mr. Kenfiagtoa, Dawkins, Sir Robert Abdy, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Sir &c. Road. Chr. Powell, Mr. Crojfe, and Mr. Parker, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution two Acts of Parliament, one of the Third, an a the other of the Tenth, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the

serve for the Counties of IjciceJleTand Derby: And they Highways from that Part of Bridge, which

are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Dunwich

Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for

lies in the Parish of Kensington, in the County of dlesex, to the Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the said County, in the Road to Colnebrooke, is referred.

Red more Fen Drainage.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors/ whose Names are thereunder subscribed, of the several Fen

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House to whom it was re-the Borough of Dunwich, in the County of Sujfblk, in ferred, to consider further of the Supply granted to his the room of Sn Orlando BridgejnanBaronet; who, since Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him

his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and Office of Governor of his Majesty’s Island of Barbadoes. afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the fame tvere read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-nine thousand Grounds, lying in Redmore, Waterden, and Cawdle, Fens, Seven hundred and Twenty-three Pounds Six Shillings and of One Piece of Fen Ground, called the Holts in and Three Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Ely, within the Ille of Ely and County of Cambridge, Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, the Year 1738.

That the said several Fen Grounds contain together, in Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Whole, Eight hundred and Fifty Acres, or there- That a Sum not exceeding Six thousand Two hundred abouts, and have, for several Years last past, been, and and Ninety-five Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four still are, overflown with Waters, through Defett of their Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the ex-Outfalls to Sea; by reason whereof, the same are in Dan- traordinary Expence of the Office of Ordnance for Land ger of being utterly loft, to the great Damage and Im- Service, not provided for by Parliament, poverishment of the Petitioners, and of the Inhabitants Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

of the said Town of Ely, wherein the said Fen Grounds That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-eight thousand do lie^ and that, notwithstanding the Powers and Pro- Three hundred Twenty-one Pounds Four Shillings and visions uow in Force for draining and keeping the same Eleven Pence Three Farthings, be granted to his Ma-dry, the same cannot be preserved without the further jesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants, for Aid of Parliament to enable the Petitioners to preserve the Service of the Year 1737.

and keep the same drained for the future; by which Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, means, great Benefit will not only accrue to the Pub- That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be lick, but much Profit and Advantage to the Petitioners: granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards the Sup-Ami therefore praying the House to take the Premises port of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better

Main-

Supply.

iiGeo. II. i4# — 15*

Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepid in the Service of their Country.

The said Refutations, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Vforcester A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and princi-

AUaMattf Inhabitants, of the Parish of All Saints, in the City of Worcester,was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Parochial Church of All Saints aforesaid is a very ancient Building,containing in Length One hundred and Five Foot, and in Breadth Sixty Foot, built with Sand-stone; and is, by Reason of its Antiquity, become in so ruinous a Condition, and the Walls thereof are so shaken and declined from their proper Positions, that, some time pa|t, a great Part of the Tower of the said Church fell down, and in time of divine Service; and that a considerable Part of the said Church hath been already taken down; by Reason whereof no divine Service hath been performed in the said Church, for about Twelve Months lad pad*, and that, notwithstanding the said Inhabitants have, within a few Years lad pad, laid out and expended, in endeavouring to support the said Church, above the Sum of Three hundred and Fifty Pounds, yet the said Church is so decayed, that the same is incapable of being repaired, but mud be rebuilt, or other wise a good Part of the said Church, which is now danding, will, in a short time, inevitably fall; and that the Parishioners of the . said Pari 111 are not of themselves able to bear the Expence of taking down, and new eroding, the said Church, nnlefs a Fund be established for raising the fame, by small Payments, from an annual Tax, or Duty: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Rill, not only to take down and rebuilJ the said Church, but also to raise such a Sum of Money, for taking down and rebuilding the fame, and for granting such Annuities, or other Securities, for the Repayment thereof, for such time, and in such manner, as to the House shall seem most meet and agreeable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sandys, Mr. , Mr.

Lockicood, Mr. ShuttleworlhLord Limerick, M r.

Mr. Brereton, Mr. Longncville, Mr. Mr.

nington, Mr. CroJJe, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Tracy, Mr Mr. Henry Archer, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Herbert, Mr.

house, Mr. Boone, Mr. IIucks, Mr. Walker, Sir !Tm. Ileathcote, Sir John Mr. Plumer, Mr. Way, Sir Nathanael Curzon,- Mr. Scat Sir Francis Child, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Bold, Mr. Bcvan, Mr. Edward Kynaston, Mr. Houblon, Sir Geo. Mr. Hay, Mr.

Glanville; and al 1 the Members who serve for t he County of Worcester'. And they are to meet this Afternppn at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:. And, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

. t

Manufacturt A Petition of several Merchants, Iron-matters, and Iron-of Iron io mongers, in the City'of was presented to the

tiouflanto" House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are very sensible of a, man i fed Decay in the Iron-trade, to the great Detriment not only of the I ton-makers, and Manufacturers, of which lad many Thousand Families are, supported, by making.Goods for Exportation only, but to the Prejudice of Gentlemen possessed of Woodlands, and to the Traders in, and Exporters of, all Sorts of Iron Wares; and that the Petitioners pre apprehensive, that this Decay ariles chiefly from Bar-iron, made and manufactured in our American Colonies; which, if not season-ably discouraged, may prove of the utmost Consequence to the aforesaid valuable Branch of Trade in Great Britain: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Vol. 23.

Februarii. 3 3

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committeelo whom the Petition of the Ironmongers and Manufacturers of Iron in the Towns of Birmingham, Wolverhampton, Stourbridge, and Dudley, and the Parts adjacent, in the Counties of Warwick,

Stafford, and Worcester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Punishing whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Mutiny nd Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. -

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue of the Clock.

Mercurii, 150 die Februarii j

Anno u* Georgii II" Regis, 1737.

Praters.

R D E R E D, That a Committee be appointed to Expiring inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; i*aw* and to report their Opinion to the Hppfe, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued:

And it is referred to Mr. Hooper, Mr. Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General,

Mr. Alderman Pern/, Mr. Wyndham, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. AJlte, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Talbot,

Mr. Plumer, Mr. Bromln/, Lord John Mr.

Harley, Mr. Baylt)-, Colonel Onjloiv, Mr. Kent, Mr. cy, Mr Smell,^Mr. Thomas Tower, Mr. Buynlon Roll,

'Mr. Lockwoods Sir John Peachy, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr. Plumptre, Mr.

Scawen, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Brerehn, Sir James Grant,

Mr. Papillon, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Tower, Mr. Walpole,

Mr. Gore 1 and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Francis Child presented to the House, according to Ch-ift-chmth Order, a Bill for the better enlightening the open Places

Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts , and for the better regulating the nigh,tly Watch, and Beadles; within the Parish of Christ-church, in the County of And the same was.received; and reiid the Fir(t time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Horfmonden Turner reported from the Committee Broningk’s, to whom the Bill for naturalizing John JuJlin Bruningk, h'*t. Peter Vntiellman, and Henry Klewas committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the CommitUe had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Aofww* Addresses of Monday last. That his Majesty would be gra- Adressw. ciously pleased to give Directions, That the Estimate, and Copies of the Letters Patent, and of the several Reports and Representations, therein ’mentioned, might be laid

K. before

34

before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

150 — j 6* Februarii.

A. 1737.

jfovts, 16* die Februarii \

Anno u* Georgii II41 Regis, 1737.

St Leonard Shoreditch Church.

Sir Francis Child presented to the House, according to Order, a Rill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of St. Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of MiddleJ'ex: And

the same was received-, and read the First time.

Bifoloed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Iron imported.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

PitAYtas.

THE Huufe being informed. That Mr. Oxcnford, Accounts of from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

The Return of the Commissioners of the Customs to Six Orders of the House, of the 7th and gtli Instant;

Mr. Secretary atW ar, according to Order, reporter! from together with an Account of the Quantity of Iron im-the Committee oft lie whole House, to whom the Bill for ported into England, from 1735 to

punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Pay- 1736, from foreign Countries; with the Duties payable ment of the Army, and their Quarters; was committed; thereon, and how much the same amounted to; dif-

tinguishing each Country: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Iron in Bars, Pigs, or Sows, imported into England from the Plantations; di-ftinguishing each Species; with the Duties payable thereon; and how much the same amounted to; from

Christmas 1735 to Christmas 1736;distinguishing each

Plantation: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of wrought Iron, and Iron in Bars, exported to the Plantations, from Christ-daring, That all Offences committed against any tern- mas 1735 to Christmas 1736; distinguishing each Plan-porary and expired Acts of Parliament, made in the tation.

Reign of King William the Illd, Queen Anne, his late And then he withdrew.

Majesty King George, and his present Majesty, for And the said Return was read, punishing Mutiny and Desertion, not punished during Ordered, That the said Return and Accounts do lie up-the Continuance of those Acts, may during the Con- ontheTable, tobeperufedby the MembersoftheHoule.

the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, de-

tinuance of this present Act, and might, during the Continuance of any of the said Acts, made subsequent to the Offences committed, be punished by the like Methods as the like Offences committed against any of the said subsequent Acts might be punished:

The said Return and Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Alderman Willi mot t reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Abraham Blijde-

Blydefteyn'i

Nat.

And the said Clanfe being twice read, and amended, Jleyn was comm itted. That the Committee had examined

Supply Bill; Duties on Malt, &c.

was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ihgrofftd.

1 I

The other Order of the Day being read, for tive House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his. Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland-, for the Service of the Year 1738;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clanfe, todi-

the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Curriers, and other Dealers in Lea- Laws rather whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of t» themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, Be<1 and read; setting forth, That, by an Arit, passed in the First Year of the Reign of King fames the First, concerning Tanners, Cnrriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers occupying the cutting of Leather, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That no Person or Persons, shall bny, fell, bargain, bespeak, or take, Promise to have, Exchange, or put away, any tanned Leather not wrought and converted i nto made Wares, bnt only such Person and Persons as will and shallwork and convert the same Lea-

test, That the Deficiency which shall be on the 25th of

March 1738, of the Income of the Duties on Malt, grant- . , w ~ ,

ed for the Year 1736, to satisfy Principal and Interest m»de Wares, and that no Person occupying chargeable thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies the Feat or Mjrftery of a Carrier, IbaU use or exercise granted for the Year 1138. ~ M

Then the House reibfved itself into the Cud Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, ... rt , .

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several j®^,es William and Queen Mary, for explaining Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to 1*ena^e^» That all

report, when the House will please to receive the same. an<^ Hide, "km, or Piece of tanned Leather,

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow !hav*?,.or h<luored of what Colour soever, with any Morning. lawful liquoring or drafting, and being well and truly

curried, according to the Directions of the said Sta-And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow tute, shall be adjudged, reputed, and taken, to be the

the Feat or Mystery of a Tanner, Cordwainer, Shoemaker, Butcher, or other Artificer using cutting of Leather, during the time he shall so use or occupy the Mystery of a Currier, under the respective Penalties in the Ibid.Act mentioned; and that, by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of their late Ma-

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

made Ware and Manufacture of the Currier, and shall be subject to a View and Search in manner directed in the said Statute; and that it shall be lawful to and for all Leather-fellers, Curriers, Shoemakers, ancf aft other Persons whatsoever that do deal andwork in Leather, freely to buy all Sorts of red tanned Leather in any open

Fair

11 Geo. II. r 6"February. 55

Fair or Market, whether curried or uncurried, the same being first searched and sealed, according to the Form of the Statutes in that same made and provided; and having so bought the fame, to fell it again to any Person or Persons whatsoever, in their publickand open Shops, or to cut and convert the same into other made Wares, according to their several and respective Trades: And that as the Petitioners conceive the Intention of the said last-recited Act was to make the Petitioners, among others, free Buyers and Sellers of Hides and Skins, and to give Liberty to them to cut and fell the same in such Pieces and Parcels as are most fit for the respective Uses of the various Artificers dealing with them for the fame, such as Shoemakers, Sadlers, Leather Clog-makers, Collar-makers, Bellows-makers, Chair-makers, Bodice-makers, Patten-makers, Bridle-cutters, and several others j the different Parts of One Hide and Skin being useful for distinct and different Purposes, and seldom worked up by any One Artificer; and that the Petitioners have accordingly, for many Years last past without Interruption, cut and fold Hides and Skins in the manner afore-mentioned; but that, of late, by reason of some Doubts upon the Construction of the said Statutes, several Disputes have arisen between the Company of Cordwainers, and the Petitioners, as to the cutting and felling such Hides and Skins, and what shall be deemed and taken to be red tanned Leather; and that several Actions have been brought and prosecuted against some of the Petitioners, in which the Verdicts have been sometimes found for the Plaintiffs the Cordwainers, and sometimes for the Defendants the Curriers and Dealers in Leather; and Eleven more Actions 'fere now brought and profecnting against others, to hinder the Petitioners, who have been, and are, obliged to defend such Actions at their own

private Expence, from cutting and felling Hides and Skins, in such Pieces and Parcels as are most fit for the various Artificers using the same in their respective Occupations; which will not only tend to the manifest Injury and Oppression of the Petitioners, but of great Numbers of his Majesty’s industrious Subjects: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Confederation; and that Leave may be given to briDg in a Bill to explain and amend the said Statutes, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- \

sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Hume Campbell, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Byng, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Walpole,

Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Lindefay, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Pitt, Mr.

Rutherford, Mr. Vere, Mr. Balle, Mr. Talbott, Mr.

Hoare, Mr. Wardour, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Leheup, Mr.

Tracey, Mr. Crawley, Mr. Townshend, Captain Purvis,

Mr. Owen, Mr. Eyles, Lord Sundon, Mr. Bladen, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Pelham, Mr. More, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Foley; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Charles Wager presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Estimate of Rebuild- ships!"* iugs of Ships of War, for the Year 1738.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as follows; viz.

Navy Office, 16th January 1737.

Am ESTIMATE of the Rebuildings of the Ships of War, at his Majesty’s Yards, over and above what are proposed to be done on the Head of Wear and Tear, and are not included in the ordinary Estimate for the Navy, for the Year 1738 , prepared in pursuance of Di rest ions from the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, signified by Letter, of the nthlnstant, from Mr their Lordships’

Secretary; viz.

Place where. ( 2uns.

Deptford - - 80 70 60

Woolwich - - 9° 80

70

Chatham - - 100

Sheerness - - 0 C

Portsmouth - 100 90

Plymouth - - 70 60

Ships Names.

Boyne -

Prince Frederick Lyon - - -Duke - -

Cumberland -Efex -

Suffolk -

Royal Ann Nassau- - -Rupert - - -V tftory - -

St. George Bedford - -Princess Mary Royal Oak Kingston - -

Nature of ( their Repair. Time when to be Charges of their

Taken in Hand. Completed. Hulls. Y Rigging and Stores. TOTAL.

- July next - m £ 7,817 4,938 11,755

- - - April 1739 10,057 - 10,057

- - - Mar. next - 600 3,212 , 3,8i*

- 1 iu hand April 1739 - 0,200 9,200

\ rebuilding - - April 1739 Uncertain - 8a 00 6,100

m 3,200 3,200

m m - - June 1739 - 5,000 5,000

mm June next Uncertain - t,000 1,000

m m in hand Uncertain - 4,000 4,000

J Y - - Uncertain - 5,400 5»4oo

- m 'm* Mar. next - 180 180

- - ' 1 - - - 8,000 8,000

rebuilding in hand' > Uncertain - 500 4,500

- - - 3 - 600 3,600

- - - October 1739', 000 5,000 -

J - - - April 1739 000 5,000

Total 78,654 86,804

ABSTRACT.

For the Hull of the Ships ----- 78,614

For Rigging and Stores - - - - 8,150

Total - - £-86,804

Viz. The Sum of Eighty-six thousand Eight hundred and Four Pounds.

Richard Haddock, Jot. Ackworth, Tho, G. Purvis,

J. Fainter, Ro. Byng.

VoL.a3. Ordered,

16° Februarii.

A. 1737.

rdcred.That the said Estimate do lie upon the Ta* to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ir. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur-lt to their Address to his Majesty, a List of the reed Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Ma-?s, intitled to receive Half-pay,in Great; with

Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year *738. \nd he also acquainted the House, That he had re-ved his Majesty’s Commands to lay before the House, Jft of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died upon the tabli foment of Half-pay in Great , and who

re married to them before the 2,5th of December 1716; th an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1738. And he presented the said Lifts to the House accord-

g*y-

And the Titles of the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table,

0 be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lifts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantities of British Linens exported from that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1724 to Christmas 1736; distinguisoing each Species and Year, and to what Countries exported.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantities of British Linens exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,from Christmas 172^ to Christmas 1736;

distinguishing each Species and Year, and to what Countries exported.

A Petition of the -Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter's, Westmins being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, being informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to their Consideration.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That the said Collegiate Church came into the Hands of the First Dean and Chapter unfiniffied; and, by Length of Time, and Badness of Materials, became so ruinous, that, in the Eighth and Ninth of William the Third, in regard to its being of ancient and royal Foundation, an annual Sum, for a certain Term of Years, was granted by Parliament, towards repairing the fame, under the Direction of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Chief Justice of the King’s Bench, and the Dean of Westminster, who were appointed Commissioners for that Purpose; and that, by an Act, passed in the Ninth of Queen Anne, a Sum' of Four thousand Pounds per Annum, for a certain Term of Ypars, was granted to the said Commissioners, towards; repairing arid fi milling the said Collegiate Church, and the (Chapels of the fame; and that, in order to the finishipg/of it.gs difefted by Parliament, Sir Wren, the then

Surveyor, formed a Design of ereaing a Spire in the mid-dleTower; a Model of which he' then prepared, and a Draught of which, with the rest of the intended Building, was laid before this House the last Session of Parliament; and that, by Acts, passed in the Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, and Tenth of his present Majesty, the several Sums of Four thousand Pounds, each Year, have been issued and applied towards carrying on the said Work; and an Account how the same has been expended has been annually laid before this House; and that all the Monies, granted as aforesaid, being expended, the said "Works are now at a stand; which the Petitioners fub-mit to the Consideration of the House; acknowledging the Favours already conferred on the said Collegiate Church, as well by the present as by former Parliaments: And praying for the Continuance thereof.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

32

That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth. \

Tellers for the Yeas,[ J"*^1* } . 74-

Tellers for the Noes Th°mas \

1 ellers for the JNoes, JMr Alderman Heathcote: j 61

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster, do lay before this House, an Account of what Money has been received by them, for Seven Years last past, for breaking up Ground in the said Church, or Places adjacent, for Burials, and for erecting Monuments, there; and how the said Money has been applied; and likewise, an Account of what Money has been applied by them towards the Repairs and Finiffiing of the said Church, and Edifices thereunto belonging, for Seven Years la(l past.

A Petition of the Commissioners for building a Bridge Westminster from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore, in Bridge, the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners, having with great Care endeavoured to inform themselves of the most convenient Place for the Situation of the Intended Bridge, at first determined to build the said Bridge from the

Horse Ferry, in the City of WeflmuUleto the Town of

Lambeth, in the County of Surrq; but that several Doubts having since arisen relating thereto, the Petitioners at a fuller Meeting, taking the same into Consideration, have resolved to build the said Bridge from the New Palace Yard, or thereabouts, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey; and that,’ several Memorials having been presented to the Petitioners, from the Burgess Court, and Inhabitants of Westminster, desiring the Bridge might be built from some Place near the Centre of the said City, the Petitioners desire, the House will please to determine the Situation of the said Bridge; especially since the Petitioners are disabled from building the Bridge from any Part within the Parish of St. Margaret, Westminster, except New Palace Yard; notwithstanding it should appear, that the or some

other Part adjacent, within the said Parish, may be a more convenient Situation: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and determine, either by ascertaining a Place for the Situation of the Bridge, or by such other Methods as the House; shall think proper.

The House was moved, That so much of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Ninth Y'ear of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge cross _ the River Thames, from the Nero Palace Yard, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County . of Surrey, as impowers the Commissioners for putting , in Execution the said Act, of the Ninth Year of iiis pre-. sent Majesty’s Reign, to direct the Bridge to be built, either from the New Palace Yard, or from the Horse Ferry, or thereabouts, in the Parish of St. John the

Evangelist,in the said City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, might be read.

And the same was tead accordingly.

Then a Petition of the Deputy Steward, Chief Bur- Ditto, gefs, Burgesses, their Allistants, and theantientand principal tradiuglnhabitantsoftheCity and Liberty of Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by building a Bridge at, or adjacent to, the

NewPalaceYard, the Communication will be much more commodious to the Centre of the said City and Liberty; and, consequently, the Benefit of Trade will be more equally distributed through the Whole; and that, as the Petitioners apprehend, should the Bridge be built at the Horse Ferry, their Interest in Trade would be extremely hurt, by being perverted into a new Chanel; and that

the

r i Ge& II. i r7* Februarii. $7

the Bridge, to Granted, raaft accafien a v»ft> ihcwafe of Building, not only near Mill Bank, hut ahb (Irani

mnfier to Hyde Park Comer, to the groat Dftriwnent of

the Owners and Occupiers of Houses in the said City and Liberty: And, for these Reasons, praying the Hottfe to take the Premises into Consideration; and direct the fowl Bridge to he built conformable to the Opinion of the Commissioners, at their Meeting, on Wednesday the Eighth Instant, for building the Bridge at or near 'New Palace Yard, or as the House shall think-most proper!

Westminster A Petition of the Freeholders, and principal Iohahi* Bridge tants, of the Parillies of <S'r. John the

George, Hanover Square, St. James, and St. Margaret’s, in the City of Westminster, was presented to the House, and read1; alleging. That the thereabouts,

was, in all former Attempts for building a Bridge at Westminster, concluded to be, and in the Opinion of the principal Freeholders and Inhabitants of the said City and Liberties, upon Confutation with the most Ikilfol Mathematicians, Navigators, Surveyors, and other Artists, was the only fit Place for erecting such Bridge, as appears by their Petition presented to this House, for the femePurpose, in January 1734; and that the said Ferry is preferable to any other Place, the Foundation being the re better, and the Stream being the re aft right. Angles, which it will not be at New Palace Yard: That there are really more Feet of navigable Water, than at the Neio Palace Yard: And that the Expence of building a Bridge there, and of making the necessary Roads and Passages to and f rom the fame, on each Side of the River, will be considerably lets, than at any Place lower; as by the Evidence produced by the said Petitioners, before the Committee of this House, appointed to examine into the Allegations of their Petition, and by the several Plans and Draughts submitted to the Consideration of the said Committee, will, as the Petitioners allege, appear; And that, by the express Words of the Act made to explain the Act of the Ninth Year of his present Majt fly’s Reign, the Building of the said Bridge is alifolutely limited, either to New Palace Yard, or else to some Place within the Parish of St. John the -gelift: And therefore expressing their Hope, That, upon Re-consideration of the said Evidence, Plans, and Draughts, but more particularly that of the Bed of the River, and the Settings of the Tide at each Quarter, both of Ebb and Flood, from the Savoy to by

Captain Michell, the House will adjudge the Horse Ferry, or thereabouts, to be the only fit and proper Place to build a Bridge, that will folly answer all the Purposes thereby intended; or that the Petitioners may be further heard, in support of their Allegations, in such Manner as the House shall think fit to appoint.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to ,the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Refoboed, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider of the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of West-vnnfier, to the opposite Shore, ift the County of Surry, do lay before this House an Account of their Proceedings, with all convenient Speed.

Supply Bill; Sir Charles Tamer, according to Order, reported from

Duties on the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

Malt, &c. continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of 1 he Year 1738; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: VI here the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the QuHtion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

V01. 23.

Ordered, That (he Bill, With the Afcreadments, be mgrofled.

And then (he House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock,

' . /

----- rf r. -

fattens, 17* die Februarii;

Anno ii° Georgii II. Regis, 1737.

PraVcxs.

pHI LIP‘Itigml took the Oaths appointed, ihr * order to hte Naturalization.

An ifigrossed Bin for continuing the Dutite upon Supply Bill Malt, Mum, Cyder; and Perry, in that Pari of Great Duties on Britain called England; and for granting to his Mh- Malt, &c. jesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mam, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called;

for the Service of the Year 1738; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum,

Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year 1738.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Norris re ported from the Committee to whom Dover and the Petition of the Commissioners appointed, by virtue of Ry®

the Acts passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Harbourt* Reign of his late Majesty King George, for relloring the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex, to its antient Goodness; and also the Petition of the Assistants, incorporated for the Preservation of the Harbour of , whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, the Warden, and the rest of the said Assistants; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same wa# read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, purfeant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petitions.

It appeared to your Committee, upon inspecting the Journal of the House of February 25th 1722, That a very full Evidence was, at that Time, given, with regard to the Ufefalness of the Harbour of Rye, and the Benefit arising therefrom to Trade and Navigation; which induced the then Parliament to grant certain Duties, mentioned in an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of his late Majesty, for restoring the said Harbour to its antient Goodness:

But a doubt arising. Whether the Duties, granted by that Act, were applicable to the making a new Cut or Chanel, from Winchelsea Chanel, right out to the Sea, and other Works, the Ufefufness and Conveniency hi generall whereof appeared to yonr Committee, from the Examination taken, and report thereupon made to the House, the 24th of February, in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty King George, an Act then passed, for explaining and amending so much of the said Act, passed in the Ninth Year of his said late Majesty, as relates to the opening a new Chanel from Winchelsea River, and for other Purposes in the said Act meritioned.

Then the Agents for the Petitioners proceeded to acquaint your Committee, how far the Petitioners had, in pursuance of the Powersgranted by the before-mentioned Acts, advanced in the Works intended; and what was (lilt further necessary to be done; for which Purpose they produced a Plan of the said new Cut, and intended Harbour: And then called,

L Mr.

38 mv.-j-j ' FebruariL

Mr. Edward Ruby Who had the Management of those Works underCaptain Pand the Care of them since his Death: And the said Mr. Ruby explained to your Committee the several Works that had been done; and, in particular said, That, at the Entrance from the Sea into the Chanel, there were erected two large Piers of Portland Stone, which were 6a Feet in Length, 27 in Breadth, and 120 Feet diflantfrom each other; and that they are already raised 18 Feet from- the Foundation; and it is proposed to raise them Six Feet higher. He likewise said. That, in the Middle of the said Chanel, there are Two Sluices made, with a large Stone Pier between them, the One of 40 Feet in Breadth, and 22 Feet deep. One of which Sluices is for the Passage of Ships, and to pen up the Water; and the other 34 Feet in Breadth, and of the same Depth, which is for scouring the Chanel, and therefore is narrower than the other, that the Water, which they are plentifully provided with from behind, may pome with the greater Force through the fame, and thereby more effectually carry off what i£ meets, with in its Course.

The laid Edward.Ruby also acquainted yo r Committee, That the Breadth of the Chanel, up to the Sluice, in the Middleof it, was 180 Feet, and from thenceup to the Winchelsea Chanel 140 Feet; and that the Depth

already dug was Eight Feet; but it was proposed, that itfhould be 16 or 18 Feet; which will make the Chanel 22 Feet deep in Water, when the Tide comes in: And that the Earthdug thereout, which will raise the Bank so high as to secure the neighbouring Lands from being overflowed, was laid at such a Dillance, that, if ever it should be thought necessary to make the Chanel wider, it might be easily made 20 Feet wider, on each Side, than it is at present.

He was then asked, What he thought would be the necessary Charge of completing the whole Work: Upon which he laid before your Committee an Estimate thereof, amounting t%£. 26,977, which, he said, was the Ioweft Calculation that could be made.

Then the Agents for the Petitioners proceeded to acquaint your Committee, What Money had been already raised for the Purposes afore-mentioned; and how the same had been disposed of: Upon which,

Mr. Thomas Cooke, Treasurer of Rye Harbour, was called; who produced an Account of the Money transmitted to him, from the Receiver General of the Customs, on account of the Duty granted for the Repair of the Harbour of Rye, from the First of May 1723, to the Firftof May 1737, which amounted to 20,736 igr. lojd.; which Sum had been duly and regularly laid out in the Repair of the said Harbour.

It appeared likewise, by the said Account, That the Treasurer had drawn £.719 8f. 1 id. more, on Account, from the Receiver General; and also that £. 5,600 had been borrowed on the Credit of the Duty granted, and was still due, and carried interest.

The said Mr. Cooke acquainted your Committee, That he had with him the Books from which he had drawn out the above-mentioned Accounts, and also the Vouchers for each Payment, ready to produce, if required.

It appeared to your Committee, That, in the Management and Disposition of the Money, granted and collected for restoring the Harbour of Rye to its antient Goodness, the strictest Care hath been taken, to prevent its being diverted or applied to any other Use or Purpose, than what it was granted for; for that no Money is ever paid, but by the Direction of Eleven Commissioners; the Accounts, for every Article in which Vouchers are produced, are annually examined, and signed by Eleven of them likewise; and afterwards examined and ligned by the Justices of the Peace, at their General Quarter Sessions for the County; and, at all publick Meetings of the Commilhoners, they defray their own Expences.

The Committee then proceeded to examine the Matter of the Petition of the Assistants, incorporated for the Preservation of the Harbour of Dover.

And it appeared. That, in the nth and 12th Year

of King William the Third, an Act passed for the Re- pair of Dover Harbour; and that a Duty of Three Pence per Ton, upon Ships and Vessels therein-described, was granted, for raising a Sum therein mentioned, for repair* ing that Harbour, as being of very great Use and Bene* fit to the Merchants of this Realm, and others, passing through the narrow Seas, to avoid the Dangers of Tem-pells, Pirates, and Enemies, in tiuqe of War; which iaft-tneotipned.Act, and tire Duties thereby granted, were, by. several subsequent Acts, further continued and made payable, till the Firli of May 1727: And the Sum granted by the firli-mehtioned Act proving insufficient forcompleting the said Harbour, and several other Works being found necessary to be done, for securing the ftyne, another Act passed in the Ninth Year of his said Majesty, for completing the Repairs of that Harbour, and for re-lloring the Harbour of Rye to its antient Goodness; by which; ACtthe said Duty of Three Pence per Ton was continued, till the Firli Day of 1744; One Third Part whereof is directed, by the said Act, to be applied towards repairing and securing the Harbour of and the other Two Third Parts are directed to go, and be applied, towards restoring the Harbour of Rye to its antient Goodness.

Then the Agents for the Petitioners for the Preservation of Dover Harbour acquainted your Committee, what had been done, in pursuance of the Powers granted by the before-mentioned Acts, and what was the present Condition of that Harbour, and what is Hill further necessary to be done. And thereupon they called,

Mr. Young Veal, Treasurer of the Tonage Duties: Who gave in au Account, taken by him from the original Book, of what Money had been received for the Use of Dover Harbour, from the First of 1723, the Time when the One Third of the Duty commenced, to the Firftof May 1737, amounting in the Whole to £. 13,489 i8f. 8|d.: And he also laid before your Committee, an Account of the Money disbursed for the Use of the said. Harbour, amounting to £. 12,830 'js. 2:

So that there appears a Balance of £. 659 1 6|

remaining in the Treasurer’s Hands: Which Sum has since been applied in carrying on the Works.

And it appeared by an Account delivered in by

Mr. Goddard Gay, That there is now. owing for Works performed, and Materials delivered in, for the Use of the said Harbour, upwards of £. 1,000.

It appeared likewise to your Committee, That the Receipts and Payments of all Money received by the Treasurer, are annually examined at a Harbour Sessions, held in the Council House at Dover, and signed by the Warden, or his Lieutenant, and Assistants; and that those Accounts are afterwards laid before the Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent, at their next Quarter Sessions; and Oath is then made before them of the Truth thereof: And that a Duplicate of those Accounts, signed by Seven of the said Justices, is lodged in the Navy Office.

[The Petitioners Agents cal led

Captain Cuthbert Hodgson, Mr. Majlin, Engineer, Mr. Gay, and Mr. Pafcall: Who, being severally examined, said, That the Money received for the Use of the said Harbour of Dover had been carefully laid out, and to very great Advantage; and that the making a Head, called Cheefmans Head, the new Gates into the Upper Pent, and the Sluices, the deepening the Upper Pent, and the laying a new Apron, in the Cro/s Wall, with Stone, which was before of Wood, were very great Improvements to the said Harbour: Andy the further severally said. That very lately a new Wharf had been made, where there is more Water than in any other Part of the Harbour; and that a Ship of the Burthen of 200 Ton can now load and unload there; but that other Improvements were very necessary to be made, for completing that Harbour.

Then Mr. John Majlin, who is the Engineer and Overseer of the Works at Dover, produced an Estimate of the

Charge

Supplied from the original Report.

11 Geq. II. 17* — 20* — 230.FebfUafii. 39

Charge of completing several needful Works, for\ t,fie Support and better.Preservation of the said, Harbour, amounting to 33,-819 7^.90?.

The Usefulness of the said Harbour in general, the Agents for the Petitioners further proved, by the Evidence of "l !,

Mr. George Barber, Harbour Matter: , Wfct laid before your Committee, an Account,p£ the Number of Ships which had been forced in£o:that Harbour,.by Stress of Weather, and failed in, on other Occasions, since Christmas 1726; exclusive of Shipping belonging to the said Port; amounting in all to 7,334'Ships.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers given and granted by the Acts, passed in the nth and rath Year of the Reign of King fVm. the Illd, and in the 9th and loth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty' King fPr

repairing the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent; and for restoring the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Suffer, to . its antient Goodness: And that Sir John Norris, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Papillon, and Mr. Revell, do prepare, and bringin, the fame. 1 V1

UrentBiidge- Mr. Plumptre reported from, the Committee to whom

near Not- {fie gjj fOP repairing the Road leading from the Trent

Koad.am> Bridge, in the County of the Town of

through Cof/ock, other wise to Coles

Bridge, in fheCounty was committed, That,

the Committee had examined tire Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made federal Amendments thereunto; which they had' directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the bftH, with the Amendments', in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Qucllion severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments of and to some of them, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Rotherhith Colonel Onjlavo reported from the Committee to whom

Church, the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and Parishioners, of the Parish Church of Rotherhith,

in the County of Surry, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report jn his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Report be taken into Confutation upon Monday Morning next.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ways The House resolved itself into a Committee of the and Means. whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, That he was riiiected by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Vol. 23.

Rffolvpd, That this; Hpufe will, upon Wednesday Marking next, resolve^ itself into a Committee of the wjiole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Accounts of House* an Account of the Quantities of Sugars export- E*PorU ed to foreign Countries, from Christmas 1715(0 - U8"r‘

mas 1722 j.distinguisiiing each Year, and the Port pr Place to which the same have been exported. '

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Sugars exported to foreign Countries, from Christmas 1729 to Clirifi-mas 1736; distiuguishing each Year, and the Port or Place to which,the same h^y.e been exported.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Sugars exported to foreign Countries, from the Port of London only, from Christmas 173£>,to Christmas 1737; distinguishing the Port or Place to which the same have been exported.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whonV the Petition of the Merchants of the City of London, and other Dealers in the Manufactures of Linens, Threads, and Tapes, made in Great Britain and Ireland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Ad journment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Linen

Manufacture.

*1 *1

Liunce, 20° die Febrharii 5

Anno 11* Georgii IN* Regis, 1737.

TILE House being.met';

The Clerk, at the Table, informed the House, The House That Mr. Speaker was confined to his Bed by Sickness, informed of and so indisposed, as not to be able to write; and had 'e|J*

therefore directed him to acquaint the House, That he was much concerned that he could not attend their Service; but hoped, and was informed by his Physicians, that he might be able to attend the House in a few Days; and submitted it to the Consideration of the House, to do, as to him, what they should think proper; being very uneasy at the Thoughts of the Public Business being obstructed by his Absence; and having nothing so much at Heart as their Service and their Honour.

Whereupon it was moved, That the House would ad- Adjoum-jouru till Thursday Morning next. Nine of the Clock. ment*

And thereupon the Clerk, to whom those who spoke applied themselves, according to former Practice, in the Absence of the Speaker, by Direction of the House, put the Question for adjourning the House till Thursday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

And the House was accordingly adjourned till Thursday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 25° die Februarii

Anno 11* Georgii IId* Regis, 1737.

THE IToufe being met;

The Clerkdid, at the Table, acquaint the House, a Letter That he had received a Letter from Mr. Speaker; whicu from the he read to the House; and which is as follows; viz. Sp-akercom-

mnnicated to

Mr. Hardinge, the House.

I delire you will acquaint the House, That I am extremely fenlible of their Goodaets, in the great Indulgence they have lately shewn to me; and that I return them my humbled and most cordial Thanks for it.

I was in Hopes to have Iteen able to have attended my Duty in the House this Day;but my Physicians inform me, that it may be dangerous so to do; though they are

40

4 3* Februarii. — i Marta.

A. 1737.

of Opinion, that I may do it in a Day or Two, without any Hazard; which I desire you will, in my Name, and with my dutiful Respects, submit to the Confident* tion of the House.

I am. Sir,

Leicester Street, Your faithful Friend and Servant,

23d February, 1737. At' Onslow.

Whereupon it was moved, That the House would adjourn till fVednesday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

And the Clerk, by Direction of the House, put the Question for adjourning the House till fVednesday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

And the House was accordingly adjourned till fVednesday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Mgr cur it, i° die Mart it;

Anno it° Georgii II" Regis, 1737.

Fray Bits.

np H E House being met

H<Niie. JL And Mr. Speaker having taken the Chair; He returned his humble Thanks to the House, for their Indulgence to him, during his Indifposition.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Bills® Ordered, That, in Confederation of the late Adjourn-1 *’ ments of the House, the Time for receiving Petitions for private Bills be enlarged to fVednesday the 8 th Day of this instant March.

Sh^ttbury Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Shalias in the County olDorfct, in the room of Bancks Esquire, deceased.

Muthi^'and -An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, Detention. 3nd for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read the Third time.

Rsfolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, AnA&for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ways Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the «nd Means, House to whom it was referred to consider fur-

ther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now received.

Sir Charles Turner accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Two Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raisedin the Year 1738, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolution being read aSecond time, was, upon the Question pnt thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Re-folntion: And that Sir Charles , Mr. Chancellor

of the Exchequer, Mr. Dodington, the Lord Sundon, Mr.

Winnington, Mr. Earle, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicit or General. Mr. Scrapand Mr. Edward Walpole,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

24

Rejohed,kc. That this House will, upon Friday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and MeaM* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Bill to explain and amend an Act, Cornwall passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Aflke. King George, intituled, An Act for holding the Assize for the County of Cornwall, at a convenient Place within the said County, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom- Payment of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Kent*. House, upon the Bill for the more effectual securing the Payment of Rents, and preventing Frauds, by Tenants.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Seven- Westmirrftet night, resolve itself iu to aCommittee of the whole House, Bridge, to consider of the Petition of the Commissioners for building a Bridge from the City of to the

opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey 5 also the Petition of the Deputy Steward, Chief Burgesses, Bnr-gestes, their Assistants, and the antient and principal trading Inhabitants, of the City and Liberty of Westminster; and also the Petition of the Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants, of the Parillies of St. John the Evangelif, St. George, Hanover Square, St. James, and St. Margaret's, in the City of Wef m

The House being informed, that Mr. Davies, from Accounts, the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. from Dean» Peter, Wef minfer, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Money has beeu received, by the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Wef minfer, for Seven Years last pall, for breaking up Ground in the said Church, or Places adjacent, for Burials, and for erecting Monuments there; and how the same Money has been applied: And likewise, an Account of what Money has been applied by them, towards the Repairs and Finishing of the said Church, and Edifices thereunto belonging, for Seven Years last pall.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Sir Joseph Westminster

Clerk to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross Bridge, the River Thames, from the City of Wef minfer, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door;

He was called In; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Wef minfer, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Parsons, Encourage-Comptroller General of the Customs, attended at the ^jj^£[nu Door; fa*v.re!nU’

3

11 Geo. II. i* Martii. 41

He was called in; tod, at the Bar, presented to the Hoofe, pursuant to their Ordei, an Account of what Money has been paid out of the Revenues under the Management of the Commissioners of the CustomSj by Way of Allowance for any Goods of the ManhftiftUre of this Kingdom, exported since the 25th Day of March 1722, in purfuartce of an Act passed in the Eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for Encouragement Of the Silk Manufacture of this Kingdom; distinguislring each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Memliers of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Account of The House being informed, that Mr. Needier, Ac-

Duty on comptant General to the Commissioners of Rxcise,

Beer sold in j n 9

Birmingham, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Duty which has been received by Excise on Beer and Ale fold in Birmingham District, in the County of Warwick, for Six Years last pad, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Dover Sir John Norris presented to the House, according to Harbours Ofder, a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers granted and given by the Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Twelf h Years of the Reign of King William the Third, and in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent; and for restoring the Harbour of Rye, in the County of to its antient Goodhefs: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read:a Second time.

Minehead A Petition of the Merchant^ and other Inhabitants, Harbour. of tj,e 'pown of Minehead, in the County of and also of Sir John Trevelyan, Baronet, John

fylde, Esquire, and Margaret Luttrell, Widow, the Trustees and Guardian of Margaret Luttrell, an Infant, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the recovering, securing, arid keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Minehead, for the Benefit and Support’of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom, certain Duties, over and besides the antlerit and customary Duties and1 Acknowledgments, before the said'Aftl due and accustomedto be paid to Tregctn-tf Tell Luttrell; Esquire, and-Hi 6 Ancestors, upon Goods

and Merchandizes, therein mentioned, to be imported or exported, into, or out of, the said Harbour, and upori Shipping, as in the said Act particularly mentioned,1 were granted, from and aftfefthe 2 4th Day of 701;

for the Term of One-and-twenty Years, and to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, for building out a new Head, clearing the Beach, and other Works, so the securing, preserving, amending, and maintaining, the Pier and Harbour of; and that, in Pur-

fuance of the said* Act, a new Head hath beeh built, by the Order of the Trustees in the said Act particularly named; but that the said whole Duties not being sufficient to defray the Charge of completing the said Pier, over and besides the yearly Reparation of what was done, by reason of the great Rage and Flowing of the Sea on the fame, all and every the Rates, Duties, and Sum's of Money, by the said Act imposed upon the several and respective Goods and Merchandizes, and upon Shipping, from and after the said 24th Day of June 1701,

Vol. 23.

fat the flridTefito of One-ahd-twenty YdtftS from thence hriXt ensuing, write; by Act of Parliament; made in the Tenth Yriar of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act fat prOlonging the Tetm for Payment df certain Dhties granted by an Act; frinde in the Ttvelfth arid Thirteenth Years of his late Majesty Kittg Wittidm, intituled, An Act for refcbvering, securing, and keeping In Repair, the Harbour of Mifiehead, for the Benefit arid Support of the Navigation rind Trade of this Kingdom, from thenceforth continued to be charged Upton, and made payable for, the same respectively, for the farther Term of Sixteen Years, from and after the Expiration of the said Term Of One-arid-twenty Years; and that the said Whole Duties have nbt hitherto been, Of Will be, during the said fev'enif Tehns of One-and-twerity Years, and SixfeCW Yetffsy fitflleient to defray the Charge Of what hath beeri rieceffarily expended in completing the said Pier, over arid bolides the yearly Reparation- Of what hath beeri done,* arid which hath beeri very expenfivC, by reafort of the great Rage and Flowing of the Sea on the Cnrie; arid over and besides the continual great Experice of carrying away and clearing the Beach of vast Quantities OFSfOries, that are, by the Violence of the Seri, constantly dfivCri’ into the Mouth of the said HaiboUr, arid choak up the fame; and that the said Trirni of Sixteen Years will expire on the 24th Day of June next; and that there is no Fund, other than the said Duties', arising by virtue of the said Acts of Parliament, for preserving and keeping in Repair the said Pier and’ Harbour: And therefore, that the said Pier and Harbour may be preserved, arid" kept in Repair, for the Benefit and support of the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, prayittg, That the House will give Leave to bring in a Bill for Continuing the said Duties, as laid in the said recited Acts; ill such manner, as to the House Until feerri meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred’tothieCon-fiderafiori of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it Ihalf appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. WhiMortk, Mri Brereton.

Sir Wm. Codrington, Sir Wm. Wyn Mr. Seboyn, Mr. Walker, Mr. Douglas, Mr. W Mr. Hors-monden Turner, Mr. Secretary at War, Lord Gage, Mr.

Archer, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Bade, Sir Edmund

Lord Sidney Beauclerfc, Mr. Earle, Mr,

Alderman Stewart, Mr. Laroche', Mr. Laid on, Mr.

Longuevide, Mr. Drummond. Mr. Mr.

Lord John Sackville, Lord Wallingford, Mr.

Mr. Walts, Mr. Hay, Mr. Corbett, Colonel Duckett,

Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Fane, Mr. Sevan, Mr. Shuttle-tvorlh, Mr. Bowles, Sir Nathanael Sit James

Grant, Mr. Hungerjbrd, Sir Charles Lord

Grey, Mr1. Smith , Mr. Ecrrke, Mr. Crojfe, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Gore;and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerfkt, Devon, and Wilts:

And they atfe tb meet this Afternoon, at' Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chatnber: Arid'hate Power to fend for Persons, Paperls, and'Records.

j i

A'Mieflhge from the Lord4,-by >flr: John' Bettrldt and Mr. Thursion 's ' -

"MV Sr^dret,- m

The Lords have agreed to triic Bill'/ihtitiftCd, An Act Supply Bill; for continuing the Dirties upon Cyder, and Duties on

Perty, in that' Part of Chrot Btfthhi Called England; &c*

and fof grahting to'KIs Mairifty Certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, arAi Petty, in that Part of Great Brithin called Scotland1-, for the Service of the Year 1738; without any Amendment: ‘ l,‘

And then the Messengers 'withdraw.

t" 1

A Petition of the Maytor, Bailiffs, arid Bbtgeffes, of Liverpool* the Borough and Port Town of in the Dock and

County Palatine of Lancctfer, and also, *reets.

A Petition of the'Merchants, Traders, arid others, Diuo. Inhabitants Within the Borough and Post Tbwri'of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of; -

M Were

i:c

*«4.a

43 i# Martii. . 1737.

Were feveraDy presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for making a con-

venient Dock or Bason at Liverpool, for the Secu-, rity of all Ships trading to and from the Port of Liverpoole, certain Rates, Tonage, and Duties, were granted for the effecting the fame, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, from and after the 24th Day of June 1710; which have been continued by another Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Time granted by the said Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the further Term of Fourteen Years; and that, by the said former Ad, the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common-council, of the said Borough, and their Successors, are appointed Trustees, and thereby empowered to make such Dock or Bason, and to receive a Fourth Part of the faicl Rates and Duties, thereby also granted, for the Support thereof, so long as the said Dock or Bason shall be continued; and that the said Trustees have, as far as in them lay, carried on such Work, and made such Dock or Bason capable of taking in Ships, and erected and placed proper Land-marks and Buoys, for Direction of Ships into the Harbour, and laid out therein the Sum of Fourteen thousand Pounds and upwards, and been obliged to borrow a considerableSum more at Interest, on the Credit of the said Acts; but that, it is conceived, the same will not answer the good Ends and Advantages thereby intended, without an Addition for the light Ships to lie in, whilst refitting; nor can the Ships, which are outward-bound, and often put back by contrary Winds, and constrained to lie in the open Harbour waiting for a Wind, be preserved, without making of a Pier, which may be conveniently made on the North Side of the Entrance into the said wet Dock or Bason; for want whereof, many Ships, when detained in tire said Dock or Harbour, which often happens, and for a long time together, have been greatly exposed to the utmost Danger; and for tlrat the present wet Dock is found to be too i'mall to contain both the laden and light Ships, till dispatched and fitted out; and that such additional Works cannot be done and perfected, without taking up at Interest a further considerable Sum for that Purpose; and for that the present Term is scarce suficient to raise the Money already taken up and owing at Interest; and that such further Sum can-hot be raised under a long Tract of Time, in the manner appointed by the said several Acts, without a further Enlargement of the said Terms thereby granted, which, when done, will, in a great measure, take away the Hazard and Danger that the Merchant Ships, trading to and from the said Port, are frequently exposed to, and will be for the public Good; and that the setting up of proper Lights round the Bason may prevent, not only the Loss of many Persons Lives, that frequently happen in the Night, but the Running of Goods; and that the enlightening the Streets of the whole Town may prevent many Robberies and evil Practices committed by Persons unknown, who make their Ef-capes by the Favour of the Night: Therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for further enlarging the Time granted by the said several Acts; and for such Term, as by the House shall be thoughtmost meet; and for enlightening round the Bason where the Ships lie; the last mentioned Petitioners farther praying a Provision for enlightening the whole Town, with Power to afiefs the Inhabitants to defray the Expence thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Brereton, Mr. Gildart,

Mr. Winnington, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Lord

Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. CroJJe, Sir Charles Turner, Mr.

Hungerford, Mr. Tower, Mr. Hedworth, Mr.

Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Earle, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr.

Yorkre. Lord Polwarth, Mr. Kent, Mr. Danvers, Sir

John Rushout, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. , Mr.

Scawen, Mr. Archer, Sir Thomas Clarke, Mr.

Mr. Corbett, Sir Chr. Powell, Mr. P Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. RobSir Wm. Wentworth, Admiral Cavendish, Mr. Retell, Mr. Ilorfmonden,

Turner, Mr. Clutterbuck, Sir Jo/. Dr. Lee,

Mr. Vyner, Sir James Grant, Mr. Earle, Mr.

Thomas Archer, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Alderman Par-fons, Mr. Alderman Willimott, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Hooper,

Mr. Bowes, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Brad/haw; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster and Chester; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Momfon presented to the House, pursuant to their Account of

Order, an Account, shewing what Money hath been Savings on saved by Respites upon the Muster-rolls for Six Years, 'VIufter"ro ls‘ from the 25th December 1730 to the 24th December 1736; distiiiguishing each Year; and how the same hath been applied.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Accountdo lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Relief of the Relief of such Prisoners for Debt, as have, by una- debtor?, voidable or unforeseen Accidents, loft the benefit of being discharged, by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors , and to indemnify such Sheriffs or Gaolers, as have, by unavoidable or unforeseen Accidents, incurred any Penalties, or subjected themselves to any Action or Actions at Law, on account of the said Prisoners not being discharged: And that Mr. of

the Lord Gage, Sir MilesStapylton, Mr. Wilkinson, and Mr. Maijler, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town council of Invemcfs the Burgh of Inverness, in behalf of the Community Town Debtsf thereof, was presented to the Iioule, and read; setting forth, That in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty King George, An Act passed, granting to the Magistrates and Town-council of Inverness, for the Use of the Community thereof, a Duty or Imposition of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale or Beer, that should be brewed, brought in, or vended, tapped, or fold, within the said Town or Privileges thereof, for the Term of Nineteen Years, from the 1 ft Day of June 1719, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, to be applied to the Discharge of the Debts the Town then owed, to repairing the Churches, or building a new one, and providing for a Minister or Ministers for the fame, and improving their Harbour, for the Encouragement of Trade, and preservation of Shipping; and that, at the Commencement of this Duty, the yearly Produce thereof, at a Medium, of the First Five Years, amounted to about Three hundred and Eighty-five Pounds Sterling; which encouraged the Petitioners, who, by the said Act, were appointed Trustees for executing the Purposes thereof, to enter upon a Design of greatly enlarging and improving their Harbour; in order where to, they purchased fume Grounds, rented some Quarries, built Boats for transporting Stone, and actually expended about Two thousand Seven hundred and Ninety Pounds Sterling in deepening their Harbour, and erecting the proper Quays and Bulwarks for the Improvement and Security thereof, whereby their

i i Geo. II. i* Martii. 43

their Harbour is much morecommodious than formerly, mage of the Parish, by raising the Taxes on the regaining though far from being completed; and that, towards Inhabitants; and that the Inhabitants of the said Parish carrying on this Work, the Petitioners were obliged to pay One hundred Pounds yearly to the Trustees, towards borrow several Sums of Money, having employed the repairing the great Northern Road; but that the Peti-Produce of the Duty, for some Years after the Com- tioners, and the generality of the Parish, receive no mencement thereof, to the Payment of the Town’s Benefit from the said great Road being amended, it not Debts, and other Purposes of the Grant, by the Appro- being the Road from the Parish of Hackney to London, bation of the Overfeers appointed by the Act; and that, nnlels when the Road through the said Parish and to though the Petitioners had reason, from the Produce Shoreditch is so bad, that it cannot be used without great of the Duty for the first Five Years thereof, to make Ef- Difficulty and Danger, which is generally all the W intimates, and form their Design as they did; yet the Event ter Season: And therefore praying, that Leave may be has not answered their Expectation; for the Duty has given to bring in a Bill for amending and repairing the been linking gradually for these Thirteen Years pall; Road from Shoreditch Church to Stanford Hill; and that insomuch, that at a Medium of the Produce for the such Relief may be given to the Petitioners, with re-Four Years immediately preceding the 23d of June last, spect to the Premises, as the House shall think fit. the annual Amount doth not come up to One hundred , That the said Petition be referred to the

and Twenty-eight Pounds; which the Petitioners ap- Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exprehend, is chiefly occasioned by the excelfive Use of amine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it run Tea and Brandy; to which the Inhabitants are en- shall appear to them, to the House. couraged by the Lovvness of the Price; whereby the And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Perry, Sir Consumption of Beer and Ale is greatly lessened, as mund Mr. Mr. Alderman

well as Traders in the fair Way are undone; and that Mr. Hucks. Lord Sundon, Mr. Medlycott, Mr.

this unexpected Sinking of the Produce of the Duty, has been the Cause that the Petitioners have not been able to complete their Harbour, now advanced a considerable Length, nor to discharge the Debts contracted for carrying it on; and that, the Grant being to determine at the End of the next Session of Parliament, the Harbour mult remain unfinished, and the Town, the properRevenue whereof is very considerable, mull remain subject to the Debts contracted for the Use of the Harbour, unless they are relieved, by obtaining a Continuation of the Duty granted by the aforesaid Act, or by such < other Means, as to the House shall l'eem meet: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term granted by the former Act, for such further Time, as to the House shall seem fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the samp, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Urquhart, Colonel St. Clair, Mr. Earle, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. May, Mr.

Mr. Corbett, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Fox, Mr. Gildart, Colonel Mordaunt, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. White, Mr. Grenville, Lord Limerick, Sir Wm.Cod Mr. Whitworth, Mr.

Hedworth, Mr. Mor den, Sir Robert Brown, Lord Gage, Mr. Gore, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Bladen, Sir

Jhaigh, Sir John ShelleyMr. Poulett, Mr. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Archer, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Wode house, Sir Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Bowes, Sir Stapylton, Mr.

Cholmondeley, Mr, Maijter, Dr. Butler; and all the Members who lerve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Shoreditch A Petition of the principal and divers other Inhabi-to Stanford tants of the Parish of St. John at Hackney, in the County Hill Roads. of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; set-

ting forth, That the Parish of Hackney, is a Place of great Resort of Persons from the City of London; and that many Persons go and return through the said Parish to the Turnpike on Stanford ,on the great Northern Road; and that the Road from Shoreditch Church to the said Turnpike is, and has been, for many Years pall, in a very ruinous and dangerous Condition, occasioned by the many heavy Loads of Bricks, Clay, and other Materials for making Bricks, together with Gravel for amending the said great Road, and other heavy Carriages, pairing through the said Parish; and that some Deficiencies in the Laws now in being for amending the Highways, occasion Difficulties to attend the Execution of the said Laws; and that many of the best Houses in the Parish are, and have been, several Years empty through the Badness of the said Roads, to the great Da-Vot. 23.

Mr. Gore, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Frankland, Mr.

Lockwood, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Harley, Sir John,

Mr. Monson, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Mor den, Mr. While, Sir Wm. Jolliff, Sir Jof. Pennington, Sir John Molejivorth, - Mr. PlumeSir Wm. Heathcote, Mr Afliley, Mr. Kent, Mr. Byng, Dr. Sir

Edmund isham, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Mr. Polhill,

Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Yates, Captain Townshend, Mr Smith,

Mr. Edzvards, Sir Robert Hucks, Mr. Tower, Sir James Grant, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Colonel

Liddell, Mr. Corbett, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr.

Mi. Sloper, Mr. More, Mr. Laroche, Sir Henry Gough,

Colonel Duckett, Captain Martin, Mr. Papillon, Mr.

Ashe, Mr. Holden, Mr. Longueville, Sir Robert Abdy,

Mr. Bramston, Mr. Wollajton, Mr. Brereton, Mr fons, Mr. Earle, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Mr. Fere, Mr.

Lewis, Mr. Walker, Sir Roger Bradjhaigh, Mr. Thonip-son. Sir James Naysmith, Sir John Rushout, Mr.

Leathes, Colonel Oglethorpe Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Copleston,

Mr. Leheup, Sir Thomas Lowther, Mr. Gildart, Mr.

Peirs; and all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex, and City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Cordwainers living in and near the Lawsrefpea-City of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Manufacturers of Leather in this Kingdom, was presented to the Hpufe, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners find, by the Votes of the House, that a Petition has been presented by the Curriers and some other Dealers in Leather, alleging, That they, amongst others, were meant by the Statutes now in force, to be at Liberty to cut and fell Leather, Hides, and Skins, in such Pieces and Parcels as they should think proper; and also complaining, That should they be hindered from cutting and felling such Hides and Skins in such Pieces and Parcels, it would be highly injurious and oppressive to them, and great Numbers of his Majesty’s industrious Subjects; and praying the Consideration of the House, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the several Statutes in their said Petition mentioned: And reprelenting to the House, that the Curriers have, for a long time pall, endeavoured to supplant and subvert the Petitioners Trade, audengrofs and monopolize the Leather Manufacture to themselves, by buying up, not only red tanned Leather, but also divers other Sorts of Leather, which they do not, nor can, manufacture, nor can the same receive any Benefit from anything the y do thereto; and by using other unwarrantable Practices, in order to prejudice and put Hardships and Difficulties on the Petitioners, and other Manufacturers of Leather, in their respectiveTrades, notwithstanding the several Laws now in force, some of which are of

many

0

Meux’s

Name.

44

[ — a* M

A. 1737.

many Years Handing, to prevent the fame; and expressing veiled in, the Petitioner; and that the Petitioner, in their Hope, that, if they may be allowed an Opportunity Performance of the said Condition contained in the said of being heard, to make it appear to the House, that Settlement, hath ever since taken upon himself, and been the Curriers have no Foundation of Complaint: And called by, the Surname of and is desirous

therefore praying, that the same of the Petitioners may that the said Surname should be confirmed upon him, be taken into Consideration; and that they may have and the Heirs Male of his Body, by Authority of P.irlia-Leave to be heard by themselves, or Counsel, in what ment: And therefore praying, That Leave may be they have to offer against the Allegations contained in given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid. the Petition of the said Curriers, at such time, and in such Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

manner, as the House shall please to order; or that they according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the Mr. Horfmonden Turner and Mr. Earle do prepare, House shall seem meet. and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of the Curriers, and other Dealers in Leather, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and Parishioners, of the Parish Church of St. Mary, -

hith, in the County of Surry, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, be now taken into Consideration.

Roth

Chi

The House proceeded, accordingly, to take into Con-And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow sideration the said Report:

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

And the same was read at the Clerk’s Table; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition: And, in order to prove the Allegations thereof.

The Petitioners laid before the Committee an Act of Parliament, passed in the Third Year of his late Majesty, to enable them, by certain Funeral Rates therein mentioned, to finish their Parish Church; and to raise a Sum

f'ovis, 2° die Martii;

Anno u* Georgii IP Regis, 1737.

Pa AYERS.

AP E11TIO N of William Majfingberd Esquire,

heretofore called William Meux Esquire, was pre- for that Purpose, not exceeding Fifteen hundred Pounds, Dented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Sir by granting Annuities for the fame:

William MaJJingberd, late of Gunby, in the County of And it appeared by the Evidence of

Lincoln, Baronet, deceased, to whom the Petitioner was William Garland, Churchwarden, That, before the Nephew, and is immediate Heir at Law, did, by Inden- Application to Parliament for the above-mentioned ture bearing Date the 19th Day of November 1723, Act, the Sum of f. 1,300 had been raised by the Inha-settle the Manor of Bratoft, with the Appurtenances, bitants of the Parish, and other considerable Sums by in the said County of Lincoln, and divers other Manors, Briefs and Benefactions, and applied towards the re-Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, therein parti- building the said Church; and that the same has been cularly mentioned and described, to take Effect, after so dona at the further Expence of f. 1,200 borrowed Failure of I due of his own Body, to the Use of Elizabeth upon the Credit of the said Act; and that the Church Meux his Sifter, the Petitioner’s late Mother, for her is in a very good Condition, but not yet large enough.

Life; and, after her Decease, to the Use of the Peti- Mr. Thomas being then called, and examined,

tioner William Meux, her eldest Son, for his Life; and, said. That he had lived in the Parish Thirty-eight Years} after the Petitioner’s Death, to the Use of the Petitioner’s and that, when he first came into it, he believed there First and other Son and Sons, in Tail Male, successively; were not above 900 Families in the Parish; but that and, in Default of fuchlffue, to the Use of the Peti- now, he apprehends, there are above 16 or 1700, or tioner’s Brother Richard Meux,the Second Son of the thereabouts; and that this Increase of Parish ioners-said Elizabeth Meux, for his Life; and, after his Death, appeared fufftciently, from their Church-yard beings to the Use of his First and other Son and Sons, in Tail crowded with the Dead, to such a Degree, that they Male, successively; and, in Default of such Issue, to the are frequently obliged to dig up Bodies for want of Use of the Petitioner’s Brother Thomas Meux, Third Room, in order to deepen the Graves, that they may Son of the said Elizabeth Meux, for his Life; and, after lie upon one another.

his Decease, to the Use of his First and other Son and Adam Dclfey, Sexton of the Parish, was then called, Sons, in Tail Male, successively; and, in Default of such and examined: Who further said, That, within these Issue, Remainder to Burr el Majfingberd, of South Ormef- Twelve Months, he had been obliged to take up Three

by, in the said County of Lincoln, Esquire, his Heirs and Load of Bones, with the Flefii scarce off of many of Assigns for ever; upon this express Condition, that they them, and did not know where to dispose of them, the said William Meux, Richard Meux, and Thomas Doctor Rector of the said Parish,'Mr.

Meux, the Sons, and the Heirs Male of their respective Doyard, and Mr. Adam Delfey, being (everally examin-Bpdies issuing, when, and as they shall respectively come ed, said. That the Church was too small to contain- the . into the actual Possession or Inheritance of the Premises, present Number of Inhabitants of the Parish; and that, by Virtue of the Limitations aforesaid, shall affurae re- it might be easily enlarged about 20 Feet by 16, by the spectively the Surname of Majfingberd; and, in Default Removal of the Steeple to one End of the Church, thereof, the Person or Persons refusing so to do, shall which was now vfery inconveniently situated, the fame, not takq any Benefit, by virtue of the Limitations therein taking up a considerable Parr of the Body of the Church;. contained, or any of them; and, in such case, the Person but that the same could nof.be enlarged without- the who, by virfne of ,the same Limitations, is to take next Steeple being taken down.

in Remainder after the Person so refusing, shall enter Then the Petitioners laid before the Committee an. upon and enjoy the Premises, in as full Extent, and in as Order of Veftty, bearing Date the 7 th of February 1737,1 beneficial Manner, as if the Person so refusing was na- after due Notice given for that Purpose, for an Appli-turallydead; provided such Person in Remainder, to take cation to Parliament, to enlarge the Term and Powers by viruie of such ltefufal, shall assume the Surname of grauted by the Act of the 3d Year of his late Majesty; Majfingberd, in manner aforesaid: And that the said in order to enable the Petitioners-to purchase a new Elizubeth Meux the Petitioner’s Mother died in January Burial-place, and also to enlarge their Church, by talc- ', lull; and thereupon the Inheritance of the Premises, com- ing down, and rebuilding, the Steeple; and by which priied in the fail recited Settlement, did, by virtue of the it appeared, that Fourteen of the Vestry, had iigned the Limitations in the feme Settlement, coma unto, and ia*e- fame: And'

Mr.

Packer's

Estate.

TVGfib. II. 2° Mar til .....Vs

! ..... ’'> ' 1-i <* ’ V >. t-.-i.L4 t ii <-> 1/3V. i!tf no:ii -i i*/. vl! x* . st -v-»*

4J u Mr,i Bartholomew Woo4^}'f\ng alked, jf tfittf W4$,a ... respefi should pome to PqffeflSon, tolimitalli er

full Vestry; said*. TJiat jt wh£ a JftlH cQpt; ^apy Part of.thn Pneniifi?* t.o »* .>Wi&v i«l Jointuse, for

tljan usual, unless it was for the Lleftion of Parish her Life; and the said.D^atar^byihisYaid Will,icharged

Officers. I,.; ..... ,.....: , ., j -d|.boreal .*nd,peyfoiwl Estate with the Payment of the

Mr. Wm. Fluxion informed the Cowmitt<»,. Thai lit.is t Anwiitfes jufel legacies in his said Will mentioned, add not intended lo load the Pari/bjpners.with.any newJDu- likevyifc >vjth. fly? PayniepE of all his I)el»ts,\ Funeral . ties; but, as t^e Annuities, akfiwjy. granted, Ipw? and t.Ch^r gs% ndEssences,.and with the.C>ftsandCharges 1 shall fall in, of which there are Three already fallen In, of fad "I tuft; and of his said Willappointed llif' (hid to the( Amount of Twenty-fe.veu Pounds a Year, that Trudies Executors, anddied qo or abu.utv the 4th Day Power, might be given to giant new. Annuities, in the of April j_73.i1: And that ttie said. Executors renounced 1 room of such as have already, or shall,.from tune to time, the said E#epulorlh,ip; apd Admin ifiraf with tile said fell in, for the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition: AV’iU gujiexed, yvasgraofed to the CaidWinakcombe . And thajt, as there, is no Prpvision unade by the said and that the Lands lying in Berks, so de-

_ Act* to apply, the surplus Monies.which should. arifr, by , vised to the said fruit ees for the Purposes aforesaid, arcof The Falling in of the Annuities, it is therefore neueflary _the prqfenf yearly Value of OneThoufand Four hundred that fbme Provision should he tpade for that Purpose. and Forty.Pounds*;, hut,.after same old Lives, tuny, at Ordered, That Leave be given tp.bringifl aliiUtaen- a fipalM'jipence, be improved ta Two'hundred and large the Term and Powers,granted by an Act of Parlia- (F.ighty Pounds: And.that, Toon after the Death of the ment, made and passed in l he Thirdj War of the Reign Yaid Tftfctor, am Inventory and Appraisement. was made of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act to eti- of all the said Testator’s personal Eilat e, which amounted able the Parishioners of the Pari lb of St. Mary, Rotherhith, 40 Three, thousand Two hundred Twenty* two Founds

in the County of Surrey,by certain Funeral Ratestherein Four Shillings and Six Pence: And That, attheTesta-tnentioned, tofiniih the said'I’ariih Church, and, toienable for’s Death, the said Premises so deviled Hood mort-the said Parishioners to raise such farther Sums of Money, gaged, to several Persons, in the principal Sum of Nine-aSihall be necessary, for purchasingaconvenicot Piece of teen thousand and Four hundred Pounds, besides In-.pround, for an additional Burial Ground and forother terefl; the Bonds apd the other Debts of the said Testa-the Purposes therein mentioned: And ,t bat Colonel On- for, together with his Fuueiul Charges, amounted to the flowand Mr. Scawendo prepare, and bring in, the fame. Sum of Seven thousand Five hundred Sixty-eight Pounds Seven Shillings and one Peny; and the Legacies to the

A Petition of WfnehcombeHoward Packer, Esquire, Petitioners, and others, carrying Interest from tire said

Henry Packer, and Robert Packer, Sonsqf Robert Packer, Tcilator’s Death, amounted to the Sum tf Esquire, deceased, and also of David. Hartley, Dofior of thousand Four hundred Two Pounds Ten Shillings-:

Physick, and Elizabeth his Wife, the.only Daughter, of And that the Annuities given by the said Will, and other tile said Robert Packer, deceased, was presented to the Annuities secured by the said Testator’s Bond, to feverdl House, and read; letting forth, That the said Robert Persons, for their. Lives, amount to One hundred and Packer, by his last Will, bearing Date the 7th of Sep-Pounds a Year: So that, after Application

JLember 1730, did devifetoTrustees, in the said Will meq- of the said personal Estate, towards Payment of the fast tioned, and their Heirs, all thoft* his Manors of Shelling- Debts, Funeral Charges, and Legacies, the annual Pro-ford Honour, and Manor of Donning!on, and all the fits of t lie said Manors and Premises, so deviled as afore-Sodburys, and Lyegrove, in the Parish of One of them, laid, are not near sufficient to keep down the in the Counties of Gloucester and Berks, and all his Man- the said Mortgages and Legacies, and to pay the said ,fion-houses, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Heredi- Annuities; and that little can be raised by granting out taments, in Shellingford, Donnington, and all and every the said Copyholds of the said Manors; besides, the the Sodburysaforesaid, and all Ins personal.Estate, upon doing thereof will render the Remainder oHhe-said EC-Trull, to fell his personal Estate, towards fat isfyitig all tatelefs saleable, and the Debts thereon, and Demands his said Debts, Funeral Charges, and Legacies, in his out thereof, are so great, that there is a Necessity, that said Will mentioned; and in case such Money Humid not the Whole, or the lar greatest Part thereof* should be be sufficient to pay his Debts, Funerals, and Legacies, fold: And that ,the Petitioner ombe Howard

.then to gr&nt all, or any, of the Copyholds belonging to Packer is in prospect of felling the Manor and Advowsou his said, Manors, for the moll Money that could be got of Shellingford, entirely futyeft to the Annuities, at such fqr. the fame, and apply the same to the Payment of his a Price as will be lulficient to pay all the Debts, Charges, Debts and Legacies; and, in case, the Monies so to be and Legacies, with an Overplusofabout Three thousand Raised should uot. be sufficient to pay his Debts, Funeral Pounds; which the Petitioner and his laid Brothers, {Charges, and Legacies, then that the said Trullees, and and also the said David Hartley and Elizabeth his Wife^ their Heirs, should fellfuch Partof his Mefliiages, Lands, have agreed, that other Lands, in the said County of Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Shellingford and Sod- Berks, of the yearly Value of hundred and fyurys, , as they should think necessary, for Payment of Pounds, shall be settled to the same Uies as the said such Debts, funeral Expences, and Legacies, as should Manor of Shellingford, and the other Lands and Prei ^hen remain unpaid; and as, concerning the Residue of mises, after Payment of the said Debts, Funerals, and his said Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, remaining Legacies, aforesaid, are limited; which will be greatly pnfold, after the Payment, of his Debts, Funerals, and for the Benefit of the Petitioners and their Family; but Legacies, he limited the fame, in llrift Settlement, to that the same cannot he done without the Aid ofan Act the UCe of the Petitioner Winchcombe Howard Packer, of Parliament: And for that there is nollTae Male born fi»r Life; Remainder to his First and other Son and of the said Petitioners, or either of them, and that act Sons, in Tail MaleRemainder to the Petitioner Henry Parties interested in the said Premises are contenting Packer, for Life; Remainder to his First and other Son thereto, therefore praying. That Leave may be given to and Sons, in Tail Male; Remainder to the Petitioner bring in a Bill for enabling the said Trullees, and their Robert Packer, for Life; Remainder to his First and Heirs, absolutely to fell the said Mworof Shellingford, other Son and Sons, in Tail Male, successively; Remain- and Premises, in the County of Berks, so deviled to them, der to the Petitioner Elizabeth; Remainder to her First as aforesaid; subject nevertii to the said Annuities* and other Son and Sons, and the Heirs Male of their discharged of the said Uses and Limitations to the said Bodies; Remainder1 to the right Heirs of the Tefiator; Petitioners, as aforesaid; and for the settling in the said by which said Will Provision is made for One or more Trullees the said other Lands in the said County of Daughters of the said Petitioners Winchcombe Howard Berks, to fueli and the same Use and Uses, for the Be*

Packer, Henry Packer, and Robert Packer, in case ofnefits of the Petitioners, and their Ifiue Male, as the no Son by them respectively; with Powers annexed to said Residue of the said Manor and Lands, devised at the said Estate, for Lite, as the Petitioners Winchcombe aforesaid, after Payment of the Deb^s, Funerals, and Howard Packer, Henry Packer, and Robert Packer, Legacies; are limited and settled by the said recited Vot, 23. N Ordered,

i* Martii. A. 1737.

Ordered, That the Cud Petition be referred to the Confident ion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referied to Mr. Plamer, Mr. Wm.

M r. Rickard Phtmer, M r. Prvcu. Mr. Sa*dys,'Slr. Eerie,

Mr. Forrejter, Mr. Dawkins, Sir Nathanael Mr.

Brereton, Mr. Gore, Sir Ckr. Powell, Sir Edmund Jsham,

Sir John Peachy, Mr. WhitwMr. Horfmonden Turner, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Nicholas Williams,

Lord Wallingford, Mr. Chobnonddev, Mr. Parfcns, Mr.

Ongtey, Sir Thomas Leather, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Harden, Sir Richard Mill, Mr. Mr. Bevan,

Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Bffe, Mr. Fere, Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Henley, Sir John St. Mr. Mr.

Berkeley, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Curwen, Sir Wm. worth, Mr. L ckuood, Mr. Scawen, Sir Grant,

Mr. Yates, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Kyncfon, Mr. Wrtiinfm,

Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Grenville. Mr M*. Hacks,

Mr. Longueville, Sir Wm. Irby, and ail the MenP'ers

who fenre for the Counties of Berks and;

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Fire of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And bare Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

i^fabcmcgh. A Petition oi the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Coachmen, kc.Road*. Waggoners, Carriers, and others, whose Names are thereunto fubteribed, usually travelling throoch, and living near, the Roads leading from the Town of

borough, in the County of to the Town of

Derby, in the County of Derby, and from the said Town of Derby to the Town of the laidCounty

of Derby, and also of the Aldenneo, Brethren, and Common Council-men, of the Borough <-f *, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Vetting forth. That the said Roads, by reason of many heavy Carnage? frequently pa fling through the Came, are become very deep, and dangerous to Padengers; and that the Ir- V itants of the several Parities, through which the said Roads lead, cannot, by the common Method 2pr>o.r.t-=d by the Laws now in being for repairing the H rpways of this Kingdom, eflednaiiy repair the said Roads; and that, by an effectual Amendment of the said Rjaiis, a Communication would he ooened between the Comities of York, Lantaner, and Curr^, ai>l the la d Counties of Derby, Leiceier, and c*.r.er ad;ac*at Counties; by which Means Trade ar d Commerce would be much advanced and improved ;a thete Counties: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Carl Roari- in loch Manner, and by such Mean?. as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, Tt.it the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, iz the House:

And it is referred to Sir Nathanael Curzon, Brigadier Hand:/.- i, Mr. Pturner, Mr. Crane, Mr. Mr.

Ltngdez Mr. Medb.cott, Mr. Kent, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Kyrvfcn, Mr. Packer, Sir Wm. Healhcoie, Mr.

Mr. Pg:t>, Mr. Ptw-iptre, Mr. Whitworth, Mr.

ifCjSlr TK.ru Mr. Hcotter, Mr. Grif'h, Lord

Lh~ry P,-c£t:, Mr. VcnMr. Lechmere, Mr. h-'CC, Mr. B-LLII.ter, Mr. Put, Sir Henry Gough, Mr. Ha, Mr. True Mr. Alderman Parfcns, Dr. Butler, Hr: n-.wt. Lord 1 TaUing/ord, Sir Wm. Carezc,

A iz. n,.Hr. Linde say. Sir James Grant, Mr.

-Sr- c O Jc.-s. Mr. Mr. Scawen.Mr.

Wi.hams, Mr. Guidott, Lord Sidney Mr. Neele, Mr. Charles Stanhope, Mr. Parker; itji i.] u*e Me miners who serve for the Counties cf

1* r:>eg\am, L and;

A...1 - r-jto meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Ciojt. :.* Speaker s Chamber: And have Power to fc'.'t :»*r Pe-.hr,s. Papers, and Records.

’ re A /’n.t.rm of the Trustees,whose I lands are thereunto iuucrned. on behalf of themselves, and the other Tnif-v :'« putting in execution an \ti of Parliament,

passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from LemsfordMill, in the County of Hertford, to Welwyn, and from thence to Cory's Mill, and from Welwyn, through Codicot, to Hitchin, in the said County; also of the Per-foos who have advanced Money 00 the Credit of the said Act; and of several Gentlemen, Fanners, Waggoners, and others, living in and near, and travelling, the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act, and also the Road from Cory's Mill to Hitchin-, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the Tune ofpaffing the said Act, the Roads thereby directed to be repaired were in such a ruinous Condition, that the said Trustees were obliged to borrow considerable Sums of Money upon Credit of the said Act, in order to nuke the said Roads nailable; which, together with the Tolls anting by the said Act, have been duly applied; notwithstanding which, the said Roads, by reason of the exceflire Weights drawn through the fame, and of the Decrease of the Tolls occa Honed by Drovers avoiding the Toll-gates erected by virtue of the said Act, by driving their Cattle through Bye-ways, for want of a Power in the said Trustees to set of Toll-gates on the Roads North of Webacyn, to prevent^ Droves of Cattle only

avoiding the said Toll-gates, are not all yet repaired; and that there is full due upon Credit of the said Act One thousand and Six hundred Pounds, Principal Money, btfides Intenlt; and that the Road leading from Cory’s Mill aforesaid to Hitchin aforesaid, being Part of the Road between HiUhin and Hertford and IFare, Three of the principal Market and Trading Towns in the said County,is, by reason of the many heavy Carriages pairing through the fame, become so bad, that it cannot, by’ the ordinary Course of the Laws now in being for repairing the Highways of the Kingdom, be effectually amended, without fotne other Provision being made for that Purpose: And therefore praying. That Lea\e may be g'ven to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act (without any additional Toll or Duty ). so that the Repairs ot" the Roads, thereby d.re~ed to l«e repaired, may be completed, and the lall-mrntioned Road eff'-c’ually amende-1, out of the Twu-tlnrd Parts of the Money to be raised by the said Act, and thereby applicable, from Wekcvn to in

such manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Pet ition be referred to the Conlkleration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to ti*e House:

And it is referred to Mr. H m. Plumer, Mr. Plumer, Mr. RichardPlumer. Sir Thomas Clarke, Mr. Brajev, Mr. ICianingtcm, Mr. Laicton. Lori Sidney Bcauclcrk, Mr. Papiuon, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Monjon, Mr. Pdui'l, Mr. (Terr. Mr. Thomas Gere, Mr. Rozcnrtj, Sir Xict’.js lt\diamf9 Mr. Bung, Mr. Craze ley, Mr. Bcran, Mr. Ld'n^urvilie, Mr. Hc'Tper^ Mr. Houbion^xrWVi. Hca'hcvtc. Dr. Butler, Sir Thomas Anon, Mr. Ash 'r?, Sir Jerem\ S-ii\broo\e, Mr. Ongley, Sir Robert Grcjzensr, Mr. Jl a:i;n M r s. ITiiine, Mr. Thompfvn of Fori’, Mr. Robert Hucks, Mr. Tuomas Tourer, Mr. Wardour, Mr. Forie, S;r Xathanael Cu^un, Sir James Grant, Mr. AVaie, Sir Francis Cuiid, Mr. Par-Jons, Mr. Medifcott, Mr. B //c, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Htiell, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Tozcer, Sir Chr. PoueU, Mr. Grif~ UcyJ, Mr. Bathurii% Mr. Brad.hau, Mr. />'//. kinjln, Mr. Cr iTe; and all the Members u ho lerve for the Counties of Her Jerri, Bedford, Huntingdon, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the CWk, in the Speaker s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the Counties of Lincolmnd Rutland, as also of many Persons usually travelling in the Northern Hoad, lying between the Towns of Grantham and Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting fortix That the said Road, by reason of the many heavy Carr ^res frequently passing through the fame, is become Ttrj deep, and in many Parts thereof, in the Winter sea-

Grantba*

Road*

Christchurch Middlesex Streets, &c.

i i Geo. II. a° Martii.

47

son, dangerous to Passengers; and that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, through which the said Roaa leads, cannot, by the common Method appointed by the Laws now in being for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, effectually amend the said Road: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road aforesaid, in such Manner,' and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sir John

Mr. Packer, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Plump tie, Mr. Gregory,

Mr. Crosse, Mr. /lucks, Mr. Compton, Mr.

Mr. Brereton, Sir James Grant, Sir Powell, Mr.

Danvers, Dr. Lee, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Wilk inf on, M r. Smith,

Mr. Scawen, Mr. Che/ter, Mr. . Mr. Dawkins,

Mr. Alderman Parjons, Mr. Yorke, Sir Nathanael zon. Sir Robert Austen, Mr. IVigley, Mr. Hoare, Mr. Lechmere, Sir Wm.Heathcote, Colon; I Oglethorpe, Mr.

Ingram, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Berkeley, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Lord John Murray, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Hylton, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Dodingto Mr. Medlycott, Mr.

Lindefay, Mr. Proby, Mr. Beva Mr. Robert J /ticks,\ir. IVm. Plumer, Mr. Gore, Mr. White, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Archer, Mr. Gybbon, Sir

Wm. Irby, Mr. More, Mr. Laroche, Mr. of

York, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Gower, Mr. Baptist

Leveson Gower, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Walter -gott. Sir Henry Slingsby, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Thomas Noel, Mr. James Noel, Sir John gan, Mr. Crewe, Colonel Anf/ruther, Mr. Ivory Talbot, Mr. Ben. Bathurst, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Finch Mr. Henry Finch, Mr. Wm. Finch: and all the Members who serve for the Comities of Lincoln, Rutland, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Cloek, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Christ-church,in the County of whole

Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of them felvts, and other Inhabitants of the said Parish, was prefen ted to the House, and read; setling forth, that the Petitioners find, by the Votes of this House, that a Bill is depending for the better enlightening of the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts; and for the better regulating the nightly Watch, and Beadles; within the Parish of Christ-church, in the County of which Bill, if it should pass into a Law, as the Petitioners apprehend, will occasion the Ruin of many hundred Families within the said Parish; the annual Expence thereby intended to be laid upon the Inhabitants, being too great for them to bear; in regard their Poor are already very numerous, and that above One-half of the Inhabitants of the Parish are now excused from paying

regulating the nightly Watch, mid Beadles, within the Par.tb of Christ-church, in the County of MiddleJ'ex, be read a Second time: And that the Petitioners, if »hey think fit,be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That Counsel be heard at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon TueJ'day Fortnight.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road leading from TrentTV.dge, the Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Not- rnarNouing-tingham, through Costock,otherwise Irani, Ko&<ls. to Cotes Bridge, in the County of was read

the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Nottingham, through Costock, otherwise Cortlings/ock Lane, to the Bridges, commonly known by the Name of Cotes Bridge, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That M r. Plumptre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House, accord- Supply Bill; ing to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, band'lax. by a Land 'Fax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1738: And the same was received > and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Account of

Scotch Li-

Mr. Lindefay, from the Commissioners, appointed by his Majesty’s Letters Patent, for improving the Fisheries and Manufactures in that Part of Great Britain called nens stamped Scotland, presented to the House,pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Linens stamped in Scotland, for Sale, from the ill November 1728 to the ift 1737.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make dut a new Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Vew Wind for, in the County of Berks, in the room of the Right honourable Fere;

Esquire, commonly called Lord Vere; who,

since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of

Sir Francis Child reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, One of the Third, and the other of the Tenth, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

New \Yind« foi Wnu

Hounslow, &c. Roads,

to the Poor’s Rate, by reason of their Inability; and the George the First, for repairing the Highways from that Poor have, for several Years part, so greatly increased, part of Counters Bridge, which lies in the Parish o that their Work-house is not at present sufficient to con- jington, in the County of Middlesex, to the Powder Mills tain them; and so large a Number being together, has in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the occasioned a nauseous Distemper to rage araongst them, said County, in the Road to , was referred,

and therefore it is necessary that another should soon be That the Committee had examined the Matter of the

provided for that Purpose; which, the Petitioners conceive, the Parishioners are not now able to do, by reason of the large Debts they have already contrafted (Part of which carrying a high Interest), for the Use of the said Parish; which Debt, at present, they are not able to discharge; and that, if the Bill should pals, as it is now drawn, many of the Petitioners will be deprived of such Relief as they are entitled to by the Laws now in force: And therefore praying, That the House will be pieased to give the Petitioners Leave to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, or to give them such other Belief in the Premises, as to the House seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the better enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts; and for the better Vox,. 23.

said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: where the same was read; and is as follows , viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the Iloufc, examined the Matter of the said Petition: And, to prove the Allegations thereof, the Petitioners laid before the Committee,

Two Acts of Parliament, mentioned in their Petition: By the First of which it appeared, That several Tolls and Duties were granted, for the Term of Eleven Yuars; and which, by the other A.’I, were further continued and made payable for an additional Term of seventeen Years, for repairing the said Highways.

Then

*8

2" Martii.

A. 1737.

Then Mr. James Tyton, Clerk to the Trustees im- And that the pulling down and rebuilding the Add 0 powered to pot the1 said Acts in Execution, laid before Church would amount to near £. a,oooo; which the Inhfc-the' Committee an 'Account of the Receipts -and Dif- bitants ate not able to raise, by reason of the Decay’of buHements for Seven Years lull past; and also, an Ac- the Woollen blanufacture in that City.

count of the Money borrowed upon the Credit of the ' OrdeThat Leave be given to bring in a Bill for -fakfAfts; whereby it appears, the Sum of£. 7,000 now rebuilding the Church of the’Parish of in the

remains due on the Credit of the said Tolls: City of Worcijier: And that Mr. Sandys and Mr. Lock-

And James Clilherow Esquire,' being examined, said wood do prepare, arid bring in, the fame.

That the Trullees, finding the said Highways in a very

ruinous Condition, and the annual Income of the Tolls Mr. presented to the House,'according to Inrolment

not being sufficient effectually to repair the fame, were ' Order, a Bill for allowing further Time for Inrohrient of Papish ’ " ‘ 1 " of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of w"i!*>n<*

obliged, from time to time, to borrow Money, to carry on the Repairs; and that the Sum of 7,000 is still due upon the Credit of the said Tolls: Which Sum so borrowed, and the Tolls collected, have been duly laid out in amending the Highways.

And it appeared to the Committee, That part of the

Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees: And the same Was teceived; and read the First time.

Jtejbived, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, arid other

Highways are made very bad, by Meal and Com W'ag- Inhabitants, dwelling in the Towns of East Grebrwidi,

gons carrying such excessive Weights, as they haVe done of late Years:

That, by the lad-mentioned-Act, the Inhabitants of Brentford Town are obliged to pay 9 per Annum to the Trullees, for each House, towards repairing the Pavement of the said -Town, ami, upon their paying that Sum, are discharged1 from doing their Statute-work on the Roads in the Parish to which the said Town belongs; which has been found to be expensive and burdensome to (rich Inhabitants:

And Mr. C'l/VAmwfurther said, Thatthe Money now due and owing cannot be repaid, with Interest, and the said Highways be Sufficiently amended, and kept in good Repair, for the Accommodation of Travellers, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said former Acts be further continued.

Woolwich, Lee, and, and

other Parishes arid Places contiguous thereto, in the County of Kent, was-presented to the House, and read; Getting forth. That an Act, which passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King' the

First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading frorii the Stones End in Kent-street, in the Parish of St.

in the County of Surry, to the Lime-Kilns in East Greenwich, , and to Letoif-

ham Church, being the Tunbridge Road, in the County of was to continue, from the 25th Day o 1718, during the Term of Eleven Years frOm thende next ensuing; and that another Act Was made, in the Sixth Yr ear of his said late Majesty’s Reign, for erishrglrtg the Term granted'by the said Act, in the Fourth Year rif his said Majesty’s Reign, and for repairing the HigWays leading from Westminster Ferry,in the ParHh of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for in the County of , to New Cross, in the Parish df enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two Acts Deptford, in 'the County of Kent; and for enlarging the of Parliament, One of the Third, and the other Of the Term granted by an Act, passed in the Forirth Year Of Tenth, Year of the Reign of his late M fyefty Is. i ng George his said Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for amending the First, for repairing the Highways from that Part of the Roads from the City of London to the Town 6f‘Efljf Counter's Bridge, which lies in the Parish of Kensington, Grinstead, in the County of Sussex, and to Sutton and in the County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns Kingson, in the County of Surry and for explaining and of Brentford and Hounslow, to the Powder Mills in the amending the same Act; to continue and be in force, Road to Staines, and to Crarford Bridge, in the said from the Expiration of the aforesaid Term of Eleven County, in the Road to Colnebrook; and for making the Years, for the Term of Teh Years from thence next en-said Acts more effectual: And that Sir Francis Child atwl fning, subject to the Alterations therein contained; which Mr. Pultney do prepare, and bring in, the fame. last-tnentioned Term of Years will expire at Lady-day

1739; and that the above-recited Acts have been found Worcester Mr. Sandys, reported from the Committee to whom very beneficial to the Public; and, by a due applicri-Church of the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and principal tion of the Tolls thereby raised, a considerable Progress All Saints, ^habitants, of the Parish of All Saints,in the Cityof IFiof- in the Amendment of the said Highways hath been made;

cester, was referred. That the Committee had examined yet, as the Trustees for putting in Execution the said the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to Acts, for repairing the Roads from the Stones End, iri report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: Kent-fircet, to the Lime-Kilns near Blackheath, in East And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards Greenwich, &c. in the County of Kent, by reason of the delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the farite ruinous Condition the said Highways were in at the Com-uas read; and is as follows; viz. meneement of the Term by the First Act granted, were

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of thfe tteceffitated to incumber the Laid Tolls with the Sum of House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, the following Witnesses were called; viz.

Mr.

Mason: who severally

East

Greenwich

Roads.

Four thousAhd N ine hrindred and Four Pounds, borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, at legal Interest, and obliged by the said Act, passed in the Sixth Year of his late , v* d t jo Majesty’s Reign, to pay the Trustees for repairing the

Blfd> Carpenter and Mr. Richard-tyi/ire, j^oa(^s leading from Westminster Krrryaforesaid, through

n: who severally said. That the Parochial Church ♦Vi^PjirinipQ nf TCrwhivtnn nnd ('nmhrrrn+N tn

of All Saints, in the City of Worcester, is a very antient Building, containing in Length about 100 Feet, and in Breadth 60 Feet:

Thatthe saidChurch was built with Sand-done; which is now so decayed, that the Tower thereof,-feme time past, fell down, and damaged the Roof; and the Walls

the Parishes of Newiiigton and tp New Cross,

as aforesaid, the Sum of One hundred and Fifty Podnds Sterling per Annum,by FourOuarterly Payments,during the continuance of the said Act, for repairing those Roads; and likewise at great Difficulty to come at good Materials, and great Expence in buying and carrying the re-- of, by reason of the same lying at a great Distance from

declined from their proper Pofttions, so that they would a great Part of the said Roads which they have not certainly fall, if not supported by Props: been ab)e hitherto, by all the said Tolls to this time cot-

That, for about Seven Years last past, the Inhabitants lested, both to maintain in such a State as to make them of the said Parish have laid out about 2601, in the Repair safe and convenient for T ravellers, and Satisfy all the Iri-of the saidChurch; notwithstanding which, the same is cumbrancesbefore mentioned;butthatthereftdlremains in so ruinous and decayed a Condition, that divine Ser- a Debt of One thousand and Twenty-four Pounds, with vice has not been performed therein since last June; and growing Interest, chargeable on the said Tolls; which, if that the same is incapable of being repaired: the Amendment of the said Roads are further continued,

cannot

Northfleet,

&c.

Roads,

11 Geo. II.

i° Martii.

49

cannot be paid off within the Time of the present Road between the Town of Chntham and Bought on under Term yet to come, nor the said Roads be sufficiently the Bican, in the said County of Kent and that, by a repaired, and kept in a good Condition hereafter, un- further Act, nyide in the Third Year of the Reign of his

less a further Term be granted, and the Powers in the Two former Acts contained continued; and that some Parts of the Highways leading from the Lime Kilns in East Greenwich, near aforesaid, to

the Town of Dartford, in the said County of Kent, are now, and for some time past have been, in a ruinous Condition; and that the Parishes through which the said Highways do lead, and wherein these bad Parts do lie, not being able, by the Methods prescribed by the Laws for repairing the fame, now in being, to put and keep the said Parts in such Repair, as the same should, for the Conveniency and Safety of Travellers, be in, it may be necessary, for the publick Good, to comprehend the said Highways, leading from the Lime Kilns in East Greenwich, near Blackhealh, through Welling and Crayford, to the Cock and Lyon Back Yard Gate, at the West End of the said Town of Dartford, tinder the same Trull and Powers with the Ronds herein before described and mentioned, in the further Term proposed to be granted: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for granting a further Term from the Expiration of the present; and for enlarging and making effi ftual the Powers in the Two former Acts granted, and extending the fame, for repairing the Roads through Welling and Crayford, to the Cock and Lyon Back Yard Gate, at the West End of the Town of Dartford, as aforesaid; for so long a Time, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Christopher Powell, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Turner,

prefeiit Majesty, it was enacted, That, from and after the Sixth Day of June in the Year of our Lord 1736* so much of the above-recited Act of the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, as appropriated the yearly Sum of One hundred Pounds to be paid out of the Tolls granted by the above mentioned Act of the Tenth of her late Majesty Queen for and towards widening and repairing the Road between Chatham and Boughton under the Bleqn, should Hand repealed; and that the Tolls, Fo arising, have, in a gn at measure, answered the Purposes for which the same was laid j infomnch that the several Roads therein mentioned are greatly improved, and rendered lirtuch more commodious thereby; hut that such Part of the great Road, leading from the Stones End in Kent Street. to the City of Rodlefler, as lies in the parities of ford, Stone, Northfleet, and Swanfcombe, is in most Parts very narrow, and much ont of Repair; and the said Parishes, by reason of many Cross Roads leading through the fame, are not in anywise able sufficiently to repair the greatRoads above mentioned, by the Laws now in being: And the Term in the said Act of the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King the First

being near expired, therefore praying, That, for the better widening and repairing so much of the said great Road, from the Stones End to the City of Rochester, as lies within the said Parishes of Dartford, Stone, Northfleet, and Swanfcombe, and forcompleting the Repair of the Roads, directed by the said former Acts, Leave may be given to bring in a Billforenlarging the Term and Powers granted and given in and by the said former Acts, for fuel) Time, and to such Purposes, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, dwelling

Mr. Pelham, Mr. Hucks, Admiral St civ art, Mr. Pupil- in the Towns of East Greenwich, Deptford,

Ion, Colonel Mordaunt, Dr. Lee, Mr. Gore, Sir Wm.

Heathcole, Mr. Forrefter, Mr. John, Mr. Crosse, Mr. fjongueville, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Eyles, Mr.

Mr. Pitt, Sir James Grant, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Mr.

Scaicm, Mr. Walker, Mr. Mor den, Mr. Corbett, Mr. More, Mr. IItinge ford, Mr. , Mr. Alderman

Parsons, Mr. Smith, Mr. Dawn ms, Mr. Mr.

Paifons, Colonel Onslow, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Vere, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Hales, Sir zon, Mr. White, Mr. Chester, Mr. Byng, Mr.

Mr. Griffith, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Mr. Wynne,

Mr. Medlycort, Sir Henry Gough, Sir John Norris, Mr.

Whitworth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Archer, Mr.

Lord John Sackville, Mr. , Sir Geo.

Lord Wallingford, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Earle, Mr. Wyndham, Colonel Duckett, Mr. Hay, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Surry, Sussex, and for the Cinque Ports: Aud they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Woolwich, Lee, and Ellham, and other Parishes and Places contiguous thereto, in the County of Kent, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The Order of the Day being read;

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act for holding the Assize for the County of Cormvall, at a convenient Place within the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rifolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refolre it fell'into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Cornwall

Assize.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Iron Account of

— - - - jroiI

imported.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Parishes of Dartford, Stone, Northfleet, and Swanfcombe, in the County of Kent, and others inhabiting within the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, certain Powers were granted, and Toils and Duties imposed, for railing Money for enlarging, amending, and maintaining, the Road betwixt Northfleet, Gravesend, and Rochester, In the County of Kent, for a Term therein mentioned; and, by another

imported into England, from 1735 to Christ-

mas 1736, from foreign Countries, with the Duties payable thereon, and how much the same amounted to, diflingtiishing each Country, be referred to Committee, to whom the several Petitions relating to the Manufacture of Iron are referred,

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Iron, in Bars, Pigs, or Sows, imported i; to , from the

Plantations; difiinguilhingeach Species; with the Duties

payable thereon; and how much the same a mounted to; from Christmas 1735 to Chidf-nas 1736; J'imguHhing; be referred 10 the said Committee.

1

each Plantation:

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of wrought Iron, and Iron iu Bars, exported to the Plantations, from Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King Christmas 173 5 to Christmas 1736; each,

George tine First, the Terra by the said former Act granted Plantation; be referred to the said Committee, was enlarged, for the feme Purposes as were in the said Ordered, That the Account of the Duty which has been Account of

first Act mentioned, and Part of the Money, arising received by Exdfe on Beer and Ale fold in Birmingham Dvty.°!>.. thereby,wa& directed to be applied toward* repairing the Ddtrift, in the County of Warwick, for Six Years /aft Vol.23. O past;

50 — 3° M - 1737.

pait; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clocks

V eneris, 30 Martii;

Anno ii® Georgii II41 Regis, 1737.

Prayers.

Lawsrespect- /ORDERED, That the Mailer of the Rolls, Lord

ing tanned Limerick, Lord Gage, Mr. Cafter, Mr. Compton, Mr.

Leather. Cartwright, Sir Wm. W Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Pidteney, Mr. Thomas Archer, Mr. Henry Archer, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Serjeant Skinner, Sir Robert Clifton, Mr. Lockwood, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. May, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Plumer, Lord Mr. Mr. Stephen Fox, Mr. Walkin Wms. Wynne, Mr. of

York, Mr. Fane, Mr. Horatio Walpole, Colonel Duckett, Mr. Foley, Mr. Alderman Marshall, Mr. Banks, Mr, Proby, Mr. Noel, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr.

Mr. Earle, Mr. Winningto and Mr. be

added to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Curriers, and other Dealers in Leather, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and itiauy others, is referred.

Ordered, That the said Committee do report their Opinion to the House, upon the Petition of the Cord-wainers, living in and near the City of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and the rest of the Manufacturers of Leather in this Kingdom, referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit the Petitioners on the said Petition to be heard, if they they think fit, by their Counsel, before the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit the Petitioners the Curriers, and other Dealers in Leather, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and many others, to be heard, if they think fit, by their Counsel, before the said Committee.

Ordered, That all that come to the said Committee have Voices.

River L«a A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and

Navigation, Inhabitants, of the Town of Hertford-, and of the Inhabitants of the Town of Ware, in the County of Hertford-, and of several Farmers, Mai tilers, and Barge Owners, living in or near the said Towns, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and several hundreds of other Persons, residing near to, and concerned in, the Navigation on the River Leu, running from Hertford to Ware, and from thence to the River of Thames, near the City of London; and of the Governor and Company of the River, brought from

Chadwell, and Amwell, to London; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Navigation of the said River Lea is an antient Navigation, and hath been very useful to the Publick, by conveying great Quantities of Grain and other Goods to and from the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof; and that the Petitioners, the Governor and Company of the New River, have usually taken, and Hill take, great Quantities of Water out of that Part of the River Lea, which runs from Hertford to Ware, for supplying the said Cities, Suburbs, and Liberties thereof, with Water; touching which, many Disputes and Controversies have arisen between the Petitioners the Governor and Company, and the Navigators, and other Persons, concerned in the Navigation on the said River Lea, which have lately been accommodated; and that, although the Settling of such Disputes will be of great Advantage to the Publick, by ascertainingand improving that Part of the Navigation

on the River Lea, running from Hertford to Ware, and will very much improve the Navigation of that Part which runs from Ware to the River Thames, and enable the Petitioners the Governor and Company to supply the said Cities, Suburbs, and Liberties, with good Water, and tend very much to Increase of Trade; yet such Agreement cannot be established and made effectual, without the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for ascertaining, preserving, and improving, the Navigation of the said River Lea-, and to enable the said Governor and Company the better to supply the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, with good Water.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Clarke, Mr. -tunRolt, Mr. Brajfey, Mr. Plumer, Lord Wallingford,

Sir NathanaelCurzon, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Mr. Plump-tre, Mr. Winnington, Lord Sundon, Sip John Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Roger -Jhaigh, Mr. Fere, Mr. Alderman Willimott, Mr. Owen,

Brigadier Midleton, Mr. Coster, Sir James Grant, Mr.

Walker, Mr. Nedham, Mr. llucks. Sir Robert Austen,

Mr. Edward Gibbon, Sir John Shelley, Mr. Drummond,

Mr. White, Admiral Stewart, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Earle,

Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Tower, Sir Chr. Powell, Mr. Crosse,

Mr. Houblon, Captain Rockland, Mr. Plumer, Mr.

Richard Plumer, Mr. HorJ'monden Turner, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Shuttlcioorth, Mr. Mr.

Lloyd, Mr. Gibbon, Sir John Heathcote-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex,

and Middlesex, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of raw Silk, and Prohibition Mohair Yarn, and of Needlework Buttons, and of the of Stuft-Traders and Dealers therein, whose Names are there- buttons, &c. unto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Manufacturers, Traders, and Dealers, as aforesaid, in the several Towns of Macclesfield, and

Congleton, in the County of Chester, and Leek in the County of Stafford, and the Parts adjacent, in the several Counties of Chester, Stafford, and Derby, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for employing the Manufacturers, and encouraging the Consumption of raw Silk and Mohair Yarn, by prohibiting the Wearing of Buttons and Button Holes made of Cloth, Serge, or other Stuffs, it is, amongst other things, enacted, That, from and after the 29th Day of September 1722, it lliould not be lawful for any Person whatsoever, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, to nfe or wear, on any Clothes, Garments, or Apparel whatsoever, any Buttons or Button Holes, made of, or bound with. Cloth, Serge, Drugget, Prize,

Camlet, or any Stuffs, whereof Clothes or wearing Garments are usually made, Velvet excepted, under the Penalties thereby inflicted; and that the Maintenance and Subsistence of many Thousands of Men, Women, and Children, in the several Towns and Counties aforesaid, depends on making Silk, and Mohair Yarn, and Thread Buttons and Button Holes with the Needle; and great Numbers of Throwllers, Spinners, Winders, Twist-ers, and others, are employed in preparing the Materials whereof such Buttons and Button Holes are made; and the raw Silk and Mohair Yarn, being the greatest Part of such Materials, are purchased in Turkey, and other foreign Parts, in Exchange for the Woollen and other Manufactures of this Kingdom; and that the Manufacture of Buttons, wrought with the Needle, having, through the Encouragement from time to time given by Parliament, been carried on in the several Towns aforesaid.

11 Geo. II.

3° Mar

5*

and the Places adjacent, to great Perfection, hath for num out of the said Estate: And that the rest of the many Years been, and now is, the principal, if not the Rents, and Profits thereof were to be received and kept only. Branch of Trade, and has afforded a constant Sup- together by the Trustees,until they should raise sufficient ply of Work for the numerous Poor of this Country; to purchase Lands, of the clear yearly Value 60, and that great Quantities of Stuffs made of Horse hair, or with which they were to endow the said Church; and, mixed therewith, and other Materials, have been lately after Inch Endowment, the Payment of the 40 -

wove in narrow Breadths or Slips, and used only for num to the Incumbent was toceafe:That the said John Making and Binding of Buttons and Button Holes, in after Performance of all the Charities by the

Evasion, and contrary to the Intention, of the said Act; said Will directed to be performed, did declare, that, in and, under Pretence, that the same are not thereby pro- the last Place, the Rents and Profits of his Lands, not hibited, Advertisements have been published, and indus- otherwise disposed of, should, for ever after, be applied triously handed about, to encourage and promote the by his Trustees, for and towards buying in of Rectories Ufeand Wear thereof; and that, by such Methods, con- Impropriate, to them and their Heirs, for the Mainte-triVed with a View tofrustrate the Intention of the said nance and Continuance of the sincere Preaching of God’s Act of Parliament, the Encouragement thereby given, most holy Word in this Land for ever: And that the and the good Ends thereby proposed, are rendered Trustees having, in Performance of the Trusts created ineffectual, to the great Impoverishment of the said by the said Will, raised the said Seven hundred Pounds^ Manufactures of Needle-wrought Buttons and Button out of the Profits of the Estate, did, in the Year 1670, Holes, and other the Persons employed in prepar- lay out the same in building a Church, on Part of the ing the Materials thereof, to the great Prejudice of the Lordship called Paris Garden, then Part of the Parish of Woollen Manufacture, and to the excessive increase of St. Saviour's Southwark; and obtained an Act of Par-the Poor; and that, if not prevented by the timely Afj liament, in the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Years fiftance of Parliament, great Numbers of the Petitioners, of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for making it and many Thousands of the Poor employed in the said a separate Parish, by the Name of Christ Church: And, Manufactories, whose Livelihoods wholly depend there- for the Maintenance of the Rector of the said Church, upon, will be reducedto inexprefiible Want and Misery: until endowed with 60 as aforesaid, the

And therefore praying. That the House will give Leave that a Bill be brought in, to explain and amend the said Act, in such manner, as that the Petitioners may he

Trustees were to pay to him the said 40 per Annum, out of the Testator’s Estate; and also raise, above the said’ Seven hundred Pounds then expended, the Sum of Four

effectually relieved in the Premises, and as to the l louse hundred Pounds, if they judged necessary, for comple-shall seem meet. - ting the said new Church, and for paying the Church-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the wardens and Impropriators of St. Parish One

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- hundred Pounds, for and in respect of such voluntary mine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall Contributions and Tythes, as formerly came to the said appear to them, to the House. Parish of St. Saviour's from the Inhabitants of

And it is referred to Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Crewe, Garden, for repairing their Church*. And that the Truf-

tees raised and paid the said Four hundred Pounds additional Charge, according to the Direction of the before-mentioned Act; and also duly paid the said Forty Pounds per Annum to the Rector of the said Church: But that the Church not being then completed, having neither Steeple nor Bells; and the Rents of the Testator’s Estate being so much fallen, that the Trustees were

Mr. WatkinWms. Wynne, Mr. Brereton, Sir George

Wynne, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Courtenay, Lord Sidney

Beauclerk, Lord Grey, Colonel Cholmondeley, Sir Thomas

Ashm, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr.

Montagu, Mr. Glanville, Mr. ThompJon, Mv. Earle, Mr.

Whitworth, Mr. Longueville, Lord Barrymore, Mr.

Shuttleworth, Mr. Fox, Sir Win. Heathcote , Mr. Yates,

Mr. Affleck, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Lifter, Mr.' not likely to raise a Fund to purchase Lands of Sixty Tower, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Cojler, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Pounds per Annum, for the Endowment of the said Mr. Vtere, Mr. Berkeley, Lord Wallingford, Sir John Church, in a long Time; and the Provision of Forty

Rushout, Sir Nicholas Williams, Lord John Sackville, Pounds for the Minister being inconsiderable,

Mr. Richard Lloyd, Mr. Archer, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. another Act was passed, in the Seventh Year of the Bradshaw, Mr. Walker, Mr. Lewis, Colonel Aiiftruther, Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. May, whereby it was enacted, That the Trustees should lay Mr. Wm. Plumer, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Alderman Perry, out all the Money then in their Hands, fteing about Sir Francis Child, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Boone, Mr.

Lechmere, Mr. Romney, Mr. Bold, Mr. Alderman Par-

fons, Mr. Crawley, Mr. Alderman Willimott; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester,

Derby, Stafford, Lancaster, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Maiihall’a Foundation of Christ Church Surrey.

Four hundred Pounds, in building a Steeple, and providing a Clock and Bells; and that the Parish should, by a Pound Rate, not exceeding Three Pence in the Pound, for One Year, raise Sixty Pounds per Annum for the Minister, which was for ever to be an Addition to the said Forty Pounds per Annum, also payable by the said Trustees to the Minister, who is obliged to reiide within the said Parish; and the same was to be in lieu of the Estate of Sixty Pounds directed, by the Will

A Petition of the present Trustees, under the last Will of the said to be purchased for Endow-

and Testament of John Marshall Gentlemau, de- ment of the said Church: And that the said Trustees did, ceased, Founder of the Parish Church of Christ Church, pursuant to thelali-mentioned Act, lay out the said Sum in the County of Surrey, whose Names are thereunto of Money accordingly: And that the said Sixty Pounds subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; per Annum, so to be raised by a Pound Rate, as afore-setting forth, That the said John Marshall, by his said said, has been paid to the Minister of the said Church, till Will, dated the lift Day of August 1627, devised about the Year 1721; since when, by reason of the divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Falling of the Rents, empty Houses, and the Poverty of the said Will mentioned, to Trustees therein named, the Inhabitants of the said Parish, no more than Thirty-and their Heirs, uponTruft that they, amongst other three Pounds per Annum have been,orcould be, raised; Bequests, should thereout raise £. 700, and therewith and, in the Year 172 5, there was an ArrearofOne bun-build a new Church, and purchase a convenient dred and Forty-five Pounds due to him; whereupon the Church Yard; the Charges of procuring an Act of then Rector, and several of the Inhabitants, m -

Parliament, or the Royal Licence, or what else necef- mas Term in the same Year, exhibited a Bill in the High fary for the better effecting thereof, to be defrayed out Court of Chancery against tiiethen Trustees, for the Pay-of the Profits of the Premises; and, after Confecra- ment of the said Arrear, out of the Money then relung tion thereof, provide a Minister to be placed in the said in their Hands; to winch the Defendants put in their Church, from time to time, and pay him £ 4 per An- Answers; and on the 2d of August 172b, it was decreed Vol. 13, by

52 3° Mar Hi. 1737.

by the said Coart, That the said Trustees, out of the Rests and Profits of the Lands, and the Interest in their Hands, and the Profits of the Rectories Impropriate, when parchaled, should pay the Minister, for the Tuse being, of the said Church, Twenty-seven Pounds per Annum, to l'upply the Deficiency occasioned by the Poverty of the said Panlh: And that, lince such Decree. the said Truiiees have paid the said Arrear, and mnti — M to pay the said Sum of Twenty-seven Pounds per Jam; and have purchased the Impropriate Tythes «f fT<ndfsorth, in the County of Surr, of the yearly

YaWe of about One hundred Pounds; and also a Piece «f Ground contiguous to the Church Yard of the said Church, which was much wanted for the Burial of the Dead: And that, as the said Trustees have, by laying out the yearly Produce of the said Trust Estate, from Tame to Time, at Interest, and by Sale of Stock in the Year 1720, greatly improved the fame; and have now in their Hands the surplus Sum of about Two thousand Five, hundred Pounds: And the said Church, of which the said John MarJkqU was the Founder, being now in a very ruinous Condition, and not capable of being repaired, the Petitioners are desirous to lay out the said Sum of Two thousand Five hundred Pounds in rebuilding the fame; apprehending, that it will be a more necessary and greater Benefaction, and better anl'wer the Intention of the Founder, than laying the same out in the further Purchase of Rectories Impropriate; which is the only Trust that is not fully performed by I lie said Trustees; but that the same cannot be done, w ithout the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, ns it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Robert I lucks. Sir h m.

Heathcote, Mr White, Mr. Sir John

Mr. Burrell, Mr. Franklaiid Mr. Mr. Whit*

worth, Sir Francis Child, Sir Edward Dering, Admiral Stewart, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Sir IVm. Staple-

ton, Mr. Kent, Mr. Hay, Sir. Sir Nathanael C'ur-

xon, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Ckesler, Mr. Mr. Price,

Sir Jof Eyles, Mr. Earle, Si Mr.

Jon, Lord Barrymore, Mr. Mr. Hooper, Mr.

Walker, Mr. May, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Mr.

Knight, Mr. Hales, Mr. Laroche, Dr. Lee, Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Gore, Mr. Yates, Sir Thomas Lowther, Mr. Curwen, Sir Mr.

nington. Sir Thomas Ashton, Mr. More, Sir Edmund

Mr. Gybbon, Lord Sundon Lord Wallingford, Mr. Tur-

ner, Mr. HanburyWilliams, Mr. Neale, Mr. Tower, Mr. Bradshaw, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Lord John

Murray, Sir James Grant, Mr. Mr. Gibson;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Manafadure A Petition of the Clothiers, Makers of Kersies, Plains,

° Cloth°W and other narrow Woollen Cloths, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other Clothiers, Makers of such narrow Cloths, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Laws now in Force concerning the Making and Manufacturing of narrow Woollen Cloths, have hitherto proved ineffectual to restrain the Deceits and Abuses in making and working the said Cloths; to the great Discredit of the said Cloths, and in Prejudice to the Petitioners, and other Dealers in the said Manufacture: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Explaining, Altering, or Amending of such Laws, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-4

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Thompson of York, Mr. Wilmington, Mr. Gore, Sir Thomas Low-

ther, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Fox, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Coplefon, Colonel Howard, Colonel Ingram,

Mr. Corbet, Sir Jof.Pennington, Mr. Curwen, Mr. Hed-

zoorth, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. White, Mr. Hucks, Mr.

Whitzoorth, Mr. Plumer, Captain Bockland, Mr.

Mr. Pelham, Mr. Neale, Mr. Owen, Mr. Tower, Mr.

Campbell, Lord John Sackville, Mr. Briga-

dier Midleton, Mr. Yates, Mr. F, Mr. ville, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Gregory,

Mr. Laroche, Mr. Waller, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Hales,

Sir Wm. Wyndham, Lord Polwarth, Mr. Wm. Plumer,

Mr. Crawley, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Sir

Grant, Lord Wallingford, Sir Edward Dering, Mr.

Cojler, Mr. Tracy, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Lyttelton,

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Harley, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Longueville,

Mr. Gybbon, Sir Thomas Sanderson, Mr. Alderman limo/t, Mr. Chelwynd, Mr .'Kynaston, Mr. Bold, Sir John

Rushout, Mr. Cary, Mr. Danvers, Mr. , Mr.

Leveson Gower; and all the Members who serve for the County of York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Supply Bill; Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of Laud Iax* the Year 1738, was read a Second Time.

Rifolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Min day Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Knights of the Shires, and other Members of this House, do prepare Lifts, fairly w ritten, of Commissioners Names, for executing the said Act, for the respective Counties, Cities, and Places, for which there have been used to be Commissioners; and that the Christian and Surnames of the said Conunillioners be written at Length.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Pari <h of City of

Mary the Virgin, in the City of Oxford, whose Names Oxford are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other Inhabitants of the said Parish, u'as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by several Acts of Parliament, made of late Years, for granting to his Majesty a Land Tax of Two Shillings in the Pound, the City of Oxford was charged with the Sum of One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-seven Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Seven Pence, towards raising the Sum by the said Acts granted; and the Sum of One hundred Sixty-six Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Ten Pence Three Farthings, was, by the last Land Tax Act, charged upon the Parish aforesaid, towards railing the Sum of One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-seven Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Seven Pence; which Sum of One hundred Sixty-six Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Ten Pence Three Farthings, by reason of several Persons being removed out of the said Parish, who were taxed for large Personal Eltates, is become a very heavy Tax upon the Petitioners: And that, in the last Summer, several Houses were pulled down and deniolished, in order to build the Library, founded by the late Dr. Ratcliffe-, which, being a publick Building, is not subjecT; to be taxed , by reason whereof the Petitioners have paid contiderably more in the Pound than they did formerly, towards raising the said Sum of One hundred Sixty-six Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Ten Pence Three Farthings; and, in order to make up the said Sum the last Year, the Petitioners were obliged to pay Three Shillings and Three Pence Halfpeny in the Pound; whereas their Proportion was no more than Two Shillings in the Pound; which

Burden


1

11 Geo. II. 3* Martu. 53

Burden will be continued on the Petitioner*) unless relieved by the House: And therefore praying) That their same may be taken into Confederation) and such Relief given them as to the House shall seem tneet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in , for lire Service

of the Year 1738, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instructiott to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for the Relief of tit© said Petitioners.

Manufacture Ordered, That Mr. Cojl, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr.

the'plaata- Sir Thomas Lowther, Lord Mr. Titdr&as

tiens. Archer, Mr. Hen. Archer, Mr. Hen. Fox, Mr. Neale, Mr. PoRen, Lord Wallingford, Mr. TorAr, Sir JoJ. Pennington, Mr. Digby, Lord Ension, Mr. Fit Roy,: Mr.

Bradfiaw, Mr. Foley, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr.

Bold, Mr. Forrejter, Mr. Smith, Mr. Wright, Mr. Butler, M r. Herbert, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Mr.

Hay, Mr. May, Lord Barrymore, Mr. Gore, Sir Edward Deering, Mr Mostyn, Sir Robert , Mr. Bramston,

Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Afiley, Mr. Wottley, Sir John Ramsden, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Ironmongers, and Manufacturers of Iron, in the Towns of Birmingham, Wolverhampton, Stourbridge, and Dudley, and the Parts adjacent, in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester, is referred.

Frauds in A Petition of the Wardens and Commonalty of the

Si?verWares Mystery of Goldsmiths, of the»City of London, was ' presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are, by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King Edward the First, obliged to assay and mark wrought Plate, in order to ascertain the Standard thereof; and the Wardens are thereby empowered to go to the Goldsmiths Shops, to assay their Gold; but, in executing this Power, the Petitioners have met with such great Oppo-fition and Discouragement, that, of late Years, they have not ventured to make any Searches at all; so that great Frauds and Abufesare now daily committed, in the manufacturing, felling, and exporting wrought Plate, without the Hall Marks, or with counterfeit Marks llruck thereon, to the Discredit of the said Manufacture, the Prejudice of the fair Trader, the defrauding his Majesty’s Subjects, and the lessening the Duty laid on wrought Plate: And that the Petitioners have, for a great many Years past, kept an Assay Office in Goldsmiths Hall; and, towards defraying the Charge thereof, usually took Four Grains per Pound Troy, for allaying and marking Silver Plate; the Four Grains being about a Halfpeny in Value, and the Pound Troy Worth about Three Pound Two Shillings; but, of late Years, have taken certain Prices in Money, by Agreement with the most considerable Workers of final]

Wares, for the afiaying and marking of their small Works, besides Six Grains Diet on large Plate; notwithstanding which the Petitioners ore at a considerable yearly Charge, over and above the Whole Prb-duce of their Assay Office: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to provide such Remedies therein, and otherwise relieve the Petitioners, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it

shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Mr. Scrope, Mr.

Knight, Mr. Danvers, T-ord Mayor of London, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Earle, Lord Sun-don, Mr. White, Mr. Revell, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Brere-ton, Mr, Horfmonden Turner, Mr. Bailee, Mr. Braffey, Mr. Burrell, Lord Baltimore, Mr Leheun, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Holden, Sir Wm. Mr. Hoare,

Mr. Tracy, Mr. Whitworth, Lord Harry Mr.

Vol. 23.

Hacks, Mf. Laroche, Mr. AfUndbeU, Sir

Sir Robert Btown, General Wade, Sir Wm. JoUffi, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Aldemten WiUimott, Mr. Tower, Dr. , Sir Charles Gilmbar, Mr. Lcfitc, Mr. Abercromby, Mr.

Smith, Mr. Baptist Levefim Gower, Mr. Drummond, Mr.

Hay, Sir Thomas Sdnderfon, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Ashe, Mr.

Wyndham Ashe> Mr. OJbaldqflon, Mr. Kent, Sir Wm.

Wyndharti, Mr, Lockwood, Mr. Atelier, Lord Noel Se-merfet. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Potwarth, Mr. dys, Mr. Gybbon, Sir James Grant, Mr. Foley, Sir Hum.

Mononk, Mr, May, Mr. Crawley, Mr. Shuttletvorth, Mr. Htvigerford, Mr. Fydell, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Lee fi-

ne ie, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Cqfter, Mr.

Tucker, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Yates, Mr.

HaHey; and all the Merchants of the House: And they Ate to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of divers Merchants, Planters, and others, Spani(J} . trading to, and interested in, the British Plantations in America, on behalf of themselves, and many others, was seas, presented to the House, and read, - setting forth, That Application was made to this House, in the Year 1716, against the many unjust Seizures and Depredations that had, for several Years preceding, been committed by the Spaniards in America, upon his Majesty’s Subjects, whilst they were carrying on their fair and lawful Trade in those Parts: Upon which Application this HousecamO to a Resolution, " That, from the Peace concluded at " Utrecht in the Year 1713, to this Time, the British " Trade and Navigation, to and from the several British " Colonies in America, had been greatly interrupted, by " the continual Depredations of the Spaniards, who " have seized very valuable Effects, and unjustly taken " and made Prize of great Numbers of Ships and

" Vessels in those Parts, to the great Loss and Damage " of the Subjects of this Kingdom, and in manifest Violation of the Treaties fubflfting between the Two " Crowns And that this House was pieased humbly to address his Majesty thereupon: And that the Spaniards continuing their Depredations on the British Subjects, and no Satisfaction having been obtained for those before committed, a further Application was made to this House, in the Year 1730, complaining of the great Interruptions given by the Spaniards to the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, and their cruel Treatment of the Bril if 1 Subjects: And that this House having again taken this Matter into their Consideration, and examined into the same with the utmost Deliberation,

Game to a Resolution, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, '"That he will be graeiously " pieased to continue his Endeavours to prevent the " Depredations of the Spaniards for the future; to procurefull Satisfaction for the Damages already sustained;

" and to feenre to the British Subjects the fliH and Uninterrupted Exercise of their Trade and Navigation, to and from the British Colonies vnAmerica:"WhichAd-

dress was presented to his Majesty accordingly: And re-prefehtihgto the House, That the Spaniards have paid so little Regard to his Majesty’s most gracious Endeavours, that they have continued their Depredations almost ever since the Treaty of Seoille;and, more particularly fall Year, have carried then* to a greater Height than ever; they having arbitrarily seized several Ships, with their Ef- feflts, belonging to his Majesty’s Subjects, on the High Sestd, in the destined Course of their Voyages to and frOrii the British Colonies, amounting to a very considerable Value r And that the Captains or Matters of feme of the said Ships were, according to the last Advices of the Petitioners, and are, as the Petitioners believe, ait this Time confined by the Spaniards in the West Indies, anti the Crews are now in Slavery in Old Spain, trhere they are moftinhumanly treated; and that that cruel Nat ion make it their Practice to attack and hoard all Merchant Ships they meet with, in the Ameri Seas, unde*- Pretence of searching for Goods, which they deem contraband or not, according to their own arbitrary Will and

P Pleasure,

54 j° Martii. ’ 173^-

Pleasure, contrary to the Law of Nation*, and in manifest Violation of the Treaties subsistidg between the' Two Crowns: And, that, by these unjust and violent Proceedings of the Spaniards, the Trade and Navigation to and from America is rendered veryunfafe and precarious;

insomuch that the Insurance from Jamaica has greatly risen, on these Accounts only: And that, without some speedy and effectual Remedy, the American Trade and Navigation will be, together with the Revenue of the Crown arising therefrom, very much diminished, if not entirely loft: And farther representing to the House, That although his Catholick Majesty has stipulated by the Treaty of Seville, and by the Declaration 1732, relative thereunto, tocause Reparation to be forthwith made to the unhappy Sufferers; yet there is no instance of its having been done; so far from it, that, whilst the British Subjefcts have been amused with vain and fruitless Hopes of Satisfaction, the Spaniards have committed further In-fults and Depredations upon them, and dill continue the same unjust Practices: And that the or Orders

given by the Court of to their Governors in -rica, are only calculated, as the Petitioners, by Experience, have great Reason to apprehend, to evade giving Satisfaction to the British Subjects; for there has never been one of these Cedulas complied with, nor any Governor recalled, nor punished for his Disobedience, as the Petitioners ever heard: And that, for any Nation to affumethe Power of detaining or rummaging the British Ships, upon their lawful Voyages in the American Seas, under pretence of searching for contraband Goods, is, in effect, as the Petitioners conceive, claiming and exercif-ing the foie Sovereignty of those Seas: And that, if the Spaniards be suffered to act in this injurious Manner, to insult the Persons of his Majesty’s Subjects, or to plunder them of their Property, the Petitioners apprehend the same will be attended, not only with a great Obstruction to this valuable Branch of our Commerce and Navigation, but also with Consequences very fatal to Great Britain itself: And therefore, and as the Measures hitherto pursued have proved ineffeClual, praying the House te take the Premises into their mature Consideration, and provide such timely and adequate Remedy, for putting an End to all Insults and Depredations on the British Subjects, as to the House shall seem meet; as well as procure such Relief for the unhappy Sufferers, as the Nature of their Cafe, and the Juliice of their Caule, require: and that they may be heard, by thein-selves and Counsel, thereupon.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That it be an infiruction to the said Committee, That they do admit the said Petitioners to be heard, if they think fit, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee.

llejolved, That this House will, upon Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Spanish A Petition of the Master, Wardens, Assistants, and Depredation* Commonalty, of the Society of Merchant Adventurers, in American within the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was Seas. presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, for some Years past, the British Trade and Navigation to and from the British Colonies and Plantations in America hath been greatly interrupted, and exposed to the continual Insults and Depredations of the Spaniards in those Seas, where they have taken and made Prizes of great Numbers of British Ships and Vessels in their Passage to and from the said Colonies and Plantations, several of which did belong to this Port, to the great Damage of his Majesty’s Subjects; whereby the said valuable Trade is in Danger of being loft: And that, notwithstanding the Resolutions of this House, and his Majesty’s most gracious Endeavours to obtain for his Subjects just and reasonable Satisfaction, yet the Spaniards still contin ue their Depredations, and have lately taken and plundered several Ships and Vessels, belonging to this and other British Ports; and have treated such as have fallen into their Hands in a very cruel and barbarous manner:

And therefore praying the Consideration of the House; and such timely and adequate Remedy in the Premises, as to the House shall seem fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Chnffderatien of the Committee of the whole House to whom the Petition of divers Merchants, Planters, and others, trading to, and interested in, the British Plantations in America, on behalf of themselves, and many others, is referred.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit the Petitioners to be heard, if they think fit, by themselves, or Counsel, before the {hid Committee.

A Petition of Samuel Bonham, Christopher AJlley, Ben- pmUh jamin Weal, Joseph Crowchtr, Owners of the Ship Ann Depredation* Galley, Joseph Spademan Master, Burden One hundred " and Thirty Tons, or thereabouts, on behalf of themselves, and the Mariners and Seamen of the said Ship, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth.

That the Petitioners, on the 4th of December 1728, and since, have delivered to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle,

One of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, Seven Memorials and Petitions, addressed to his Majesty, and Four others delivered at the Council Board; each Memorial and Petition setting forth the great Lofsand Damage the Petitioners have received, by the unjust Capture and Seizure of their Ship Ann Galley, and her Cargo, by the Spaniards, on the 13th Day of June 17 28, in her Way from Guinea to Jamaica, after the Pacification between the Crowns of Great Britain and Spain was not only agreed on, but notified to the respective Governments in the West Indies; the same being notified at Jamaica the 3d of June, and at gena, in New Spain, the 1 oth of the same Month: And that the Value of the said Ship and Cargo, with the Freight, He.hath been attested, on the Oaths of the Master, and several of the Officers and People, belonging to the said Ship Ann Galley, when taken by the Spaniards, to be worth Ten thousand Five hundred Pounds Sterling, and upwards; besides the Loss of Interest for that Sum to this Time, being upwards of Nine Years:

In all which Memorials and Petitions, the Petitioners most humbly besought his Majesty’s Favour, Interest, and Protection, in recovering their Loss and Damage from the Spaniards; yet that, notwithstanding his Majesty’s Goodness, in endeavouring, by all peaceable Ways and Methods, to obtain Satisfaction for such their Loss and Damage, it plainly appears to the Petitioners, that those Cedillas are no more than Delusions, and shew of Justice; for his Majesty hath been graciously pleased to fend several Ships of War from , to demand

Restitution at St. Jago de Cuba; and, by his Minister, Benjamin Keene, Esquire, at the Court of Spain, hath made Demand of the said Ship and Cargo, or the Value thereof; and hath obtained several Orders from the King of Spain, and his Minister Don Joseph Patinho, to his Governor and Royal Officers at St. Jago de Cuba -,

One dated at Seville, the 28th of December 1730, One dated the 23d of Februari) 1733; wherein his Catholick Majesty allows the Ship to be an unjust Capture, and orders his Governor, Sc. to cause immediate Restitution to be made, without making any Reply to those Orders: And that, notwithstanding all this, and contrary, as the Petitioners apprehend, to the Second separate Article of the Treaty of Seville, and those made by his Majesty’s Royal Predecessors, and particularly the Fourteenth Article of the Treaty 1670, between England and Spain, and confirmed by the otherTreaties, particu-

larly that of Utrecht in the Year 1713, by which Fourteenth Article it is stipulated, that, if Justice is denied, or unreasonably delayed, it shall be lawful for that King, whose Subjects have suffered, to take any Rules and Methods, according to the Law of Nations, until Reparation be made to the Sufferers: notwithstanding his Majesty’s Goodness, noSatisfaction could be obtained: And that therefore, on the 17th of January 1733-4, the Petitioners again addressed his Majesty in Council; setting

forth

iiGeo. II. 3° Martii. 55

forth the Hardness of their Cafe: And that his Majesty, by the Advice of his Council, the 21st of February >733-4, did signify his Royal Pleasure to his Ministerat the Court of Spain, that he, in his Majesty’s Name, represent to the Catholick King, That his Majesty looks . upon himselfas obliged, by his Failure of Justice, in the West Indies, to his Majesty’s Subjects, to infill, that the Catholick King do forthwith cause Reparation to be made to the Petitioners for their Loss and Damage: On which another Order was forwarded to St. Jago de Cuba, to the Governor and Royal Officers, to make full Recti-tution for the said Loss and Damage; by which the Factors of the Petitioners, about 1734, received out of the Royal Chest at St. Jago, Two thousand Three hundred and Sixty Pieces of Eight, and Two Negro Men; the Value of which doth not exceed Five hundred Thirty-one Pounds Sterling: And that the Petitioners finding that nothing more is ever to be expected out of fheWest Indies, after Nine Years Solicitation and Expence, as appears by their several Letters, the Copies of which have, from time to time, as they came to Hand, been font and delivered at the Council Office, and to the Office 1 of his Grace the Duke of: Therefore, since

his Majesty was graciously pleased to lay the several Memorials and Petitions, relating to this, unhappy Capture before the House, the Petitioners, on the 24th of March 1736-7, brought their Petition into this House, which was read; and, on a Motion made, was ordered to lie on the Table: But that they have neither received, nor have any probable Expedations to receive, from Old or NewSpain, farther Satisfaction, than as before-mentioned, for this their great Loss, which is too severe and heavy for them to bear; and which is attended with this aggravating Circumstance, That the King of Spain hath agreed, that the Capture was unjust, and hath ordered Satisfaction to be made; but at a Place where Experience shews, by repeated Demands and Endeavours, it cannot be obtained: And therefore praying the House to take this their unhappy same into their Consideration; and grant them such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House to whom the Petition of divers Merchants, Planters, and others, trading to, and interested in, the British Plantations in America, on behalf of themselves, and many others, is referred.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit the Petitioners to be heard, if they think fit, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee.

SpanifhDe- A Petition of Edmund Saunders, Henry Tongue, and

predations Richard Farr, of the City of Merchants, in be-

in American half of themselves, Henry deceased, the Insurers, Mailer, and Mariners, of the Ship Robert Galley, of Bristol, Burden One hundred and Twenty Tons, whereof StoryKing was Mailer, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, on the *oth of May 1729, which was almost a whole Year after the Pacification between the Crowns of Great Britain and Spain, being not only agreed on, but notified to the respective Go-/ vernroents in the West Indietheir said Ship, proceeding

on her Voyage from Guinea, by the Way of Barba does, to Jamaica, was taken on the Coast of Six

Leagues out at Sea, by a Spanish Guarda la Costa; and, as the Petitioners presume, contrary to the Law of Nations, and Treaties then subsisting; and the Ship and Cargo carried into St. Domingo, and there condemned as Prize; the Value of which, with Freight, Me. when taken, as attested upon Oath by the Mailer, was Ten thousand Six hundred and Sixty-four Pounds Sterling, and upwards; besides the Interest thereof, for near Nine Years: And that Admiral when he was Commander in Chief of his Majesty’s Ships of War stationed at Jamaica,on Notice of the Taking of the said Ship and

Cargo, font his Majesty’s Ship Tryal to St. Domingo, to demand Rcftitution; but that the Commander of her re-

Vol. 23.

ceived for Answer, That the Ship and Cargo had been condemned by the Audience, and there could be noRe-dress, unless obtained in Old Spain: And that the Petitioners having made Application to his Majesty, by Petition, in November 1729, complaining of the unjust Capture of the said Ship Robert-, and begging his Majesty’s most gracious Interposition, that Justice and Restitution might be done them; but receiving no Satisfaction, and the Spaniards continuing their Depredations; the Peti-

tioners joined in a Petition with other Merchants of Bristol, to this House, in 1730; and then, as they conceived, proved the Allegations thereof: when this House thought fit to address his Majesty, That he would be graciously pleased to continue his Endeavours to prevent the Depredations of the Spaniards for the future, and to procure full Satisfaction for the Damages fullained; whereupon Commiflaries were appointed by virtue of the Treaty of Seville: And that the Petitioners having made Application to them, as well as to Mr. Keene, his Majesty’s Min iller at the Court of Madrid, by a Memorial, setting forth, and authenticated Papers annexed thereto proving, the unjustness of the Capture of the said Ship, and the Loss fullained; which was delivered to his Grsce the Duke of Newcastle, about the Month of July 1731:

But that no Relief being had thereupon, the Petitioners again petitioned his Majesty, in the Month of September lait; which was also delivered to his said Grace, and has been fincetransmitted to Mr. Keene; but no Answer being returned thereto, there is no Probability or Expectation of receiving any Satisfaction: And therefore praying the House, as the Measures hitherto pursued have proved ineffectual, to take the Premifes into farther Consideration; and grant such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet: And that the Petitioners may be heard, by . themselves and Counsel, thereupon.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House to whom the Petition of divers Merchants, Planters, and others, trading to, and interested in, the British Plantations in America, on behalf of themselves, and many others, is referred.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit the Petitioners to be heard, if they think fit, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Wed- Ca]j of nesday Seven night. House.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Petition of John Nairne, eldest Son of William late Removing Lord Nairne,deceased, was presented to the House, and Naime’sDife read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was unhappily ability by seduced, in the Year 1715, to join in the Rebellion, at Atu‘u"er* that Time raised in Scotland; and was afterwards convicted and attainted of High Treason; whereby, and by One or more Acts of Parliament, all the real and personal Estate of the Petitioner became forfeited, and veiled in Trustees, for the use of the Publick: And that, by an' Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the King’s most gracious, general, and free Pardon, the Petitioner was pardoned and discharged of and from Imprisonment, and Execution of his Person, on such Attainder; but excluded from any other Benefit of the said Act: And that the Petitioner has ever since endeavoured, upon all Occasions, to atone for his pall Offence, by a peaceable and dutiful Behaviour to his Majesty, and his Royal Father: And that the Petitioner has a very numerous Family, which he is unable to provide for by reason of his Incapacity to sue or maintain any Action or Suit, or to take, transmit, or inherit any real or personal Estate that shall or may hereafter defeend or come to him, or which he was entitled unto, in Reversion or Remainder, before the said Attainder: And

therefore

5<*

3* MartiL ' A. 1737.

therefore praying. That the House will be pleased to give Leave to bring in a Bill for removing the Disabilities and Incapacities occasioned by the said Attainder; or to grant the Petitioner such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That the same of the Petitioner having been humbly represented to his Majesty, his Majesty gives his Consent, that the House may do therein as they think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enable John Naime to file or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and t.o remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take, or inherit, any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter descend or come to him: And that the Lord John Murray, and Mr. Drummond, do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Removal of Douglas’s Disability by reason of Attainder.

Cattle Don* nington Stint of Failure.

A Petition of William Do, eldest lawful Son to

Sir Robert Douglas, of Gknbervie, Baronet, was prefehted

to the House, and read; felting forth, That the Petitioner was unhappily seduced in the Year 1715 to join in the Rebellion, which was at that time raised in Scotland; was made Prifdder at Preston, and tried at-Where he was One of the first that pleaded Guilty, and thereupon was attainted of HighTreason; whereby, and by One or more Acts of Parliament, all the real and personal Estate of the Petitioner became forfeited, and veiled in Trustees for the Use of the Publick; and that, by an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the King's most gracious, general, and free, Pardon, the Petitioner was pardoned, and discharged of and from Imprisonment, and Execution of his Person, on such Attainder; but excluded from any other Benefit of the said Act; and that the Petitioner having endeavoured, upon all Occasions, to atone for his past Offence, by a peaceable and dutiful Behaviour, his said late Majesty, by his royal Pardon, bearing Date the Sixth Day of,

in the Sixth Year of his Reign, was graciously pleased, ft) far as he legally could, to restore the Petitioner and his Posterity to the free and Peaceable possession and Enjoyment of all Estates, real and personal, that might thereafter descend or come in Right of SucGession to him, or be acquired by him; but that, notwithstanding his said late Majesty’s most gracious Intention and Pardon, the Petitioner apprehends, and is advised, he does Hill he under the Incapacities and Disabilities, occasioned by reason of hiB said Attainder; and that he cannot sue or maintain any Action or Suit, or take, transmit, or in* herit any real or personal Estate that shall or may hereafter descend or come to him, or which he was entitled unto in Reversion or Remainder, before his said Attainder; and is thereby excluded from the Means of providing for himself and his unfortunate Family: And therefore praying the House to give Leave to bring in such a Bill as ihaTl be thought proper, for removing the Disabilities and Incapacities occasioned by the said Attainder; and to give the Petitioner such other Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That the same of the Petitioner having been humbly represented to his Majesty, his Majesty gives his Consent that the House may do therein as they think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable William. Douglas,eldest lawful Son to Sir Robert Douglas of Glenbervie, Baronet, to sue or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take, or inherit, any real or personal Estate, that may or shall hereafter descend or come to him: And that M.r.Drummond and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Plumptre reported from the Committee to whom 24

the Petition of the Freeholders, Copyholders, and other Owners and Proprietors of divers Horse and Beast Pastures, and Sheep Commons, within the Town, Parish, or Precincts, of Castle Donning in the County of Leicester, in behalf of themselves, and several others. Freeholders, Copyholders, and other Owners and Proprietors of Horse and Beast Pastures, and Sheep Commons, in Castle Donnington aforesaid, was referred, that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And it appeared, by the Evidence of Thomas Robie senior, John Trufett, and Thomas Robie junior, That, in the Parish or Precincts of Castle Donnington, there are 941 Horse Gates or Beast Pastures; upon which the Petitioners, and others, Proprietors of the fame, have a Right to put either HorseB or Bealls, as they shall think fit; and that there are also 4,705 Sheep Commons in the saidPariftt, belonging to the Petitioners and others; That the Horse Gates or Beast Pastures con-fist of about 490 Acres; and that it is usual for the Proprietors to break up the same on May Day, and to keep their Horses or Beast there till Martinmas That then the Sheep come on, as well upon the said Pastures as upon the Sheep Commons in the open Fields, and continue there till about the 24th Day They further said. That both the Pastures and Sheep Commons were so over-stocked with Cattle, that they liarved one another; whereby the RightofPafturageor Common Right there for Cattle and Sheep, was rendered of very little Use or Benefit to the Petitioners and others, Proprietors of the fame.

Then the Agents for the Petitioners produced Articles of Agreement, bearing Date D nth 1736, that had been entered into by the Proprietors, for reducing the Stint of their Horse or Beast Pastures One Fourth Part, and of their Sheep Commons One Half, and for Application to Parliament to confirm the fame: And,

JohnTruJJell and Thomas R junior, being severally examined, said, That they saw the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being in the Whole 119, sign the said Articles of Agreement: And they further said. That there Were only Eleven Proprietors that had not signed them; and that, of these, Seven had lately acceded to the Agreement, though they had not had an Opportunity of signing it; but that Four Persons, who, together had a Right only to 17 Pailures, still continued obstinate against it.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for reduoing the Stint of the Horse or Beast Pastures and Sheep Commons, within the Manor, Town, and Parish, of Castle Donnington, in the County of Lekefier: And that Mr. Plumptre and Mn Richard do prepare,

and bring io, the feme. '

Mr.Whitworth reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of the M erchant s, and otherlnhabitants, of the Town of Mtnehead, in the County of Somerset, and also of Sir John Trevelyan Baronet, John Bampfylde Esquire,

and Margaret LuttrvllWidow, Trustees and Guardian of Margaret Luttrell an Iftfent: was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is asaS follows; viz. The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition: And, in order to prove the Allegations thereof,

The Petitioners laid before the Committee, an Act of Parliament, made in the 12th and 13th Year of the Reign

of

Minehead

Harbour.

11 Geo. II. 30

of his late Majesty King W the Third, intituled, An Act for the recovering, fequijing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Mineh for the Benefit and better Support ,of the '| rade r^n,d Navigation' of this. Kingdom; whereby it appeared* that certain Duties, over and bt tides the ancient and puftomary Duties and Acknowledgments, before tlx; said Act. due and accustomed to be paid to Tregonwel Esquire, and his Ancestors, upon Goods and Vtercbandizes, therein mentioned, to be imported or exported, into, or out of the said Harbour, and upon Shipping, as in the said Act is particularly mentioned, were granted, from and after the 24th Day of June, which was in the Year of our Lord 1701, for the Term of One-and-twenty Years, and to the Dud of the then next Session of Parliament, for building? out a new Head, clearing the Beach,! and other Works* for the securing, preserving, amending, and maintaining, the Pier and Harbour of It appeared further by the Evidence of Mr. John Lloyd, That, in pursuance of the Powers granted by the afore-mentioned Act, a new Head had b£en built, by the Order and Appointment of the Trustees in the said Act particularly mentioned.

- The Petitioners then proceeded to lay before the Committee another Act of Parliament, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne; whereby it appeared, That the Duties granted by the afore-mentioned Act, being found insufficient for the Purposes for which they were given, they were further continued for the Term of Sixteen Years, from . after the Expiration of the Term of One-and-twenty Years, being the Time of the Continuance of the former Act.

: They then called the1 above-named

Mr. John Lloyd, Water Bailiff of the Harbour of Minehead: Who, being examined, said. That the said Duties had not hitherto been, nor would be, during the said several Terms of 21- Years, and 16 Years, the same expiring the 2:4th Day of June next, sufficient to defray the Charge of completing the said Harbour, and repairing the Damages that frequently happened from the Rage and Flowing of the Sea, and carrying away the Beach and Stones,- that are driven into the 'Month of the Harbour; in Proof of which, he produced an Account’ of the Produce of the Duties for about Aie Four lass Years; and also of the Expences attending the repairing and clearing the said Harbour; and it appeared, That the Money received, amounted only to £. 578 7 s: 6d.;but that expended, to £. 671 1145'. io}rf. ‘ 1

" He likewise acquainted the Committee, That he had been Water Bailiff of the said Harbour Eighteen Years, 'fcrid had kept the Accounts Four Years and a Half; from which, lie said, he had faithfully transcribed the; Account delivered in > - '

Mr. Frtiiicis Bradley,being examined, said, That he

:saw the‘Trustees of Margaret an Infant, sign

th* Petition.

’ ’Ordered, That-Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers granted and given by the Acts, passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King , and the

Tehth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for recovering, fecirring, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Minekedd, in the County of Sonterfet: And that Mr. Whitworth, Sir William Wyn, and Sir Win. Codring-

ton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

made, either to the King of Spain or his Minifies; and of the Letters written to his Majesty’sMinisterat and of the Answers which have been given or received to such Memorials, Representations, and Letters; — An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding after the Word"w Copies" and before the Words " of the several Petitions," these Words " or Ext rafts

And the Question being put, That these Words be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out these Words, "the First " of September," and, insertingthp Word " instead thereof: .:

And the Question being put* that,these Words;. " the " First of September ffiand PaftoftheQuestion;

It passed in the Negative; a '

Then the Question being put* That the Word Midsummer"be insertedinstead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.:

Another Amendment was propped to be-made to the Question, by inserting after the Word " Copies* ’ and before the Words " of such Memories," these Words, " or Extracts

And the Question being put, That these Words be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed.to be made to the Question, by leaving, out the Words " and of the Answers which have been given or received to such Memorials, Representations; and Letters," and inserting the Words " relating to the said Depredations," inftetid thereof: /

A nd the Question'being put, Thattth^fe. Words, "and " of the Answers which have been, given or received to " such Memorials, Representations and Letters," Hand Part of the Question;

Tfie House divided.

: The Yeas’went forth.

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " pelating to the said. Depredations" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That an bumble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciourty pleased to give Directions, to be laid before this House, Copies or Extracts of the several Petitions, Representations, Memorials, and all other Papers, relating to the Spanish Depredations upon the Bri Subjects, which have been presented to his Majesty, or delivered to either of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, lince Mid-fvmmer last; together with Copies of Extracts of such Memorials or Representations as have been made, either to the King of Spain or his Ministers; and of the Letters written to his Majesty’s Minister at,

relating to the said Depredations.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s moil honourable Privy Council.

Tellers for the Yeas,^|r‘

Tellers for the NoesJ ^r-

IMr. Tracy:

} 99-

}t64.

Spanish De- A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed,

predations That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, -A-nean Xhat he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, to be laid before this House, Copies of the several Petitions, Representations, Memorials, and all other Papers, relating to the Spanish Depredations upon the British Subjects, which have been presented to his Majesty, or delivered to either of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, iince the First of September last; together with Copies of such Memorials or Representations as have been Vol. 23.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Wavi Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the and Means whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Q And

1

58 3° — 6° . 1737.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 6 Martii;

Anno n* Georgii II" Regis, 1757.

Praters.

Dover and A BILL for continuing the Term and Powers

Rye j£\ granted and given by the Acts, passed in the Ele-Harboun. venth and Twelfth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, and in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King for repairing

the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent; and for restoring the Harbour of in the County of Sussex, to its ancient Goodness; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Norris, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Pelham, Lord Morpeth, Sir Jo/. Pennington, Sir Roger Mr. Watts,

Lord Baltimore, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr.

Mr. White, Sir John Heath Mr. Plumer, Lord Gage, Admiral Stewart, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Hales, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Limerick, Sir Thomas Sanderson, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Laroche, Mr. More, Mr. , Lord

John SaekvUle, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Cary, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Mr. Forrefier, Mr. Fane, Mr.

Hucks, Mr. Fortescue, Mr. Sir James Grant,

Mr. Lechmer'e, Mr. Archer, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Pigo/t, Sir Chr. Powell, Sir Edward Dering,' Mr. Bramston, Colonel Onslow, M r. Monson, Mr. Alderman Mr. Falle, Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr. Yorke, Colonel Duckett, Mr. BraJ/ey, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Wallingford, Mr Shepheard, Mr Harley, Mr. Rose-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent and Suffix, and for the Cinque Ports; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Packer* Ordered, That Mr. Harley, Mr. Watkin Wins. Estate. Wynne, Mr. Sandiys, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Compton, Lord NoelSomerset, Mr. Price Devereux, Lord Polwarth, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Harvey, Mr. May, Mr. Holmes, Lord Grey, Mr. Brampston, and Mr. Fane, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of Winchcombe Howard Packer Esquire, Henry Packer, and Robert Packer, the Sons of Robert Packer Esquire, deceased, and also of David Hartley, Doctor of Phylick, and Elizabeth his W ife, the only Daughter of the said Robert Packer,deceased, is referred.

iberbotbock Brigadier General Midleton reported from the Com-Harbour, m ft tee to whom the Bill for laying a Duty of Two Pe-nies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or fold, within: the Town of Aberbrothock, and Liberties thereof, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bi#, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Clandestine / A Petition of the Matters, Workmen, and other Per-£xportatioa fons, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, within the oi Wool. Borough of Taunton, in the County in behalf

of themselves, and other Persons concerned in the said Manufactures, throughout Great Britain, was presented to the House; and read; setting forth. That the great Quantities of Wool run to foreign Parts, from Great Britain and Ireland, and the great Quantities of Wool-

len Goods completely manufactured, which are exported from Ireland to foreign Countries, contrary to Law, is highly prejudicial to the Trade of this Kingdom, and the principal Cause of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture: That, by this Means, Foreigners are enabled to work up great Quautities of their own Wool, by mixing it either with English or Irish; without the AlMance of which they could not make several Species of Goods, with which they now supply foreign Markets; and that the Petitioners are truly sensible of the Zeal of this House, and of the Laws already in being, to prevent the said mischievous Practice of exporting Wool, and Woollen Goods, manufactured in Ireland; but find, by fad Experience, that all Endeavours for that Purpose have been hitherto ineffectual: Aud therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to provide such Remedies, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Shepheard reported from the Committee to whom Radmor* the Petition of the Owners and Proprietors, whose _ ?en Names are thereunto subscribed, of the several Fen Grounds, lying in Redmore, Waferden, and Cawdle

Fens, and of One Piece of Fen Ground called the Holts, in Ely, within the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; ami had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, Witnesses were called; viz.

Mr. Gotubed Eafi, Mr. Henry) Morley, Mr. - Peacock, Mr. Paxton, and Mr. Mathew Eburn: Who, being severally examined, said. That they know the Feu Grounds mentioned in the Petition; and which contain, in the Whole, 850 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the same have, excepting in the Years 1729, 1730, and 1731, been covered with Water for 20 Years, through DefeCl of the Outfalls into the Sea; whereby they are in Danger of being loft; to the great Damage of the Proprietors thereof, and the Inhabitants of the Town of Ely:

And they also said, That whilst the great Sluice, called Denvers, was in Repair, those Grounds were of Use; but iince the said Sluice fell down, they are not worth id. per Acre; but, were the several Proprietors enabled to embank the said Fens, and to erect Mills, the same would effectually answer the Purposes intended; and the Grounds lying near to the Town oi Ely would be worth One Pound per Acre, and the other Grounds Ten Shillings per Acre; which might always be preserved and drained for the future; whereby not only great Benefit will accrue to the Publick, but considerable Profit and Advantage to the several Proprietors of the said Fen Grounds.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the effectualDrainingand Preservation of certain Fens, called Cawdle Pen, Water den, and Redmore, in thellle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge: And that Mr. Shepheard and Mr. Bromley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Abraham Blydejleyn, Blydefteyn’a was read the Third time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for naturalizing Abraham Blydejleyn.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Willimott do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Plumptre presented to the House, according to Castle Order, a Bill for reducing the Stint of the Horse or Bead Donningtoa. Pastures, and Sheep Commons, with in the Manor, Town, *unt ot and Parish, of CajtleDonnington, in the County of Lei- 1>alture-cester: And the same was received; and read the First time. llefolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr.

I^iverDOole Dock and Streets.

11 Geo. II.

6* Mar

59

Mr. Brereton reported from the Cotnmitteeto whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Borough and Port Town of in the County

Palatine of Lancaster , and also the Petition of the Mer-

chants, Traders, and other Inhabitants, within the Borough and Port Town of Liverin the County Palatine of Lancaster; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the HoUfe; and he read the Report in his Place; and

And he Likewise said. That the Lighting of the Streets of the Town of Liverpoole would be of great Service towards preventing the Robberies which were veiy frequent there; but that the said good Purposes could not be effected, without taking up a further considerable Sum; which his Evidence, in fhefe Particulars, was confirmed by the above-named Mr. Peters and Mr. Slade.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Time granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled,

afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where , An Act for enlarging the Time granted by an Act, the same was read; and is as follows; viz. . passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Ma-

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the jesty Queen intituled, An Act for making a con-

venient Dock or Bason at Liverpoole, for the Security of all Ships trading to and from the said Port of Liverpoole; and for enlarging the fame, by making an additional Dock, and building a Pier in the open Harbour: and for enlightening round the Dock and the Streets of the said Town: And that Mr. Brereton, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Shuttleworth, and Mr. Bold, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. William Plumer reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the other Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from Lemsford Mill, in the county of ,

to Welwyn, and from thence to Cory's Mill, and from Welwyn, through Codicot, to Hilchin, in the said County; also of the Persons who have advanced Money on the Credit of the said Act, and of several Gentlemen, Farmers, Waggoners, and others, living in and near, and travelling the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act; and also the Road from Cory's Mill to Hitchin was referred; That the Committee had examined the; Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the N House, examined the Matter of the said Petition: And, in order to prove the Allegations thereof.

The Petitioners laid before the Committee the said Act, of the Twelfth Year of his said late Majesty: And called,

Mr. William Barker: Who, being examined, said. That he had attended the Trustees of the Turnpike at Lem$ford, as their Clerk, from the Commencement of the said Act; and that there is now due and owing, on the Credit thereof, the Sum of One thousand Six hundred Pounds, besides interest:

And that the Accounts, in relation to the Turnpike, had been constantly, on every Quarter Day, laid before the Trustees, who passed the fame:

And be further said. That although the Northern Road, leading from London to Lemsford Mill, is now in tolerable good Repair; yet, were the Tolls and Term, granted and given by the former Act, to cease, that Road would soon become very bad; and that that Part of the Road leading from Cory’s Mill to Hitchin, which is in Length about Two Miles, could not, by the ordinary course of Statute-work, tte repaired, and so kept: But

House, examined the Matter of the said Petitions:

And it appeared. That, by an Act of Parliament, passed in the 8 th Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, certain Rate's, Tonnage, and Duties, were granted for the Term of 11 Years, for making a convenient Dock or Bason at Liverpoole; and that the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-council, of the said Borough, were appointed Trustees, and thereby empowered to make such Dock or Bason, and to receive a Fourth Part of the said Rates and Duties thereby also granted for the support thereof, so long as the said Dock or Bason should be continued or kept up; which Rates and Duties were continued by another Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for the further Term of 14 Years,1

: The Petitioners then proceeded to shew what had been done, in pursuance of the Powers granted by the afore-mentioned Acts,towards making the said Dock or Bason; and what was still further necessary to be done for the Security of Ships entering into the fame: To which purpose they called,

Mr. Ralph Peters: "Who, being examined, laid, That in making the said Dock, erecting Land-marks, and placing Buoys, for the Direction of Ships entering into the Harbour, upwards of £. 14,000 had been laid out; notwithstanding which, the good Ends and Advantages intended by the said Works were far from being answered: For that the Dock was much too small for the Number of Ships which come there, to lade and unlade in; and the Ships, that are put back by contrary Winds, and couftrained to lie in the open Harbour, waiting for a Wind, were frequently exposed to the utmost Danger, for want of a Pier to secure them from the Violence of the Weather.

He further said, That upwards of £. 4,000 was now owing, and at interest, for the Works already done; and that, to enlarge the Dock, and build the Pier, would cost £. 10,364, besides the £. 1,000 agreed to be given by the Corporation: an Estimate of the Charge of which he produced to the Committee.

Mr. Jonathan Slade, being called, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Peters, with regard to the Smallness of the Dock, and its Unfitness to receive the Number of Ships that come there, as well as the Dangers that Ships, lying in the open Harbour, are exposed to, for want of a Pier; an Instance of which he gave in himself, who had differed £. 40 thereby, very lately: And he further said.

That he had known Ships detained in the Harbour T'hree Months together, and 40 or 50 Sail of Ships at a tin^ driven up and down the River, not being able to get into the Dock; which Inconveniencies and Dangers the enlarging of the Dock, and the Building of a Pier, would greatly remove;. but that the present Term for that it was necessary to have the said Road well repaired, the Duties granted was so far from being answerableto for that it lies near, and leads to and from, Hitchin, those necessary Purposes, that it was scarce sufficient to Hertford, and Ware, Three of the principal Market-

Lcmsford Mill, &c. Roads.

raise the Money already owing, and at interest.

The Petitioners then called Alderman Richard Kelfol:Who, being examined, said. That the Setting up of Lights in the said Dock or Bafoq, would not only be a Security to the Lives of the Persons concerned there, for want of which he had known many loft, but would, as he apprehended, tend greatly to the Benefit of the Revenue, by preventing the Running of Goods:

Vol. 23.

Towns in the County of Hertford.

John Glinfor, Surveyor of the Roads directed by the

former Act to be repaired, being also examined, said, That all the Monies arising by the Tolls have been duly applied in amending of the Roads, to the Satisfaction of the Trustees; and that in Three or Four Months in the Year, for want of Powers intheTrulieestoereftaddilionalGates and Turnpikes, to prevent Cattle being drove into another Road, the Payment of the Tolls laid on Droves of

Cattle

6o 6° Martii. A. 1737.

Cattle have been eluded, by driving such Cattle out of the Roads by the Act directed to be repaired, after they had been driven through a good Part thereof.

The said John Glinftor, and Daniel Maple, being severally examined, said, That the Road between Cory's Mill and Ilitchin is almost impassable; and that the Statute Work was not sufficient to repair the fame: The said Maple added, That the Parish through which the said Roads lead, were not of Ability to repair the same effectu ally.

Richard Thorpe, being also examined, said, That ah though the Inhabitants, chargeable with the Repairs of the Road between Cory's Mill and Hitchin, had duly performed their Statute Work, yet that Road remained in a very ruinous Condition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and given by an Act, paflTed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the Roads from Lemsford Mill, in the County of Hirtford, to Welwyn, and from thence to Cory's Mill, and from Welwyn y through Codicot, to Hitchin, in the said County; and also for repairing the Roads from Cory's Mill to Hitchin aforesaid: And that Mr. Wm. Pturner, Mr. C(efar% Mr. Winnington, Mr. P lamer, and Mr. Wat kin Williams Wynne, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde, and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

Earl of The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Anglesey's exempl tying the last Will of Arthur Earl of Anglesey, and for making the same Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland: To which the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Answer to Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address. Address of Friday last, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, to be laid before this House, Copies or Extracts of the several Petitions, Representations, Memorials, Papers, and letters, therein mentioned, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Hounslow, Sir Francis Child presented to the House, according &c. R«ad. to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Third, and the other of the Tenth, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counter's Bridge, which lies in the Pari Hi of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounslow, to the Powder Mills in the Road to ^tewe^and to Cranford Bridge, in the said County, in the Road to Colne-brooke: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Worcester, Mr* Sandys presented to the House, according to Church of Order, a Bill for rebuilding the Church of the Pa-AllSamti. rjfh of All Saints, in the City oiWorcester: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

\ v y u ’ *

Loughborough, A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Coachmen, kc. Roads. Waggoners, Carriers, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, usually travelling through, and living near, the Roads leading from the Town of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Derby,in the County of Derby, and from the said Town of Derby to the Town of Ashborne, and from thence to Hurdlozv, in the said County of Derby; was presented to ihe House, and read; setting forth, That the said Roads, by reason of many heavy Carriages frequently passing through the fame, are become very deep, and dangerous to Passengers; and that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, through which the said Roads lead, cannot, by the common Method appointed by the Laws now in being, for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, effectually repair the said Roads; and that, by an actual Amendment of the said Roads, a Communication will be opened between the Counties of York, Lane after, and Chef ter, and the said Counties of Derby and Leicester, and other adjacent Counties; by which means Trade and Commerce would be much'advanced and improved in those Counties: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Roads, in such manner, and by such means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Coachmen, Waggoners,

Carriers, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, usually travelling through, and living near, the Roads leading from the Town of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby; and from the said Town of Derby, to the Town of Brajfington, in the said County of Derby; and also of the Aldermen, Brethren, and Common-council Men, of the Borough of Derby; is referred:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of several Shoemak rs, in and about the Laws re-Cities of London&nd Westminster, and Liberties thereof, fpp&ingtan-whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalfofthem- ned Lealller-selves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners carry on various and different Branches of the Shoemaking Trade, some employing themselves only in making Mens Shoes and Boots, some in Womens, and others in making Shoes for Children: and find a great Convenience and Advantage in being supplied by the Curriers, and other Dealers in Leather, with such Parts of Hides and Skins as are moll fic for the particular Branches of the said . respectively carried on by them; the different Parts of One and the same Hide and Skin being useful for dif-tinct Purposes, and seldom worked up by any One Person; and that, in case the Curriers, and other Dealers in Leather, should be rest rained from cutting and felling Hides and Skins in such Pieces and Parcels, as are most fit for the respective Branches of the said Trade, and to serve the immediate Occafionsof the Petitioners, it will tend to the manifest Injury and Opprefiion of the Petitioners, and many others of his Majesty’s industrious Subjects: there being many Shoemakers, who keep Shops, and carry on the Bufinefsas Masters, and maintain their Families thereby, who are not able to purchase whole Hides and Skins; and, if they were, could only work up Part thereof, in their respective Branches of Trade; and the rest must remain a dead Stock on their Hands: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that they may have such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of the Curriers, and other Dealers in Leather, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, is referred: And that they do examinee the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to St. Leonard, put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, UIC An Act for rebuilding the Pari 111 Church of St. Leonard,

Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and also of divers other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many other Freeholders, Leaseholders, Landholders, and Inhabitants, in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners0 conceive themselves, and many others, will be very much aggrieved by the Bill, now depending in this House, to explain and amend the said Act:

And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves,

or

Gooffl

m


11 Geo. II. 6° Martit. 61

or their Counsel, against the said Bill, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time: And that tl e Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That Counsel be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Sevennight.

Coal Admea- A Petition of several Persons, whoseNamesare there-furcment. untQ subscribed, keeping Wharfs, and dealing in Coals, in the City of London, and Parts adjacent, in behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; fettingforth, That by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade, it is enacted, That all Dealers in, and Sellers of, Coals, by the Chaldron, or a lefsQuantity, in the Cities of London and and Ten Miles round the fame, shall conliantly keep and use such a lawful Bushel as is described by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty QxieenAnnc, for ascertaining the CoalMeafure; and that any Persons altering such Bushel should incur a Penalty of Fifty Pounds; and it is by the said Act declared, that every Wharf, Dock, Yard, and other Places therein mentioned, and wherein Coals were fold, should be the Place of Sale; and that the Coals are, and have been, conliantly measured there accordingly, by fuchMeafures as are described by the Acts aforesaid; and that the Petitioners having so done, apprehend, that they were not liable to a Re-measurement of such Coals so measured and fold; but that Coals, when delivered at the Houses of the Buyers thereof, will not, upon a Re-measurement, answer the first Measure, although measured with the same Exactness, by the same Person, and the very same Bushel; whereupon several Prosecutions have been commenced and carried on against some of the Petitioners under a Pretence, that their Coals, when fold, were not full Measure, that the Prosecutor might recover the Penalty of Fifty Pounds; which some of the Petitioners have paid; and that the said Penalty being so large, the Petitioners have Reason to believe, Persons have ordered Coals to be sent to their Houses, and, after secreting some Part thereof, have sent for Meters to measure such Coals again, that there might be a Foundation to commence a Prosecution thereupon: and that, unless the said Act, of the Third Year of his present Majesty be explained, the Petitioners, and all Dealers, and their Families, may be ruined, and have it not in their Power to prevent the fame: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act of the Third Year of his present Majesty, so far as it relates to the Measuring of Coals, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premiles as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente. That the said Petition be rejected.

Clandestine A Petition of the several Mailers, Workmen, and other

Exponano" Persons, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, within

o Wool. tjje Borough of Wanoick, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons concerned in the said Manufacture throughout Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Worlted-weavingTrade of this Borough has, for many years lad pall, been carried on, not only to the great Benefit of this Borough in particular, but also to the Advantage of the kingdom in general, whereby the numerous Poor of that and the adjacent Counties have comfortably fubiified, and maintained themselves and Families; and that,oflateYears, this advantageous Manufacture has been gradually decreasing, by the prevailing Use and Wear of printed, painted, fiained, and dyed, Linens and Cottons, of so-rei gn Manufacture , and likewil'e of the prodigious Quantity of printed Papers, which are uled for Hangings and Furniture; One Person making as much of the printed

Papers in One Day as will employ several Hundreds upon the Manufacture; and since the Running of Wool into foreign Countries has oflate Years been so deltruftive to the Trade and Commerce of the Nation, for want of Encouragement to the Informer; by reason whereof Multitudes of the poor People, for want of Employment,-are become chargeable to their respective Parities, and many are daily running away, and leaving their Families; so that the Charge of maintaining them is become almost insupportable, and is daily increasing: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, by laying a higher Duty upon the said printed Linens and Cottons; and that the Making and Wearing of printed Papers for Hangings may be quite prohibited; and more Encouragement allowed for the Information of Running of Wool; and provide such Remedies, and give such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Iurolmeot Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of o( Papist* Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Ledees; was read aDd

, , ’ Wills.

a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That -the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole Hou fe.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his paperg re- Majesty, That he will begraciously pleased to giveDi- spectiogDif-refttions. That there may be laid before this House, Co- tulBons with pies of such Memorials or Representations as have been sPa,n* delivered, by Order of the Court of Spain to his Majesty, his Secretaries of State, or his Minister in , since the Treaty concluded at Seville, touching any of the Dominions, Fofleflions, or Rights of Trade, of Great Britain, or any Infraction of Treaties, which have not already been laid before the House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions. That there may be laid before this House, an Account of the Proceedings made by the Commifiarieg appointed by virtue of the Sixth Article of the Treaty of Seville, since the 24th of February 1734; together with Copies or Extracts of all Letters or Papers relating thereto; and when the said Commission ended.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, to be laid before this House, Copies of all the Addresses, or Memorials, delivered by the South Sea Company to his Majesty, or the Secretaries of State, since Christmas 1732, concerning their Trade in the Spanish lVeJt Indies, and their Desire of the Royal Licence to lett or dispose of their Afjiento Trade, or Tonnage of the Shipping in that Service; and the Answers that have been given thereunto.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Cornwall Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to ex- Affix*, plain and amend an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act for holding the Assize for the County of Cornwall at a convenient Place within the said County.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Heathcote took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Strjohn Heathcote reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

R The

£5

61

6° — 7° MartiL

A. 1737.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to llis Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1738;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax for the Year 1736, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1738.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com-

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

w

Earl of AngletWs Will.

Expiring

Laws.

Bigail's

Nat.

mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir CharlesTurner reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill: And that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have* Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Colonel Onslow presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of St. Mary, Rather kith, in the County of Surry, by certain Funeral Rates therein mentioned, to finish the said Parish Church; and to enable the said Parishioners to raise such farther Sums of Money as lb all be necessary for purchasing a convenient Piece of Ground, for an additional Burial Ground; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Rotherhith

Church.

Ordered, That Mr. Ilorfemonden Turner have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And an ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exemplifying the lull Will o(Arthur, late Earl of Anglesea, and for making the same Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, was read the Fird time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert IJucks, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Lawsrefpea-Grojfe, Mr. Polhill, Mr. llarry Waller, Lord Polzvarth, l»ng tanned Mr Pturner, Mr. Waller, Mr. Life, Sir Francis Child, Ltather'

Mr Laroche, MvGybbon, Mr. BrudencU, Mr. Horsemoh-den Turnery Mr. Earley Colonel Onslow, Brigadier General Handajyd, Mr. Bramfon, Mr. Walla ft on, Mr. Fydtll,

Mr. Holden, Sir Wm. Ilcalhcotc, Colonel Duckett, Mr.

Erskine, Mr. John Campbell, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Curriers, and other Dealers in Leather, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mortis, 70 die Martii;

Anno 11* Georgii II41 Regis, 1737. Prayers.

0

R D E R E D, That Sir Charles Wager, Sir John Norris, Mr. Arundell, Mr. Fane, Mr. Henry Archer, Mr. Robert Hucks, Mr. Dr ax, and Mr. White, be added to the Committee appointed to inquire what Laws are expired or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued.

Bruningk’s, &c. Nat.

Au ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Jufin Bru-ningk, Peter Untzellman, and Henry Klencke, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John Jufin Bruningk, Peter Untzellman, and John Klencke.

Ordered, That Mr. Horsemonden Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for naturalizing Philip Rigail was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bevan, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Archer, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Walter Lloyd, Mr. Richard Lloyd, Sir Charles Wager, Sir Robert Monro, Lord Eufion, Mr. Neale, Mr. Laroche, Mr. HedwortJi, Mr. Balle, Mr. Lackwood, Mr. Foley, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Jewkes, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Treby, Lord Tyrconnel, Mr. Fere, Mr. Cartwright, Captain Campbell, Mr. Fade, Brigadier Middleton, Sir John JJeathcote, Sir Henry Hugh ton. Dr. Lee, Mr. Ojbaldefon, Mr. Packer, Mr. Medlycott, Lord Chetwynd, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Plump Ire, Mr. Chcficr, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Coster, Mr. Brereton, Lord Grey, Sir Jof Pennington, Mr. Parker, Mr. Gore, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Chotmon-delay, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Proby, Mr. Papillon: And »5

A Petition of the Heritors, Merchants, Burgesses, Inverness Brewers, Victuallers, and Inhabitants, of the Royal Burgh rio'VII of Inverness, thereto subscribing, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Exaction and Misapplication of the Duty of Two Penies Scots, granted by Parliament, on each Pint of Ale and Beer, brewed, vended, and retailed, within the said Burgh, and Liberties thereof, for the Space of Nineteen Years, commencing from June 1719; and alleging. That the said Burgh, exclusive of the Returns of this Gift, has a yearly Revenue of Two hundred and odd Pounds Sterling, which may appear more than sufficient to defray the ordinary and necessary annual Expence of a small Borough; and that the Debts of the said Town, at this Period, do, in several Hundred Pounds, exceed the Extent of the Debt thereof, when this Gift commenced: And that their Ministers, having far above competent Livings, according to the Laws of Scotland, the Managers of this Place begun with making some small Additions thereunto; but allowed the Debts of the Town to increase; not one Two Penies being bellowed on adding to, or repairing, their Churches:

And that there was, before the Commencement of the said Gift, a Harbour for Shipping in the said Town, which, to this Day, is the Harbour frequented, and is well situated, as their River runs; and, by a small Expence, not exceeding Two hundred Pounds Sterling, would have been made abundantly commodious and convenient for more Ships and Trade, than this Place had before or since, or could well look for: And that the other Harbour, devised by the Magistracy, is useless, the Proje&ors having quite mistaken the Situation thereof, both according to the Run of the River, and the ordinary Course of the Winds there for Two Thirds of the Year; and the Mole thereof having Angles, and other irrepa-rableFaults, that make it uniafe for Ships; and, iffinished according to the Design, not capable to accommodate Five Vessels, to load and unload regularly; and that, since its Bason was red, and is almost finished, the Resort of Ships, trading to this Place, is to the old Harbour, as the most safe and commodious; and that the best Use which can.be made of it, is to have Sale made of the Stones that compose it, which the Petitioners believe would return Three hundred Pounds; which Sum, rightly applied, would make the old Harbour good and sufficient: And that the exacting of this Gift has brought a Number of Families to Ruin, anddedroyed the Credit and Circuiustances of the greater Part of the Town: And

that,

Gooool

1

ii Geo. II. 7° Marlii.

that, at the Commencement of this Gift, the Neighbourhood were fond of Dealing with the Inhabitants, and very sure of prompt Payments; but that now it is the lleverfe; there being few Brewers that can have the least Quantity of Barley, from any within Reach of the Town, without Bail; Two Thirds of the Malt Barns being fallen down to the Ground; and the Trade - in Malting, which was a very considerable Branch of the Trade of the Town, being so decayed, that the yearly Return of this Tax, which, immediately after the Commencement of it, extended to betwixt Four and Five hundred Pounds Sterling, if not more, does not now, nor has, for some Years past, exceeded One hundred and Forty Pounds; and that his Majesty’s Revenue of Malt Tax and Excise have decreased proportionably, as this Tax is levied from the Brewers: And that there has been no Account of the Returns, or Application of the Monies, arising from this Tax, exposed by the Magistrates, to the Overseers named in the Gift, lince the Month of 1732: And that the

Petitioners had it in View, to represent their Grievances to the Overseers, had they assembled since the Time mentioned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and reject any Demand for renewing the Tax mentioned; as the laying it on visibly tends to the Ruin of this Borough, the Misery of the Inhabitants, and the decreasing his Majesty's Revenue.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-fideralion of a Committee to whom the Petition of the Magistrates and Town-council of the Burgh of Inverness, in behalf of the Community thereof, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear' to them, to the House.

Offices and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Employ- indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify them- selves for Offices, or to make the Declarations and Subscriptions required, within the respective Times limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for those Purposes: And that Dr. I ee and Mr. Plumptre do prepare, and hringin, the fame.

Clandestine A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Mailers, Work-Exportation men. Graziers, and other Persons, concerned in the Wool-ot Wool. jen Manufacture, in the Borough of Huntingdon, and Parts adjacent, in behalf of themselves, and all other Pterions concerned in the said Manufacture throughout Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the pernicious practice of running Wool from Great Britain and Ireland into Foreign Parts: And therefore praying the House to take the Premifesin-to Consideration; and to provide such Remedy against a PraClice which is so destructive to the Trade and Interest of the Nation, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ditto.. A Petition of the Companies of Clothiers, Weavers, Combers, Dyers, and Pressers, of the City of Coventry, on behalf of themselves, and Thousands of poor Manufacturers, dependent on them; and also,

Ditto. A Petition of the Sergemakers, and other Woollen Manufacturers, in Kett, in the County of Northampton;

Ditto. Also of the Growers of Wool in all... Towns adjacent;

Were severally presented to the House, and read: complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture, occasioned, as the Petitioners apprehend,

by the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland into foreign Parts.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Answer to Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Addref;. Addresses of Yesterday, That his Majesty would begra-ciously pleased to give Directions to be laid before this

VOL.-23.

House, Copies of the Memorials or Representations, the Account, Copies or Extracts of the letters and Papers,

Copies of the Addresses or Memorials, and the Answers therein mentioned, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

A Petition of several Matters and Workmen, of the Laws Company of Cordwainers, within the Borough of respecting

wick, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the Leather House, and read; letting forth, That the Curriers have, for several Years Jail past, cut and fold Hides, and like-wife fold Leather, which they no ways manufactured, and Skins of Leather in small Pieces or Parcels; which, the Petitioners apprehend, is contrary to the Statutes in that same made and provided; by which means the Petitioners have received great Detriment: And that, if a Bill should be brought into the House to enable them to continue the fame, and should pass into a Law, the Shoemakers Trade in England will be greatly damaged, and the Leather Trade monopolized by the Curriers: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and give the Petitioners such Relief therein, as to the House flia.ll seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of the Curriers, and other Dealers in Leather, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the Merchants trading from Liverpoole Spanish De-to the British Plantations in America as presented to predations the House, and read; setting forth. That Application I^"enc*a was made to this House, in the Year 1728, and again in the Year 1730, complaining against the many unjust Seizures made, by the Spaniards in America, of the Ships belonging 10 his Majesty’s Subjects, whilst they were carrying on a fair and lawful Trade to and from the British Colonies, during the Course of some Years preceding: And that, notwithstanding the said Applications, and all the Endeavours his Majesty has been graciously pleased to make use of since that Time, the Spaniards have been so far from making any Satisfaction for the Losses then complained of, as sustained by the Petitioners, and others his Majesty’s Subjects, that they have continued the said Depredations almost ever since; and, of late, have carried them on to such a Height, as gives great Interruption to the Trade of the British Subjects to those Parts: And that the audacious Practice of the Spaniards in boarding, detaining, and searching, all the British Ships that fall in their Way, in the American Sea, under colour of looking for contraband Goods, the frivolous Pretences on which they carry away, and condemn, as Prizes, many of the said Ships; the barbarous Treatment Sailors meet

with from them in such Cases; together with the extravagant Advance of late made in the Premiums oflD-furance, on account of these Insults; these are such Dif-couragements, as must render the American Trade very precarious; which, without some effectual Remedy, will soon be greatly diminished, if not entirely loft to this ' Nation: And therefore praying. That the House would be pleased to take the Premises into Consideration, and make use of such Measures, as to the House shall seem most fit, not only to put an End to the Insults and Depredations complained of, for the future, but also to obtain such Satisfaction for past LolTes sustained, as the Justice of the several Cafes of the unhappy Sufferers shall appear to deserve.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House to whom the Petition of divers Merchants, Planters, and others, trading to, and interested in, the British Plantations in America, ,on behalf of themselves, and many others, is referred.

A Petition

Martii.

A.

*717

4

A Petition of Richard Grenville, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Ashenden, in the County of Bucks; the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Christ, in the University of Oxford, of King llenry the Eighth’s Foundation, and the Warden or nestor, and Scholars, of the College of the Blejfed Mari}, and All Saints, Lincoln, in the said University of Oxford, commonly called Lincoln College, for themselves, and on behalf of other Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments, within the same Manor, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are divers common Fields, and uninclosed Grounds, in the Manor, Township, or Hamlet, of Ashen-den, within the Pariili of Ashenden, in the County of Bucks, containing together, by Estimation, about Nine hundred Acres; and there are also several waile Grounds in the said Township, Parcel of, and within, the said Manor of Ashenden: And that the Petitioner, Richard Grenville, is Lord of the said Manor: And t he Petitioners, the said Dean and Chapter, are seised of the appropriate Rectory of Ashenden aforesaid; and of all the Tythesariling within the said Parish of Ashenden, in Right of their said Church: And the Petitioner, Richard Grenville, hath a Lease thereof, for One-and-twenty Years, under the accustomed Reservations and Agreements: And that the Petitioner, Richard Grenville, and the said Dean and Chapter, have come to an Agreement, for the Petitioner, Richard Grenville, to give to the said Dean and Chapter a Tract of Land, l y ing together, Tythe-free, in lieu of the said Ty thes, and Part of their Glebe; being a full Equivalent for the fame: And that the Petitioners, Richard Grenville, the Dean and Chapter aforesaid, and the Petitioners the said Warden or Rector, and Scholars, of Lincoln College, together with the Right honourable Richard, Lord Vifeouut Cobham, George Franklyn, Esquire, Elizabeth Rice, and Lydia Clejnents, are seised of all the rest of the Lands in the said common Fields, waste and uninclosed Grounds, within the said Manor, Hamlet, or Township of Ashenden; and are all the Persons who have any Right of Common within the said Manor, save only James Hind, and Mary his Wife, who have an undivided Fourth Part of One Half Yard Land, and the Right of Common belonging to the fame; which Half Yard Land doth not contain above Twenty Acres; and except the Heir at Law', or Devisee, of Jane Dare, lately deceased, w ho is entitled to One other undivided Fourth Part of the said HalfYard Land last mentioned, and the Right of Common belonging to the fame: And that the said several Lands of the said Proprietors and Land Owners lie intermixed and dispersed, in small Parcels, over the said Common Fields, and uninclosed Grounds; and few of them are commodiously situated, with respect to the Houses of the said several Proprietors in the said Township or Hamlet of Ashenden: And, so long as the said Common Fields, Wastes, and other Grounds, lie open and uninclosed, many Difficulties and Inconveniences will attend the cultivating thereof, and the said Lands will not be capable of Improvement: That the Petitioners, the said Richard Grenville, the Dean and Chapter, and Warden or Rector, and Scholars, aforesaid, and the other Proprietors and Owners of the said Lands, except as aforesaid, are deflrous that the said common Fields, Wastes, and other Grounds, should

Division and Inclosure, will be of considerable Benefit to all the said several Proprietors and Land Owners, and an Improvement of their respective Estates in the said Manor, Township, or Hamlet; yet, as well for w ant of the Consent of the said Owners of the said Two Fourth Parts of the said Half Yard Lands, as in regard the said Dean and Chapter of the said Church, and the said Warden or Rector and Scholars of the said College, are restrained by Law from alienating the Rights of their Church and College, and that some of the other Proprietors are under Family Settlements, or other legal Disabilities, such Division and Inclosure cannot be made effectual and binding to all Parties interested, without the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Sandy s, Mr. PI umpire. Lord Limerick, Mr. Harley, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Archer, Mr. Walker, SirCharles Mordaunt, Mr. Horfmnndtn Turner, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Hacks, Lord John Murray, Mr. Ojbaldeston, Sir Thomas Ly I tie ton, Mr. Smith, Mr. Parker, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Tyner, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Reran, Mr. L/mgueville, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Owen, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Shuttleivorth, Lord Gage, Mr. I*ock-ivood, Dr. Lee, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Chetwyml, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Kinafton, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Sc awe n, Mr. Cojler, Mr. Brerelon, Mr. Proby, Mr. Packer, Mr. Balle, Mr. Lejlie, Mr. Lechmcre, Mr. ThomaS Gore, Lord Polwarth, Mr. Hay, Mr. Shepheard, Mr. Alderman Willimott; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bucks and Oxon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That S'wjohn Ramsden, and all the Members who serve for North Britain, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the Counties of Lincoln and Rutland, as also of man y Person* usually travelling in the Northern Road, lying between the Towns of Grantham and Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, is referred.

Granthai

Road.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Sanderson, Lord Polwarth, inVernef Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Campbell of Pembrokeshire, Mr. Fane, Town Deb Mr. Bramston, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Hacks, Sir Robert Rich, Lord Baltimore, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Edward Harley, Mr. Wm. Pitt, Mr. Baptist Lcvejbn Gower, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Magistrates and Town-council of the Burgh of Inverness, in behalf of the Community thereof, is referred.

be divided and inclosed; and all Right of Common

therein extinguished: And, for facilitating such Inclosure, the said Agreement, made between the Petitioners Richard Grenville and the said Dean and Chapter, is assented to by the rest of the said Proprietors and Land Owners, except as aforesaid: And, in order to make the said Inclosure more commodious and beneficial to the f lid Parties, the Petitioners, and the rest of the said Proprietors and Land Owners, except as aforesaid, have alto consented to make several Exchanges of their respective Lands, one with the other; and to have Allotments made of the Lands to be divided and inclosed, as aforesaid, to the several Proprietors and Land Owners within the said Manor, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein: But that, although such Exchanges,

Sir John Heathcote reported from the Committee of the whole House to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for holding the Assize, for the County of Cornwall, at a convenient Place within the said County, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and theft a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrofi'ed.

Cornwall

AflLze.

A Petition of the Trustees for establ idling the Colon v Colony of Georgia in America, was presented to the House, and of Georgia, read; setting forth. That the Petitioners, lince their lad Application to this House, have been put to very great

Expences

Application of Dcnvent-vratcr Eilat e.


ii Geo. II. 70 Martii. 6§

Expences in fortifying their Settlements, and preparing for a vigorous Defence ngainit the Attempts of the niards, who continually threatened the Colony of Georgia with an Invasion; and that the Inhabitants were, by frequent Alarms, hindered in the Cultivation of their Lands, from whence they might otherwise have hoped to have raised themselves a Snbfiltence; and that the Petitioners have proceeded further in the Settling of the said Colony, by fending over foreign and other Pro-teilants; and think it their Duty to lay before the House, the Necessity the Petitioners are under to desire a further Supply, in order to the more effectually establishing this Colony; having already applied, with the greatest Care and Frugality, almost all the Monies which have been granted them for that Purpose; and expressing their Hope, that the House will be induced to do this, when they shall consider the Importance of the Situation of this Province, and the Advantages which may arise to this Kingdom, by producing in Georgia, those Materials for the Manufacture of Great Britain, which are at presentpurchased from Foreigners,with ready Money; and representing to the House, that the securing the Friendship and Afliftauce of the Indians, in case of Need, is, at this time, more particularly necessary, for the Preservation of the Colony, and which mud be attended with Charge and Expence; and that the Support of the Civil Magistracy, the encouraging the Railing of such Prof uces as this Province is capable of, and other incidental Charges, are necessary to be defrayed in the Infant State of the Colony: And therefore praying the House to give them such Assistance in the Premises as the House shall think fit,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, being informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to their Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to ‘ whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, {hewing how the Money granted, in the last Session of Parliament, to the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia, in America, has been applied‘ by them towards settling and securing the said Colony.

A Petition of the Commissioners, or Governors and Directors, of the Royal Hospital for Seamen, at -icich, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That by an Act, made in the Eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Derwentwaler, and Charles Radcliffe, the said Estates are continued vested in his present Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Appropriation of the Rents, Issues, and Profits, thereof, for the Use and Benefit of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, according to the Direction of the said Act, for such Uses, and subject to such Incumbrances and Claims, as are contained in the said Act; and that some Doubts have been raised by the Tenants of some of the said Estates, whether any Fine or Sum of Money was due and payable on the Death of the last Lord, he being an Infant at the time of his Death, and not having been seen by the Tenants, or on the Death of every of the said Tenants which ftnee hath happened ;and, as the said Premises are vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in their politick Capacity, which, in Consideration of Law, never dies, whether the said Tenants ought to do such Acts and Services, and pay such Fines and Sums of Money, on the Death of his present Majesty, or on the Death of any future King or Queen of this Realm, as, by the Tenure of their Estates, founded upon immemorial Custom, they ought to have done, and perfomed, and paid, on the Death of any Lord thereof; and that the said Estates are not vested in his Majesty, and bisSuccessors, for his Majesty’s private Use, but in Trust only.

Vox.. 23.

for the UTesin the said last mentioned Aftprescribed ;and that there are growing on the said Estates large Quantities of Timber, which, if fold, might raise a considerable Part of the Money with which the said Estates are now incumbered, and be otherwise a Benefit to the said Hospital, but, by reason of some Doubts, touching what Method ought to be taken for the Sale of the Timber on the said Estates, such Sales have been prevented: and that, by the said Act, there is a Power lodged in the Court of Exchequer, upon Application, to give such Directions as the said Court shall think proper, for the Sale or Sales of the absolute Fee-simple and Inheritance of such Part or Parts of the said Premises as are forfeited, and vested in his Majesty* as aforesaid, and charged with the respective Mortgages and Incumbrances in the said Act mentioned, as should be suficient to discharge the fame, excepting an Annuity of One hundred Pounds a Year, in the said Act mentioned; and that the rest of the said Premises, so forfeited, and vested in his Majesty, or some of them, which are not charged with the aid Mortgages and Incumbrances, by reason of their lying intermixed with the Estates of other Persons, or otherwise, will be more convenient to be sold, for the Purpose aforesaid, than such of the said Premises which are so charged; and that by the said Act it is enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to authorize the Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, for the Time being, to grant Leases of the Premises, or any Part or Parts thereof, during such Term of Years, and upon the Conditions in the said Act mentioned; and that,amongst other things, it is thereby ordered, that no Clause be contained in any of the said Leases, giving Power to any Lessee to commit Waste; and that within and under several of the said Lands and Premises are contained several Mines of Lead, Coal, and other Minerals, as well uot opened as opened, which will probably turn to very great Profit to the said Royal Hospital; for the Winning and Working thereof, it will be necessary to fink Pits, Trenches, Grooves, Drifts, Watergates, and Watercourses, and to do several other Acts and Things within and upon the said Lands and Grounds, which may be deemed Waste, within the Meaning of the said Act; and that, if the said Mines and Minerals, as well unopened as opened, can be effectually wrought, it will tend very much to the Benefit of the said Hofyital; and that the Fines, Customs, and Services, by and under which several of the Tenants hold their Farms and Estates, lying within several of the said Manors, areascertained in some Articles, Indenture, Deed, or Writing, now or late in the Custody or Power of some of the said Tenants, who refuse to produce the fame; which, if produced, might be a Means to prevent Disputes and Suits concerning the said Fines, Customs, 'and Services, and be for the common Quiet and Benefit as well of the Lords as Tenants thereof; and that it may be a considerable time before the said Mortgages and Incumbrances can be discharged, by Sale of a competent Part of the said Premises for that Purpose; and that the Interest of the principal Money due thereon is partly at the Rate of Five Pounds for One hundred Pounds, and partly at the Rateof Six Pounds for One hundred Pounds, for a Year; and that it will be a Benefit to the said Hospital to have the Money at a left Rate: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, or rendering more effectual, the said Act, in such manner as the House shall think fit.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the Hoofe, That his Majesty, having been acquainted with the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Consent, That the House may do therein as they think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending an Act, of the Eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Deneent-water and Charles Radcliffk:And that Sir C/uzr/rf Wager,

the Lord Stendon, Mr. Thomas Corbett, Mr. JIolde/i,\lr.

S Attorney

66 7* Marth. 1737.

Attorney General, Mr. SolicitorGeneral, and Mr. Byng, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

Duke of The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Bedford’* vert ing divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties Estate. of Kent, Suffolk, Efex, Hereford, and Monmouth, and the City of London, intailed, by the Will o late Duchess of Bedford, in

Fee-simple; and for settling other Estates in the Counties of Bucks and Hertford, of greater. Value, to the like Uses, in lieu thereof: To which the Lords defjre the Concurrence of this House,

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Removing The Lord John Murray presented to the House, ac-alTilu* "by* corfl<ng to Order, a Bill to enable Nairn to sue, Qt Attainder, maintain any Action or Suit,notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit ahy real or per-forial Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him: And the same was received.

Royal A dent A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton,

to a Bill. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, 'with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers; where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the Bill, intituled,

Art. Act for continuing th£ Dufies on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England-, and for granting to his majesty certain Duties upon Malt. Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called; for the Service of the

Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-eight.

' 1 ' *' ‘

Removing A. Bill to enable John Nairn to sue, or maintain any Nairn’* Dif- Action pr Suit, notwithstanding his^ Attainder; and to Atumder remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said At-.

tamder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him; was read the First time.

Refotved, That the RilJ.be read a Second time,

African ., f, Petition of the Royal African Company of England. Company, Wag. presented, to the House, and; read; setting forth, That this Hpufe having, upon full Examination and Consideration of the State of the Trade to Africa, granted, in the last Session of- Parliament, the Sum of Ten thour sand Pounds towards, the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements belonging to the Retitioners there, the said Sum hath been applied accordingly: And, U having appeared to the House, That the saul Forts, end: Settlements cannot be Supported, and the Trade pre-, served, without the Aid of Parliament, therefore praying, That such farther Provision may be made in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,. by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the.Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to their Qonsideration.

Ordered, That the salt} Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Royal African Company of England do lay before this House, the Establishment for their several Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, with the Charges thereof, for the Year 1737; distinguishing how much of the same is on the Account 16

of Trade, and how mnch for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Settlements; and also an Account how the Money granted, in the last Session of Parliament, towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, hath been disposed of.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charges of the Royal African Company of England, for the Maintenance of the several British Forts and Settlements belonging to the Company on the Coast of Africa, for the Year 1738, be laithbefore this House.

A Petition of Fi-ancis John Tuffen Esquire, Lord of Sjlore(j-t h the Manor of Hackney, and others, the principal Land- to stamf.>r<l owners and Inhabitants, within the Parish of John, Hill lloads. Hackney, in the County of Middlesex ,whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That a Petition hath been lately presented to this House, in the Name of the principal and divers others, Inhabitants of the said Parish, for Leave to bring in a Bill for amending and renainii.g.theRoad from Shoreditch Church to Stamford Iliil, in the said County, and hath been referred to a Committee of this House; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if such a Bilf lliould pals into a Law, the same would greatly alfefl the Petitioners, and tend to the Prejudice of tlair Estates and Properties within the said Parish: And therefore praying the House, that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, against the said Petition; and that they may be otherwise relieved in the Premises as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee,to whom the Petition of the principal and divers other Inhabitants of the Parish of St.

John at Hackney, in the County of Mis referred: And that theydoexamsne the Matter thereof, uud report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Yeftry- M men, and others. Inhabitants of the Parish of Mitr~ Wwimiiiitcr garet, Westminster, in behalf of themselves, mid the rest of Church,

the Parishioners, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Thai the Petitioners, having a most grateful Sense of the former Favour of this House, by granting them a Bounty of Three thousand Five hundred Pounds, for repairing their Parish Church and Tower, beg Leave, with the greatest Duty, to return their humble Thauks; and representing to the House, That One Side of the said Tower, which was repaired some Years ago, which appeared fair to the Eye, and thought to be in a Condition to Hand, was, on taking down the other Parts thereof, found to be so greatly decayed, that there was an absolute Necellity to pull down, and rebuild, that also;and that,on examining what Repairs were necessary for the Support of that Part of the Roof over the grand or middle aide of the said Church, which was built of Chesnut, the Whole was found to be so greatly decayed* that it seemed rather to be the Interposition of Providence, than any strengthof the Building, that prevented any Accident, by its fallingin; and that to thefeTwo Incidents it is owing, that the Petitioners have not only expended the whole Sum granted by Parliament, but have exceeded the fame, by One thousand Five hundred and Ninety Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Five Pence,\vith-out having done any thing towards the Repair of the' ,

Roof over the South aisle, which is very much, if not totally, decayed; and that the Circumstances of the said Parish, by the Lofsof its most wealthy and principal Inhabitants, and the great Number of empty Houses therein (which is fully evinced by their Land l ax this Year, which, with a Re-assessment, is Three Shillings in a Pound), at a time when they labour under a large Debt, lor their increaiing Poor, make it impracticable for the Petitioners to raise a suficient Sum on themselves, either fojr the Payment of their Exeeedings, or for what yet remains needful to be done to the said Church: And therefore praying the House will he pleased, by’ their further Bpunty, to enable them todischarge their former Exceeding?,

1

Linen

Udajiutacture.

Removal

of Douglass’s Disability by reason oi Attainder.

WoolLn

Mauuia&ure*

Payment of Bents.

11 Geo. II.

7°~ 8° Mariii.

ings, and to do such other Reparations to their ihid Church, as may make it more ill and iiife to receive id augultan Aflemldy as the Representatives of the Commons of Great Britain, when and so often as they shall please to honour the same with their Presence; the Expence thereof amounting in the Whole to the Sum of Two Thousand Pounds.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House* That his Majesty, being informed of the Contents of the said Petition, re* commends it to their Consideration.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole, House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted tdliisMa-jesty;

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, < [ Lord Sundon, [ Mr. Danvers: \ *3*-

Tellers for the Noes, 1 \ Lord Limerick. f M r. Robert: Jm,

So it passed in the Negative.

Mercurii)8° die;

Anno n° Georgii IIdI Regis, 1737.

PllAVERS,

MR. Ilorfnionden Turner present. d to the House, Jleux's

according to Order, a Bill to enable William Name. Maffingberd Esquire, heretofore called William Macc. and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname, of Maffingberd,pursuant to a Settlement made by

Sir William Maffingberd Baronet, deceased; And the same was received i stud read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Coun- b<-«Jioid

' r*. ‘ 11«

ties of Kent, Suffolk, Effc.r, Hereford, and Monmouth,

and the City of London,intailed by the Will of Eliza-

beth late Duchess of Bedford, in John Duke of Bedford, in Fee-simple; and for settling other Estates, in the Counties of Bucks and Hertford, of greater Value, to the like Uses, in lien thereof; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants of the City of Lon-The House being informed, that the Accomptant Ge- African don, and others, Dealers in the Man.iifactures of Linens, bCral of the African Company attended at the Door; Company. Threads, and Tapes, made in Ureal Britain and Ireland, He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, be House, pursuant to their Order,

received upon ThursdayMorning!next. , The Establishment of the Royal African Company of

(I England, for their several Forts and Settlements on the

Mr. Drummond presented. to the House, according to Coai* of with the Charges thereof, for the Year

Order, a Bill to enable William Dougla/s.eldest lawful 1737; distinguishing how much of the same is on the

Son to Sir Robert Dougla/s olGlenbervie Baronet* to sue. Account of Trade, and how much for the Maintenance or maintain any Action or Sui»,notwithstanding his At- and Defence of the said Forts and Settlements; and aL tainder; and to remove any Disability in him', by rea- fl>» an Account how the Money granted, in the lad Sef-son of his said Attainder, to take or. inherit any real or 0«n of Parliament, towards the Maintenance of the said personal Estate that may or shall hereafter descend or Forts »11<I Settlements, hath been disposed: And also, come to him: And tfte same was: received -rand read An Estimate of the Charges of the Royal African the First time. Company of for the Maintenance of the feve-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. 1 ral BrForts and Settlements belonging to the said

Company, on the Coast of Africa, for the Year 1738.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Woollen Goods hv And then he withdrew, the Borough of Newbury,in the County of Berks, and And the Titles of tliesaid Establishment and Estimate Places adjoining,was presented to the House, and ready were read;1

complaining of the prelieut Decay in the several Branches Ordered, That the said Establishment and Estimate o,f the Woollen Manufacture; which the Petitioners do ,ie upon the Table, to be perused by the Member* impute principally to that illegal Practice bf exporting of the House.

Irish and British\\oo\, and Working Tools, into so- . The said Establishment and Estimate are bound up

reign Countries: And therefore praying the House to-' with the other Papers of this Section. take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Re- ,

lief therein as the House shall think requisite. A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Chief Bu*. Eland«ftme

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. of the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suf- Kxportatioa

/fl/A, and of the Masters, Workmen, arid other Persons, of^ouL The other Order of the Day being read; concerned in the Woollen Manufacture in the said Bo-

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the rough, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons whole House, upon the Bill for the more efftftual fe- concerned in the said Manufacture, throughout curing the Payment of Rents; and; preventing Frauds by Britain, was presented tot die House,-and read; com-Tenants, ., . plaining of the pernicious Practice of Running of Wool,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. from Great Britain and Ireland, into foreign Parts:

Mr. Hungerfordtook the Chajr of the Committee. Aml therefore praying the House to take the Premises

Mr. Speaker rt fumed the Chain, I into Consideration, and to provide a'Remedy again!! a

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, That 1>raaite which is so destructive to’ t he Trade and Inter-they had gone through , t he Rill, and made fevetal reltol the Ration, to the House thall seem meet.

Amendments thereunto;,which they had directed llim to Ordered, Fhat the said Petition do lie upon the 1 able.

report, when the House will please to receive-the fame. ' , . "

Ordered, That the Report* be rppeived; upon this , Po^its oi'i of the* Dealers in, and Mafiiifaclorers of, Exportation Dav Sevennfoht. Linens, Threads, and Tapes, in and about the'City of oHbiei#a

' 0 CarHjle, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on *‘,nens‘

the. behalf.iof themselves,. and other Dealers in that And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow of Great Britain and Ireland,

Moraine, Nine of the Clock. pfefonfgd to their.House, and: read; letting forth.

That, of late Years; a: Very oonsiderable Improvement hath been made, and is ilill incresfrng, in the said Manufacture, whereliy great Numbers of poor Families, jase very comfortably supported; which .,) Manufacture, would greatly' increase, if proper bn-couragcmeot ;<-as, given thereto, by taking off the V ol. 23. Draw-

68

8° Martii. A. 173 7.

Drawback on the Exportation of foreign Linens, and by such proper Amendment and Explanations of the Statute of the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne,against the embezzling, purloiuing, or detaining, the Materials given out unto, or trailed in the Hands of, poor People, to be manufactured; the Punishment in that Law being a Penalty, of double the Value, to the Poor of the Parish, and no Satisfaction given to the Owner of the Goods so embezzled, purloiued, or detained, nor for the Costs and Charges they are at, in the prosecuting Offenders before a Magistrate; by which, and by the Backwardness of Magistrates to put the said Law in Execution, the principal Dealers in that Manufacture are very"much discouraged, and have fuilained considerable Loffesby such Embezzlements, Purloinings, and Detainings: And therefore praying the House to take into Consideration such a valuable Branch of Trade, and grant such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Exportation A Petition of the Merchants, and others. Dealers in, o» foreign and Manufacturers of, LJneus and Threads, in and near men*. - t|ie Town of Montrose, in North Britain, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others concerned and employed in the said Manufactures; and also,

Ditt*. A Petition of the Merchants, and other Dealers in, and Manufacturers of Linens, Threads, and Tapes, in and near the Burgh of Aberbrothock, in North Britain, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others concerned and employed in the said Manufactures; and also,

Diu*. Petition of the Merchants, and other Dealers in,

and Manufacture! of Linens and Threads, in and near to the Town of Perth, in North Britain, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others concerned and employed in the said Manufactures; and also,

Ditto. A Petition of the Merchants, and others. Dealers in, and Manufacturers of, Linens and Threads, in and near the Burgh of Dundee, North Britain, whose Names are - thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many

others concerned and employed in the said Manufactures; and also.

Ditto. A Petition of the Merchants, and others. Dealers in, and Manufacturers otj Linens and Threads, in and near the Burgh of Forfar, North , whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others concerned and employed in the said Manufactures; and also,

Ditto. A Petition of the Merchants, and others, Dealers in, and Manufacturers of Linens and Threads, in and near the Burghs of KirkcaldieKinghorn, Bruntisland, and

Dyfart, in the Shire of Fife, North Britain, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others concerned and employed in the said Manufactures;

Were severally prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Manufactures have been, of late Years, greatly improved, and considerably increased; and, if proper Encouragement was given to the fame, might be brought to equal (which they do now in some Sorts), if not excel, the like Manufactures of foreign Fabrick, imported into Great Britain; whereby the Consumption thereof would be increased at home, as well as extended to Parts beyond the Seas; to the great Benefit of this Kingdom; as some Thousands of useless Hands, who now want Business, might be employed in such Manufactures; and that the said Manufactures now labour under several Discouragements; but more particularly on account of the Drawbacks allowed on the Exportation of foreign Linens and Threads; by means whereof considerable Quantities are sent to Parts beyond the Seas; to the great Hinderance of the Consump-tiou of the Produce and Manufactures of this Kingdom; And therefore praying the House to take

the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Heretors and Freeholders of the County of Perth, North Britain, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for themselves, and in Name of the other Gentlemen of the County, was presented to the House, and read; letting for*h, That the Manufactures of Linen and Threads in North Britain, and particularly in that County, have, of late Years, by the Encouragement of the Legislature, been greatly improved, and considerably increased; whereby many poor Families have been provided in a comfortable SubfiHence; and that there are several Thousands still living in extreme Poverty, and Burdens to their Country, who might become useful Members of Society, by being employed in the several Branches of thefe Manufactures, if they urere carried on to the Extent they are capable of, by the farther Favour and Affiliance of the Legislature; but that the said Manufactures now labour under several Discouragements; more particularly on account of the Drawbacks allowed on the Exportation of foreign Linen, Threads, Sic.; by means whereof considerable Quantities are sent from henceto the British Plantations, to the great Hiudrance of the Consumption of our own Produce, and thereby likewise the Balance becomes to be greatly in favour of those Countries from whence they are exported, whereas,* if the Consumption at home, and the Markets abroad, were supplied with Linens, Threads, &c. of the Manufacture of these Nations, good Part of that Balance would rest in our Hands, and it would add so much more Wealth to the publick Stock of the Kingdom: And that, as the carrying on of the Linen Manufactures towards Maturity and Perfection is of great Consequence to the Nation in general, so it is of the greatest Moment and tail Consequence to this County in particular, in regard the Product of these Manufactures is the principal, if not the only, Fund the Farmers have left, for paying their yearly Rents to their Mailers, and the Manufacturing of Linen and Threads is the principal Branch of the Trade of the Market Towns in the County; and there are great Quantities of Yarn carried annually out of this Shire, which, if manufactured in the County, would enable the Petitioners to employ great Numbers of idle and poor People; and not only to supply our home Consumption, but also to fend good Quantities of our Linen to Markets abroad; And therefore praying the I lonfe to take the same of the Linen Manufactures under their Consideration, and give such Encouragement thereto, as that they may be carried on with the greatest Vigour, and to the utmoll Extent.

And the said Petitions were severally-ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants of the City of Iwndon, and others, Dealers in the Manufactures of Linens, Threads, and Tapes, made in Great Britain and Ireland, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, be received.

Mr. Whitworth presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers granted and given by the Acts, passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William, and the Tenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Mhtehead, in the County of So-merfet: And the same was received j and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Cordwainers, in the Town of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That ifthe Bill to enable Carriers to cut Leather in what Manner they please, and to fell it so cut, should pals into an Act, it would be to the great Detriment of the Cordwainers of this Kingdom in general, and of the Petitioners in particular, and of many Thousands of Poor,

who

Exportati-

of foreign Lioen*.

Minehead

Harbour.

I^awstefpefting tanned Leather.

.it Geo. II.

8 Martit.

who are now employed by them to seam and bind Shoes, ready for making; because such an Act would put it into the Power of the Curriers to monopolize the greatest Part of the Leather used in making Shoes, and to oblige the Cordwainers to buy it of them, ready curried; and that they have already given out. That they will not curry any more Leather for the Cordwainers: And therefore praying, That the House will secure them against the Incroachments of the Curriers, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Conamittee, to whom the Petition of the Curriers, and other Dealers in Leather, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalfiof themselves, and many'others, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their, Opinion thereupon, to the House.

f' ‘

Regulating A Petition of several Gentlemen and Land-owners, the Cheele of and in the County Palatine of Chester, on behalf of Trade. themselves, and their Tenants, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That many and great Incouveniencies and Lodes have arisen to the Gentlemen, I^md-owners, and their Tenants, in that County, by the claudestine Methods now practised in the buying of Cheese, by Cheese Factors and others, from the Want of having the Contrafts made for Cheese duly ascertained; whereby the Dairy Farmers have fuflered very greatly; and whereas, there hath been a Method proposed, and agreed to, at a general Meeting of that County, for regulating the said Cheese Trade, in that and the adjacent Counties.(by which, it is hoped, these Incouveniencies will be remedied for the future, and the Trade be settled on a fair, open, and equal Foot, which will tend greatly to the Advantage, not only of these Counties, in the Sale of their Cheese, but also of the Cities of London and W,in the Confnmptiou

thereof7; and whereas, in order to render the said Proposal effectual, it is necessary, that a Bill be laid before this House: Therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law. 1

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the . Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and.report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Cholmondeley, Colonel Cholmondeley, Lord Noel Som Mr: Archer, Mr. Walter Plumer, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. May, Sir Mr. Secretary at War, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir

\Dering, Lord Grey, Mr. *S’ara;eH, Sir James Colonel

Onslow, Lord Wallingford, Mr. Mr. Bayntun

Bolt, Mr. Kinafion, Mr. Turner, Mr. Coster, Mr. son. Sir Wm. Heathcote, Lord Andover, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Compton; and all die Members who serve for the Coant\eaofChefer^ancaJler, Salop^Stafford, Derby, Flint, Denbigh, Gloucester, Wilts, Somerset, Dorset, Warwick, Suffolk, Oxford, Middlesex, and for the Cities of London and Westminster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Colony of The House being informed, that Mr. Verelfi, Ac-Ceorgia. comptant to the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account, shewing how the Money granted, in the last Session of Parliament, to the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia, in America, has been applied by them towards settling and securing the said Colony.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House to whom it is re* ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Vol. a3-

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Cnftotns do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity and Value oilrish Linens that have been re-exported, from Christmas 1724 to Christmas 1736; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Value of the Imports and Exports to and from England and from Christmas 1724 to Christmas 1736; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay befOre this House, an Account of the Value of all foreign Linens, Cambricks, and Lawns, imported into England, from Christmas 1724 to Christmas 1736; dif-

tiiighiftiing each Species and Year, and from what Countries imported.

, .;

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and otb^r Fast Inhabitants* of the Parish of Mary Gl'p*rivl 'l-b

mondefey, in the County of Surry: whole Names are thereunto subscribed, wars presented to the House, and read; reciting a Petition, presented to this House, of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, dwelling in the Towns of East Deptford, Lezoisham, Woolwich, Lee, and Ellham, and other Parishes and Places contiguous thereunto, in the County of Kent, and alleging, That in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road leading from the Stones-end in Kent Street, in the Parish of St. George,

Southwark, in the County of Surry, to the Lime-kiln in East Greenwich, near Blackhcath, and to l^ivisham Church, in the County of Kent, which Act was couti nued by an Act, passed in the Sixth YCar of his said Majesty’s Reign, a Turnpike hath been erected iti the Parish of St. George, in the County of Surry, across the Road which leads through Bermondefey Parish to London Bridge; -at which Turnpike the Inhabitants of the said Parish, having Occasion to travel the said Kentish Itoad, are obliged to pay the Tolls and Duties laid by the said Act; and the said Roads through Bermondefey aforesaid, being the nearest way to' I^ondon Bridge, and other Parts of Southwark, and less on the Pavement, many Coaches, Waggons, heavy Carriages, and Horses, coming from Kent, and some Part of Surry, pass the said Road to and from London, whereby the same is continually worn; and that the Petitioners, since the Erection of the said Turnpike, have been at great Expence, and the Inhabitants have been obliged to make Rates upon the Lands and Tenements of the said Parish, from Four Pence to Six Pence in the Pound, towards the repairing the said Road, being near a Mile in Length:

And therefore praying, That, in the intended Bill petitioned for, such Provision may be made for and towards the repairing the said Roads; or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants,dwelling in the Towns of East Greenwich, Deptford, Lewijkam,

Woolwich, Lee, and Ellham, and other Parishes and Places contiguous thereunto, in the County of Kent, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Alderman mott, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Ashley, Mr. Ben. Bathurjt, and Sir Francis Child, be added to the said Committee.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, and other Inha- Hocclift, &c. bitants, of the Counties of Buckingham and whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the antient Road, called Watling-street Road, being the old Roman Road between London and Chester, and the antient Coach and

Carriers Road, and also the Poll Road, lying through the several Townships and Parishes of Hocclift, Batlefden,

T Leighton

no 8* Mariik A. 1737.

Leighton Bofard', SoulBury^ Great and Lillie Ferny Stratford, SymfonBleckley, Wolverton, and Caherton, in the Counties of Bedford' and Buckingham,is in divers Places, by reason of the

many heavy Carriages passing and repairing the fame,. so much ruined, that the several Days Work on the Highways, as by Law provided, are not sufficient to keep the same in such Repair as to make the same paflab’e; and, for that the Inhabitants of the said Parishes in which the said Hoad doth lie, are not of Ability to repair the same without fume other Provision, there-being in many Places thereof no Materials to be had, but at great Distanees from the respective Toiwns and Places where the said ruined Road doth lie i Therefore praying. That the Petitioners may have Leave to bring in a Rill for repairing the said Road from the End of llocclift Town, in the County of Bedford, to Stony Stratford, in the County of , lying within

the said several'Townships and Parishes, iu fitch manner ' as the House shall think fit. V

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to scheCon-fiderat'on of a Committee And-that they db examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as. it shall appear to them, to the Hoqfe.

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Watkhi JVms. Wynne, Dr. Lee, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Brereton, Sir Janies Grant, Sir Win.Stapleton, Lord Wallingford, Mr. Braffey, Mr. Hooper, Lord Barrymore, Mr. Harley, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Mr.

Dennis, Mr. Orwe«, Colouel Oglethorfie, Lord Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Cqwlbf, Mr. Lewis, Mr. , Mr. Turner, Mr. Laroche, Mr, CroJJe, Mr. Knight, Mr. Shuttleicorth, Mr. Flwmptre, Mr. , Sir Henry Boghton, Mr. Seamen, Mr. May, Mr. Pieri, Lori Charles. Cavendi/^, Mr. SandySir John Rv/hout, Mr. OlmiusfbAr. Cartzvright, Lord Limerick, Sir Wm. cote,1Mr. Hungyrford, Mr. Z, osfgueville.Sir John cote, Mr^ Gore, M t. Rayntu , Mr. Crawley, Mr. Maijler, Mr. Winninglpn, Sir Mr. Hay,

Mr. FydeU,.Mr. Mr. Finch, Sin Thomas Lowther, Mr. ComezpaU, Sir Northcote-, and all the

Members who ferye for the Counties of Bucks, Bedford, and Northampton; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Duty on A Petition of the Governor and Company of Mer-

Kmyrna chants of England, trading to the Levant Seas, was pre-

®*‘ ns* fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Importation of Raiflns from Smyrna has been of great Advantage to the Shipping employed by the said Company, for carrying out the Woollen ManufaAures of this Kingdom; but, since the Faffing of an Act of Parliament, in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty, the Customs on the Raiflns from and Alicant is settled

at 6s. 4 d.mperCent, which are here of at lead an equal Value with Smyrna Raiflns, which continue to pay 8r. 3 per Cent. Custom; the Difference of which Customs amount to 1 od.44, and is no lefis

than 30 per Cent on the first Cost; and that, by means of this Inequality, the Importation of Smyrna Raiflns cannot be continued; and tl;at the Shipping from thence are obliged to ballast with Stones, to the Loss of their Owuers, as well as of the Traders iD the Woollen Manufactures: And therefore praying, That the Duty upon Smyrna Raiflns may be brought to an Equality of Custom with what is paid upon the Raiflns from Denia and Alicant; which will be an Encouragement to the Navigation employed in carrying out the Woollen Manufactures to Turkey, and to the Exports thereof; or. that such other Relief may be granted them, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee of the whole House,

Rejoined, That this House will, Tomorrow Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

-WM

A Petition of John Earl of Kintore being offered to be Succession of presented to the House; £*r,of,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's j^tM? Command, acquainted the House, That the same of the Petitioner having been humbly represented to his Majesty, his Majesty gives his Confeut, that the House may do therein, as they think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought: up, and read; setting forth. That John Earl of Kintore, and William Lord Inverury, the Petitioner’s Grandfather and Father,

both now deceased, did, by a Procuratory of Resigna-tion, and Deed of Intail, beating Date on or about the *3d and 17th Days of February 1694, according to the Foraiof the Law of Scotland, surrenderthe Estate and Earldom of Kintore, in the said Deed of Intail more particularly mentioned and described, in Favour, and' for new Infeoffments of the Preroifes to be made, given, and granted, to the said John Earl of Kintore, for Life, and to the said William Lord Inverury, his eldest lawful Son, and to the Heirs Male, then lawfully to be procreate, between him and the Lady Catherine Murray his Spouse; which failing, to the Heirs Male of the said Wm. Lord Inverury, in any subsequent Marriage; which failing, to George Keith, Third lawful Son of the said John Earl of Kintore, deceased, and the Heirs Male of his Body; which failing, to Charles Keith,.

Fourth Son of the said John Earl of Kintore, and the Heirs Male of his Body; which failing, to any other Heir Male of the said John Earl of and to the

Heirs Male of their Bodies; which failing, to George then Earl Mareschal of Scotland, nbw deceased, eldest.

Brother of the said John Earl of Kintore, deceased, and -to the Heirs Male of the Body of the said George Earl Mareschal; with other Remainders over; with, and under, and subject to, prohibitory, refolutive, and irritant.

Ctaufes; particularly, that if any of the Heirs of Intail,; to whom the said Honours and Estate are limited, in manner aforesaid, should commit Treason, or any other.

Crime, by which the Premises might be evicted or forfeited; iu that Cafe, the Alienation, Disposition, and Infeoffments, made, or to be made, in Favour of such

Heir, fiibuld,ipso fa8otbe null and void, and the Person or Persons, so counteracting the Provisoes and Conditions of the said Intail, and their Heirs, should lose ail Right, Title, Interest, and Benefit, which they could claim any manner of way, by virtue of the said Intail and Infeoffment following thereupon; and the said Honours, Lands, and Estate, should immediately thereafter defeend to the next Heir of Intail immediately following the said Person so contravening, and should appertain and belong to such next Heir, free from, and unaffected by, the said Crimes, Acts, and Deeds, in the same manner, and as freely, as if the Contraveners, and their Heirs, had never existed, or had not been named Members of the said Intail; and that, in virtue of the said Procuratory of Resignation, and Deed of Intail, the said Honours, Lands, and Estate, were surrendered to the Crown; and, upon such Surrender, their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary were pleased, by their Charter and Grant, bearing Date at Kenfngton on or about the 17th Day of December 1694, of new, to , give, grant, and dispone, the said Honours, Lands, and

Estates, with the whole Parts, Pendicles, and Appurte- . nances thereof, to the said John Earl of Kintore, for Life; and, after his Decease, to the said William Lord Inverury, his eldest lawful Son, and to the Heirs Male then lawfully to be procreate between him and the said Lady Catharine Murray his Spouse; and, failing of him and them, to the other Heirs in the said Deed of Intail and Charter, and herein before recited, subject to the prohibitory, refolutive, and irritant Clauses above-mentioned; and that the Petitioner, as Heir Male of the said William Lord Inverury, his Father, has succeeded to, and is in Possession of, the said Estate, and, as such, is served and retoured Heir to him; and that, in case of Failure of the Petitioner, and the Heirs Males of his Body, and of William Keith, Esquire, his Brother, and the Heirs Males of his Body, the Issue Male of

.1

r i Geo. li-

ft* Marti}.

O

the said- deceased -Earl'Mareschal of

will, by the Conception apdl.iwitatje^in the said Deed of In tail,' and Charter following thereupon; succeed to the said Hbnows, lands, and EAate; aodsthat, by an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign- of his later Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act fort the1 Attainder of George Earl Mareschal, Earl,* of

Sc'qforth, JamesP^d of SoiUheJ'qttc, James Ears of ifaw-' muir, and others, of High Treason, unless they ftSaU ren--der themselvesto Justice a Daycert^in therein mentioned, it is enacted, amongst other thihgsj 'That, if the fold George Earl Mareschal -thousd not. render hiajfplf to one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peatfe on <$ before the 1 aft Day of Jrtne\n the Tear of our, Lord i o, then the said George Earl Mareschal should, from aiuj after the 13th Day of Novemberiyij,stand, and be adjudged,

attainted or High Treason; and that the said George, lateEarl Mareschal, who is the Grandson and Heir Male of the said George Earl Mareschal, mentioned in th§ said Deed of: Intail, did not forrender himself, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, and thereby became attainted of High Treason; And whereas, in case off the Decease of the Petitioner and his Brother, without issue Male of their Bodies,' in the Life-time of the said George, late -Earl Mareschal, a Doubt may arise, whether, notwithstanding the said prohibitory, irritant, and refolutive Glaufes, the said Honours, Lands, and Estate would descend to the other Heirs of Intaif, in the same manner, and as freely, as they would or might have done, if the said George, late Earl Mareschal, attainted, had never existed, or had not been named a Member of the said Iptail; Therefore praying the House will give Leave to bringin a Bill for continuing and securing the Succession to the said Honours, Lands, and Estate, in case of the Petitioner’s and his Brother’s Death, without issue Male of-their Bodies, to all the other Heirs of the said Intail, other than the said George, late Earl Mareschal, in the same manner, as if the said George, late Earl Mareschal, had never existed, or bad died without ever having been attainted.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition:

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Te.lersf,rU.eYea8,^« } ,58.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

And that the Lord G tenorchy, Brigadier General Midleton, Colonel Oglethorpe, and the Lord Advocate of Scotland, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Relief of A Petition of the Merchants and others of the City shipwrecked of London, trading to Genoawas presented to the House,

Manners at and read; setting forth. That it has been customary for <moa* the British Merchants and FastOrs, residing in several Ports of Portugal, Spain, and Italy, to collect Sums of Money annually amongst themselves, for answering and defraying all the common andunavoidable Expences necessary in Defence of their Privilege, and for the Relief of Ihipwrecked Mariners, and others, his Majesty’s Subjects, in Necessity and Distress, and for other charj-tablePurposes; and that, in regard the Number 0 Ships coming to the Port of Genoa is greater, the Objefts for Relief more in Number, and all other the Expences of the Factory much larger, than formerly, the necessary. Sums for such publick Services are impossible to be. raised by voluntary Contributions amongst the Merchants and Factors; which occasions the Affairs of the Factory to suffer very much, and several of his Majesty’s Subjects fliipwrecked, or otherwise distressed, to be reduced to the greatest Extremity: who might be supported, were there proper Power given for collecting, certain ftpall Sums upon Tonnage and Bale Goods imported into that Port, in British Vessels, to be applied to such public Uses and Services: And therefore praying. Vot. 23.

; the Hdai’^M’ti^eiHe CWfla^rAtldtj, iud

'givd lAaVe for thp iirih'ging ^n a Biff*for*e/fefting!n»

T®nrposes Aforesaid btyfiion'. other Relief;. as tp-the House shall feetri meet*.* ' ' 1

Ordered,.Thaithe foid, Petition be referred to the

Consideration.of a Churafftfee: And that'.lfhCy do examine the Mpttgr thereof, andreport thefoine; as’ it (half hppeqr'tb tlietti, to the Hbftfe. " J "J And :ii| is referred id M i,' Aldertnaiii‘ Mr.

.Gybbdn, Mri' Whitludrjtfii , Mr. HungerjbrdJ, Mr- ^ttgup-mile, Mfc^«riw/yiKfr.’ PWr, Mr. Mr 'Sir John Hedthcote, Sir' Win'.Jlca Mr. Douglas,

Mr . Glanvitlc, Xj'r. HbpfrW*MV.1 Mi>rdt Lord Gage,^Mr, /tljahie, Cd\6d$\ Cholmondkey] ME'

Mr. PfliiUpfon-, And all the Merch\m^sfpT the' House:

And t^ey ap to meet this Afternooft^'jat jrive of the Clock,’ in Wie Speaker’s Chamber: Artcf baye Power so . fend’so Persons,.Papers; and Records. ‘ 1:'‘ ’

A'Petition of^she Adventurers, Ostlers, and Proprie* Deeping tors, of the taxable Lands\hPeepingFen4, in the Copnty Fens

of Lincoln, whose Names are1 thereunto subscribed,’ was ra,na8e-' presented to the House, and read; feting forth, 'Diat the said Tens contain about Thirty thpufopd Actes in the Whole; whereof the Adventurers, utfoeV'jvhom the Petitioners claim an Interest therein,1 are,(byTlvo Several Acts of Parliament, made in the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, for draining foe said pens, rtiade chargeable for the effectual Draining thereof; and-Five thousand Acres, other Part of the Lid Fen I^ands, are the Property of some few Owners thereof, which are called the free Lands; and all the rest of the said Fens are commonable Lands; but as the Petitioners, as well as their Predecessors, have frequently met with many insuperable Difficulties; which have frustrated all their Endeavours to preserv and keep the said Fens drained; by which Means, not only the said taxable Lands but also the said free and commonable Lands, are rendered almost entjrely unprofitable, to the very great Loss of all, and Irppoveriftiment of many, of the said Proprietors and Commoners; and the said Proprietors of the said free Lands being thoroughly sensible, that nether the said fi-ee and commonable Lands, or the said taxable Lands, can ever be made profitable, unless some new Methods be taken for regaining the fame, and future Preservation thereof, the greater Part of the Proprietors of the said free Land, in Quantity of Land, have therefore come to a mutual Agreement in Writing, to join with the Petitioners in making Application to-Parliament, to obtain an Act to enable them to raise a competent Sum of Money for effectual Draining, and future Preservation, of all the said Fens, in such Manner , and by such Ways and Means, and upon such Terms and Conditions, as are set forth in the raid Agreement; and to carry the said Agreement into Execution, and make the same binding upon all Parties to he benefited thereby, in such Manner as by the said Agreement is. afeertajned and provided, or ia such other Manner, or by such otherWays and Means, as shall be by such Act provided: Therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill into the House for such the Purposes aforesaid, or in such other manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the faicl Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that, they do exa-. mine the Matter thereof, and report the some, as it shall ' appear to them, to the House.

And it-is referred to Mr. Vyner, Sir Thomas -

Jon, Mr. Bladen, Sir John Heaihcote, Mr. Pelham, Mr.

Charles Pelham, Sir John Ryjkovt, Mr. Frederick, Mr.

Manfd, Mr. Montagu, Mr. White, Mr. Tower, Mr. Alderman Heath cote, Mr. Walker, Mr. Lowther, Mr.

Treby, Lord Wallingford, Mr. Whitworth, Captain Pi/r-vis, Mr. Waller, Sir Bobert Long, Mr, Sandys, Me.

Brere ton, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Piers, Mr. Erskine, Mr.

Tracy, Sir CharlesGilmour, S\rWm.Hcathcote,$\r Charles Mordaunti Mr. Pitt, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Trevor, Mr.

Fox, Mr, Glanville; and all the Members who serve

for

7-2 8* — 9*

for the Counties of Lin, Cambridge, tuid Norfolk,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Supplying A Petition of Thomas Smith Esquire,' Lord of the *>?rtfi52u,h Manor of Farlington, in the County of wkh Water. wa3 presented to the House, and read j setting forth, That there being great Want of good and wholesome Water for fopplying the Town of Portsmouth, publick Offices, and Ships of War, the Petitioner hath found Means of supplying them with, the best of Water, from certain Springs lately difoovered within the Petitioner’s said Manor of Farlington, but Four Miles distant from the said ToWnof Portsmouth; which the Petitioner is willing and defiroiis to convey through Pipes for the Purposes aforesaid, at his own Gxpeuce: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner to supply the Town of and Parts adjacent, with good and wholesome Water, at his own proper Coils and Charges.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Surplufes dated at 1737,

be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surplufes flated at Michaelmas x 1737, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Rebuildings of Ships of War, for the Year 1738, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That an Account, shewing how the Money granted last Session of Parliament, for the Repair of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, , hath been

disposed of, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That an Account of what Money has been received by the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster, for; Seven Years last past, for breaking up Ground in the said Church, or Places adjacent, for Burials; and for erecting Monuments there; and how the same Money has been applied; and likewise an Account of what Money has been applied by them, towards the Repairs and finishing the said Church, and Edifices thereunto belonging, for Seven Years last past; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee,

; That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-awl M«ans. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow , Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martii. A. 1737.

Jovis,9* die Martii;

Anno ii* Georgii II41 Regis, 1737.

Pr ay ms.

AN ingrafted Bill for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every «Scote Pint of Ale. and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or. fold, within the Town of Aberbrothock, and Liberties thereof, was

read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Afii for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every &ofrPint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Aberbrothock, and Liberties thereof.

Ordered, That Brigadier General Midleton do carry the' Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That, it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are ordered to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the effectual Draining and Preservation of certain Fens, called Cawdle Fen, Water den, and in the Isle of

Ely, in the County of Cambridge, That they do likewise provide, in the said Bill, for the effectual Draining and Preservation of One Piece of Fen Ground, called the Holts, in the said Isle of Ely, being within the Petition presented in this Session of Parliament to this House, and the Report from the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred, on which the said Bill was ordered to be brought in.

Mr. William Plumer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and given by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the Roads from Lem forMill, in the County of Hertford, to Welioyn, and from thence to Cory's Mill, and from Welwyn through Codicot, to Hit chin, in the said County; and also for repairing the Roads from Cory's Mill to Hitchin aforesaid: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Bevan reported from the Committee to whom the . Bill for naturalizing PhilipRigail, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Mr. Thompson of York presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Relief of such Prisoners for Debt, as have, by unavoidable or unforeseen Accidents, loft the Benefit of being discharged, by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors; and to indemnify such Sheriffs or Gaolers, as have, by unavoidable or unforeseen Accidents, incurred any Penalties, or fub-jected themselves to any Action or Actions at Law, on account of the said Prisoners not being discharged: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty of the 9th Day of February last, Copies of the several Applications made to his Majesty for warlike Stores from any of his Majesty’s Plantations in America, and which have been received by the Duke of Neivcafle, One of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries' of State; together with an Account how far the same 1 ave been granted; together with a List thereof. And the said Lift was read; and is as followeth; vix. 23 Copy

Aberbrothock

Harbour, fc c

Redmor Fen Drainage -

Lemsfortl Mill, See. Roads.

Rigail’a

Nat.

Relief of Debtors.

Supplying the Plantations with Warlike Stores.

11 Geo. II. 9° Mdrtii.

Copy of a Representation of Msypr General,

G overnor of Jamaica, praying for a Supply of warlike Stores.

Lift of warlike Stores ordered to be sent to May 13, 1729,upon MtyorGeneral Hunter's Reprefen* tation.

Lift of warlike Stores ordered to be sent to the Bahama Islands, April 24, 1729, in lieu of those that were ordered to be lent thither, Septe 1748; the Governor, Captain Woodes Rogers, representing, that these would be most serviceable.

Extract of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations to the Duke of July

16 1729* inclosing

Extract of a Letter from the Governor of Bermuda, April 30 1729, representing the Want of warlike Stores there.

Copy of a Letter from the Secretary at War to the

Duke of Newca/Ue, 13 June 1734, for Arms and Ac-

coutrements for Six Independent Companies at Jamaica.

Copy of a Letter from the Secretary at War to the Duke of Newcajtle, July 10 1734, for Tents for Light

Independent Companies at Jamaica.

Copy of a Letter from the Secretary at War to the Duke of Neucastle, October 9 1735, inclosing.

Ext raft of Mr. Pojiple’s Memorial for Arms for the Independent Company in the Island of dence.

Copy of a Letter from the Secretary at War to the Duke of Nezvcajtle, October 9 1735, for Arms and Accoutrements for the Two old Independent Companies at Jamaica.

Copy of a Letter from the Secretary at War to the Duke of Nexocastle, October 25 1737, for warlike Stores for a Regiment to be raised under the Command of James Oglethorpe Esquire.

Mr. Comptroller also presented to the House, pursuant to the said Address, Copies of the several Applications made to his Majesty in Council, for warlike Stores, from any of his Majesty’s Plantations in America; together with an Account how far the same have been granted; together with a List thereof.

And the said Lift was read; and is as followeth; viz.

N° 1. Extract of.. Representation of the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, fora Supply of Stores for the Bahama Islands, presented on the itth of June 1721: Lift and Estimate of Stores thereto annexed* granted the 26th of September 1728.

2. Copy of a List and Estimate of Stores for South Carolina, granted the 14th of December 1730.

3. Extract of a Memorial of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty about building a Fort, and fending Stores to Lynches Island in Jamaica, for securing the Entrance into the Harbour at Port Antonio, presented the 17th of September 1730: Lift of Stores thereto annexed, left at Port Antonio by his Majesty’s Ships the Gosport, and Tartar, ordered to be allowed on the said Ships Accounts, the 21st of July 1732.

4. Copy of a Representation of the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, proposing to fend some Stores to the Island of Antigua, for the Defence of his Majesty’sShips and Storehouses, and all'o for the Security of English Harbour in that Island, presented the 28th of October 1731: Lift and Estimate of Stores thereto annexed, granted the 23d of December 1731.

5. Extract of a Representation of the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, for fending Stores to the Island of St. Christopher's, presented the 23d December 1731: Lift and Estimate of Stores thereto annexed, granted the 19th of January 1731.

6. Extract of a Memorial of Richard Filz William Esquire, Governor of the Bahama Islands, praying, among other things, to have a Fort erected, and also to have a Supply ot Stores and small Arms; and that an Engineer, Bombardiers, Sic. may be sent thither; pre-

Vol. 23.

fented the 21st of February 173* l.Copy of an Order of ’the King in Council, thereto annexed, for fending over an Engineer withtiiesaid Governor, to make Plans and Surveys, abd to report jointly with the Governor what shall appear necessary to be done, For thd Security and Defence of those Islands, dated the 2d of August 1733.

7. Copy of a Representation of the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, for fending some Cannon Shot to Antigua, presented the 20th of December 1733: Lift and Estimqte of the said Shot thereto an* nexed, granted the 20th of March 1733.

8. Extract of a Representation of the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, proposing to fend some Stores to the Island of Barbadoes, presented the 2dfh of March 1733-4: Lift and Estimate of Stores thereto, annexed, granted the 3d of April 1735.

9. Extract of a Representation of the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, proposing to fend some Stores to the Leeward Churibbee Islands, presented the 17th of April x 734: Lift and Estimate of Stores thereto annexed, granted the 3d of April 1735.

10. Copy of an Address of the Council and Assembly of the Province of the Majfachvfels Bay, For a Supply of Stores, presented the 19th of September 1734.

11. Extract of a Memorial of the late Henry Cunningham Esquire, deceased, late Governor of Jamaica, for a Supply of Stores for that Island, presented the 24th of

October 1734.

12. Copy of an Address of the President, Council, and Assembly of Jamaica, praying for a Supply of Stores, presented the 14th of j. fugujl 1735.

13. Copy of the said Lift of Stores, intended to be sent to Jamaica.

14. Copy of the Petition of the Council and Assembly of the Island of Monferrat, praying for a Supply of Stores, presented the 12th of February 1734-5.

15. Copy of the Petition of Richard Partridge, Agent of Rhode Island, praying that a Supply of Stores may be sent thither, presented the 3d of April 1735.

16. Copyof the Petition of the Trustees of,

praying for a Supply of Stores, presented the 30th of

7ulJtins-

N° 17. Copy of a Representation of the T.ords Commissioners fbrTrade and Plantations, proposing to fend some Ammunition to the Bermuda Islands, presented the 12th of Ja/mary 1737, an<l referre(l to a Committee of Council the same Day.

Mr. Comptroller also presented to the House, pursuant to the said Address, C opiesof Applications received from the Lords Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, for warlike Stores for the Service of his Majesty’s Plantations in America, together with a List thereof:

And the said Lift was read; and is as followeth; viz.

*7 *9* July >5-

N* i. Extract of a Letter frorfi Cap-

tain Pitt, Lieutenant Governor of Bermuda, dated the 30th of April 1729, complaining of Want of Ammunition and Stores of War in that Government. 1729-30. 2. Copy of a Letter from the Commis-

Febr. 20. sioners of Trade and Plantations, to the Duke of Newcajtle, dated the 20th of February 1720-30, recommending a Supply of warlike Stores, neetflary to be sent to South Carolina.

3. Copy of a Memorial from Mr. Yea-mans Agent for the Island of Antigua, praying for some Stores of War, for a Fort built in that Island.

December 16. 4. Copy of a Memorial from the Agent

of St. Christophers, praying for a Supply of Cannon, and Stores of War, for that Island.

5. Copy of a Memorial from John Yeamans Esquire, Agent of Antigua, praying for a Supply of Cannon Shot for that Island.

U *733*4*

1731*

July 27.

*733-November 28

Supplying the Plantations wild warlike Stores*

74

9° Martii, 1737.

6. Extra# of a Memorial from the for the County of Cornwall, at a convenient Place within Agents of Barbadoes, inter al. desiring the said County, was read the Third Time.

Stores of War may be sent thither. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

7. Extra# of a Letter from the Lord be, An Act to explain and anfend an Act, passed in the

Howe, Governor of Barbadoes, dated the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George 6th January 1733-4, praying for a Supply the First, intituled, An Act for holding the Assize, for the of Arms, and other Stores of War, for that County of at a convenient Place within the

Island. said County.

8. Extra# of a Memorial from the Ordered, That Mr. Laroche do carry the Bill to the

Agents of Antigua and St. Christopher*s. Lords, and desire their Concurrence, about Want of Store* of War, S c.in

those Islands. Mr. Alderman Heathcote reported from the Commit-

9. Copy of Memorial from Mr. tee to whom the Petition of Thomas Gibfon,}Lfq\i\re, James

Popple, Governor of Bermuda, relating to Francis, Henry Williams, Roger Williams, and others, the Want of OrdnanceStores there. whoseNamesarethereuntosubscribed, Creditors of Hugh

Mr. Comptroller also presentedto the House, pursuant Naish, late a Prisoner for Debt, in the Prison of the , to the said Address, the several Aecounts of warlike Stores was referred. That the Committee had examined the issued and sent to his Majesty’s Plantations in America, Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to since his Majesty’s Accession to the Throne, together report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j with a List thereof. and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

And the said Lift was read, referring to the Accounts delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same following; viz.. was read; and is as follows; viz.

N° 1. An Accourit of Ordnance and Stores, sent to The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the the Bahama Islands, the 21st of May 1729, pursuant to House, examined the Matter thereof:

his Majesty's Warrant, bearing Date the 24th April And, to prove the Allegations, the Agents for the 1729. Petitioners called,

z. An Account of (landing Carriages, and other Ord- Mr. John Cotton, Clerk of the Papers to the Fleet Pri-nance Stores, sent to the Island of Jamaica, 6th June son: Who laid before the Committee the Commitment 1729, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, bearing Date of Hugh Naish, Esquire, to the said Prison, on the 29th 13th May 1729. of June 1731, at the Suit of Thomas Esquire,

3. An Account of Ordnance and Stores sent to Sout and others, the Petitioners: And also a second Commit-

Carolina, 4th May 1731, pursuant to his Majesty’s Order ment of the said Hugh Naish, Esquire, to the said Prison, in Council, dated 14th December 1730. dated November the 6th 1734.

4. An Account of Ordnance and Stores sent to Anti- And being afte^d, why there were Two Commitments,

gua, the 30th May i 732, pursuant to his Majesty’s Order he said, He was removed by Corpus to the King's

in Council, dated the 23d of December 1731. Bench, the 6th Day of November 1734, at the Suit of

5. An Account of Ordnance and Stores sent to the Mr. Henry Williams, and others, the Petitioners; and,

Island of St. Christopher's,30th: May 1732, pursuant to by another Habeas Corpus, the same Day removed back

his Majesty’s Order in Council, dated the 19th January again to the Fleet.

1731-2. Then a Clause in an Act, passed in the last Session of

6. An Account of Ordnance and Stores left at Port Parliament, for Relief of insolvent Debtors, was read;

Antonio, or on board the Southampton Hulk at Jamaica, whereby it is enacted, That any One or more of t he Cre-by Order in Council, dated the 21st of July 1732. ditors of any Prisoner, committed since the First Dav of

7. An Account of round Shot sent to the island of January 1730, at whose Suit he or she was detained in

Antigua, 25th May 1734, pursuant to his Majesty’sOr- Prison, upon the First Dayo 1736, upon Thirty

der in Council, bearing Date 20th March 1733-4. Days Notice to be given in Writing to such Prisoner,

8. An Account of Arms, Tents, and Ammunition, and the Person in whoseCustody he orihe was, requiring

(lent to Jamaica, 31st July r 734, for Service of the Eight such Prisoner to be brought before the J u (I ices, at their Independent Companies of Foot there, pursuant to his next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, for their Majesty’s Warrant, dated the 5th and 22d July 1734. respective County, Riding, Division, City, Town, or

9. An Account of Ordnance and Stores, sent to Bar- Liberty, together with a Copy or Copies of the Cause or brdoes, the 27th of September 1733, pursuant to his Ma- Causes of his or her Detainer: And such Prisoner, Majesty’s Order in Council, bearing Date 3d April 1735. ing before such Justices, at the said General or Quarter

10. An Account of Stores sent to Antigua, and the Sessions, should, at the Desire of any One or nioreofhis

Rest of the Leeward Chatibbee Islands, 27th September or her Creditors, at whose Suit he or (lie appeared to be 1735, pursuant to his Majesty’s Order in Council, bear- detained, be obliged to deliver in upon Oath, and fubing Date 3d April 1735. feribe, a Schedule of his or her Estate and Effects, to be

11. An Account of Muskets, Sc. sent to the Island veiled, assigned, and equally divided, for the Benefit of of Providence, for arming an Independent Company of his or . Creditors, in like manner as Persons desiring

Foot there, 13th June 1736, pursuant to his Majesty’s to take the Benefit of the said Act were required to do, Warrant, bearing Date 31 ft October 1735. subject to the Penalties therein mentioned; and should,

12. An Account of Muskets, &c. sent to Jamaica, upon such Discovery, be discharged, and fetat. Liberty, 23d December 1736, for completing the Arms of the Two in the same Manner, and wii h the same Benefit, of making oldest Independent Companies of Foot there, pursuant use of his or her Discharge, as was thereby provided for to her Majesty Que-'p Guardian’s Warrant, bearing Prisoners seeking their Discharge under that A#.

Date 24th of September 1736. Mr. Francis Edwards, Clerk to Mr. James Francis,

13. An Account of Arms.Tfents, Ammunition, Arti- being called, laid before the Committee Copies of the fleers, Tools, and other Necessaries, ifiiied to Colonel several Notices by him delivered to the said Hugh Naish Oglethorpe, 22d November, and 31st December, for De- Esquire, and the Warden of the Fleet, on the 9th of July fence of the Plantations in America, pursuant to his 1737, pursuant to the above-recited Clause.

Majesty's Warrant, dated 7th’5 November 1737. Then the Agent for the Petitioners laid before the

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, Committee the London Gazette, from Tuesday July 5th, to be perused by the Members of the House. to Saturday July 9th, 1737; wherein the Notice, as

directed to be given by the said A#, was inserted.

-Cornwall An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed Mr. John Colton being again called, said. That, during Assize. in the Year of the Reign of his late Majesty the Time of Hugh Naish Esquire’s Confinement in the King George, intituled, An Act for holding the Assize, Fleet Prison, he had heard him several Times declare, he

had

Supplying thr Plantation* Wirlike Store*.

173 2-4. March 7.

*734* April 9.

1737-

December 7.

Faith’s

Estate.

Manufacture of narrow Cloths.

11 Geo. II# 9° Marti. 75

had an Estate in Norfolk, of £ 1,700, or £ 1,800 per Annum; and that he had sufficient to pay all his Debts, and leave himself£ 500 a Year.

M*r. Daniel Hopkins, Deputy Warden of the Fleet Prison, said, That he had perceived the said Hugh Nuish Esquire had made his Escape out of the said Prison, on Tuefdaythe 27th July 1737; and being informed he was at Boulogne in France, lie went thither after him, and was in Company with him several Days; during which Time he gave to him a Paper, which he laid before the Committee, intituled, A State of my prelVnt Interest in my Father’s Estate; whereby it appeared, That he is entitled to several Sums of Money, amounting to the Sum of £14,699. 4d.; asalfoto an

Estate for Life, of £ 82.5 per Annum; and also to the Reversion of an Estate of£ 600 more, for

Life, after the Decease of his Brother, without Issue.

Mr. IVm. Golfhorough confirmed that Part of the

Evidence of Hopkins, relating to the Escape of the said

Hugh Naish Esquire; and further said. That in Augnfi, last he was in Company with him several Days at Boulogne in Frame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for veiling the real and personal Estate of Hugh Naish Esquire, who was late a Prisoner in his Majesty’s Prison of the Fleet, and escaped out of the fame, in Trustees, for the Benefit of his Creditors: And that Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. William Plume and Mr. , do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.:

Sir John Ttamfden reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Clothiers, Makers of Kersies, Plains, and other narrow Woollen Cloths, whoseNames are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other Clothiers, Makers of such narrow Cloths, in the West Riding of the County of was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, in purfnance of the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition: And, in order to prove the Allegations thereof,

The Petitioners laid before the Committee, Three several Acts of Parliament, of the Seve nth and Tenth Years of her Kite Majesty Queen Anne, and also of the First of his late Majesty King George, to prevent several Frauds and Abides committed by the Makers and Dealers in the Woollen Manufactory; which were federally read: And then the Petitioners called,

Mr. Edmund Bothomley: Who being examined, said. That he knows and is very well acquainted with the Trade of the Woollen Manufactory, in the West Riding of the County of York;and that divers Frauds and Abuses

are committed by the Makers and Dealers there, in the Manufacturing of the narrow Woollen Cloths, occasioned by the stretching the said Cloths on Tenters, after the same is taken out of the Mill, which is a great Disadvantage and Prejudice to the fair Trader: And if Searchers and proper Officers were appointed by Law, to prosecute such fraudulent Traders, it will be a Means to prevent the said Frauds being committed.

That if any private Person should give any Information against such fraudulent Traders, in order to have them prosecuted, they would incur the Displeasure of the several Clothiers; and that he has often known the narrow Woollen Cloths stretched Two or Three Yards, and never any Prosecution carried on against any Person for the fame.

Upon the w hole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Bejolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Laws now in Force, relating to the narrow Woollen Cloths, are not sufficient to prevent the several Vot. 23.

Frauds and Abides' committed by the Makers and

> Buyers of fitch Clpths.

Hefolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill for the better regulating the Manufacture of narrow Woollen Cloths, in the West Riding of the County of

York.

The first Resolution, being read a Second time, was agreed to by the Houie,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better regulating the Manufacturbof narrow Woollen Cloths, in the West Kiding of the County of York:

And that Sir John Ramsden and Sir John Lifter Kaye, do prepare and bring in, the fame.

Sir Nathanael Curzon reported from the Committee 1£nc?h^"u(J£!h to whom-the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, e* a‘ Coachmen, Waggoners, Carriers, and others, whole Names are thereuoto fubleribed, usually travelling through, and living near, the Roads leading from the Town of Loughborough, in ;the County of to'

the Town of Dtrby, in the County of and from the said Town of Derby,to the Town of in

the said County of Derby, and also of the Aldermen,

Brethren, and Common-council Men, oflhe Borough of Derby; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Coachmen, Waggoners, Carriers; and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, usually travelling through, and living'near, the Roads leading from tl.e Town of Loughborough.in the County of I^eicejier,

to the Town of Derby,in the County of Derbn, and from the said Town of Derby to the Town of and from thence to Hurdlow, in the said County of Derby, were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions,.and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report iu his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petitions:

And, in order to prove the Allegations thereof,

LeekOkeuver Esquire and Francis H

called; who, being teverally examined, said. That they were acquainted with the Roads mentioned in the above Petitions, and that they knew them to be very deep and dangerous; having lately travelled through Part of them, and with great Difficulty escaped being hurt thereby.

They further said, That the Laws, as far as they could compel the Repairing of the said Roads, had been complied with; but that the same had been, found very ineffectual.

It appeared likewise-to the Committee, That by the Amendment oflhe said Roads, a Communication would be opened between the Counties ofand Chester; and the Counties of Derby, Leicester, and other adjacent Counties; which would be very beneficial to the Trade and Commerce of those Counties.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from Loughborough in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby; and from Derby, to the I own o and Bras-

fugton, in the County of Derby; and from thence to Hurdloe, in the County of Derby: And that Sir Nathanael, Curzon and the Lord Charles Cavendish do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Cholmondeley reported from the Committee to Prohibition whom the Petition of the Manufacturers of raw Silk, of Stufl' and Mohair Yarn, and of Needlework Buttons, and of ®utlon,» &c* the Traders and Dealers therein, whose Names are thereunto fubleribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Manufacturers, Traders, and Dealers, as aforesaid, in the several Towns of Macclesfield, Stockport, and Congleton, in the County of Chester, and Leek in the County of Stafford, and the Parts adjacent, in the several

Counties

j6 o° MartU. A. 1737.

Prohibition Counties of Chcfier, Stafford, and Derby, was referred, of Stuff That the Committee had examined thyp Matter of the Button*, &c. said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, in pursuance of the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof.

The Petitioners laid before the Committee an Act, pasted in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for employing the Manufacturers, and encouraging the Consumption of raw Silk and Mohair Yarn, by prohibiting the Wearing of Buttons and Buttonholes made of Cloth, Serge, or other Stuffs; which was read: Then the following Witnesses were called; viz.

Mr. John Clayton: Who, being examined, said. That he computes there are near Thirty thousand People, in the Places mentioned in the Petition, employed in Making of Silk and Mohair Yarn, and Thread Buttons, and Button-holes, with the Needle, and in preparing the Materials whereof such Buttons and Button holes are made; and that raw Silk and Mohair Yarn are the greatest Part of such Materials: That the said Manufacture hath, through the Encouragement from time to time given by Parliament, greatly increased; but, of late, is very much decayed: That it always afforded a great Supply and Relief to the numerous poor Families in the Places before-mentioned, and the Parts adjacent; and is the principal, and almoll only, Manufacture, whereby they are chiefly employed: And that some Sort of Buttons are made at so low a Price as an Halfpenny per Dozen, and not less than One thousand Pound per Week has been paid in the Places aforesaid, by the Traders, to the Button-makers, for the Working of such Materials, which are chiefly purchased from the Turkey Merchants.

Mr RichardDuhorty, being examined, said, That he

is a Trader betwixt the Merchants and the Manufacturers of raw Silk and Mohair Yarn, which are bought from the Italianand Turkey Merchants, and East India Company; but the Mohair Yarn from the Turkey Merchants only: He further said, That a great Deal of the Horse-hair, used in Making of Buttons, is imported from Flanders.

Mr. James Lock, and Mr. Henry March, being severally examined, said, That they import large Quantities of raw Silk and Mohair Yarn, and that the Woollen Manufactures, and other Merchandizes, the Produce of this Kingdom, are exported to Turkey, in Exchange for such raw SilkandMohair Yarn: ThatNine Parts in Ten of the Goods so exported are Woollen Manufactures: That the Factors and Dealers in London buy such raw Silk and Mohair Yarn from them, which, they believe, are sent to Macclesfield, Stockport, and Congleton, in the County of Chester, and Leek, in the County of Stafford.

They further said, That if there was a sufficient Demand for Mohair Yarn, and other Goods, the Produce of Turkey, they could fend consideraMe Quantities more of Woollen Cloths, and other the Manufactures of this Kingdom, in Exchange for the fame, but that the French export greater Quantities of their Woollen Manufactures to that Country, than the do.

Mr. Samuel Lankford, being examined, said. That there are different Sorts of Buttons, some wove and some covered with Stuff of different Sorts, some Mohair, some of Silk and Mohair, and some of Thread and Mohair, some of Horsehair, and some of Horfahair and Silk; That, of late; and at this Time, narrow Breadths'or Slips have been, and are foil, woven in a Loom, in the manner of Caniblets, Grograms, and other Stuffs, hut of a smaller Breadth; and that, under Colour thereof, as he Delieves, more Buttons are covered with Shreds of Cam-blets, Grograms, and other Stuffs, than.are really woven in such narrow Breadths; and that there is no knowing the Difference betwixt the Button covered with such *3

woven narrow Breadths or Slips, and those covered with the Shreds of Camblets, Grograms, and other Stuffs, without the Cutting of the Cover of the Button from the Mould; several Specimens whereof they produced to your Committee.

He further said. That he believes One Loom will weave as much as Eight or 10 Persons can work with . the Needle, in the same Time; and that they can em-

floy Six or Eight in the Needlework Way, at the same 'rice as One Weaver at the Loom: That working the Buttons in the Needle Way, is chiefly carried on by antient and decrepid Men and Women, and by Children, that are incapable of any other Labour: And that he has seen the Weavers of such narrow Breadths or Slips at Work in the Loom several Times, and never knew or heard of any more than One Breadth at a Time worked in a Loom; and that such Looms are like the Ribbon Looms.

Mr. Jonathan Gurnell, being examined, said. That he has dealt very considerably in the Mohair Yarn Trade, and has a Warehouse at Stockport; and that he made an Abstract from his Books, of the Quantity of Mohair Yarn bought by him, and sent to Stockport; since the Year 1730; which, on a Medium, for the first Five Years, 146 Sacks of Mohair Yarn per Annum, amounted to £. 7,786; but, for the lait Three Years, only 67 Sacks per Annum,amounting to£. 3,420; so that heap-preheads there is a great Diminution in the Confuinp-tion of Mohair Yarn; which is occasioned by the Grievances which the Manufacturers of Needlework Buttons complain of, and labour under.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the S venth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled.

An Act for employing the Manufacturers, and encouraging the Consumption, of raw Silk and Mohair Yarn, by prohibiting the wearing of Buttons and Buttonholes made of Cloth, Serge, or other Stuffs, and making the same more effectual: And that Mr.

Mr. Brere ton, the Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Cretoe, Mr.

Leveson Gower, Sir Walter Bugott, the Lord Charles Cavendish, Sir Nathanael Curzon, and the Lord James Cavendish, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Lock- RirerLe* wood, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir Hum. Monoux, Sir Jeremy Navigation, Sambrooke, Mr. Edward Gibbon, be added to the Com- &c* mittee to whom the Petition f the Mayor, Recorder,

Aldermen, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Hertford-, and of the Inhabitants of the Town of in the County of Hertford-, and of several Farmers, Maltfu-rs,

and Barge Owners, living in or near the said Towns, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and several Hundreds of other Persons, re-flding near to, and concerned in the Navigation on, the River Lea, running from Hertford to Ware, and from thenceto the River of Thames, near the City of London-, and of the Governor and Company of the New River, brought from Cha dwell, and Amwell,to Londonis referred,

Mr. Alderman WiUimott,according to Order, report- L;nen

ed from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Manufacture Merchants of the City of London, and other Dealers in

the Mantafacture of Linens, Threads, and Tapes, made in Great Britain and Ireland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee l>ad examined the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have,' in pursuance of the Order of the House, examined into the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition:

In which Examination the Evidence given before your Committee was, in order to shew the increase and Improvement, oflateYears, in the Manufacture of Linens,

Threads, and Tapes, in Great Britain and Ireland, and the

i't GiEd II.

the Benefits arising therefrom; and also how much further the said Manufactures may be extended,' wtiat Encouragement is necessary for that Pi^pose, and what will be the Consequence of such Exteufion.

In order to prove the Increase and Improvement of the said Manufactures of late Years,

Mr. Neil Buchannan of London, Merchant, trading to Virginia, beingexamined, said. That the Manufacture of Linen was greatly increased in all Parts of Scotland; and that, in the Northern Division of that, Kingdom, within these Eight Years, such Increpfe hath amounted to near Three times the Quantity of what the same was formerly: That One of the Species of Linens now made there, is called by the Name of Perth Linens; which Linens, in their Nature and Fabrick, are equal, in every respeCi, to Silejias, and their different Prices are, from

6a.to 14//! per Yard:

That there are likewifemanufacturedinthat Kingdom, Linens called Harns, which are proper for Cloathing of Negroes in the Plantations, and, are of different Sorts and Prices, from 4</. to 7 %dper Yard: That some Species of Linen, which formerly were fold in Scotland for 8$ a Yard, may npw be purchased in London for 7 J; particularly that which is called Three Quarters Check; a large Quantity whereof, the Witness said, he had bought 12 Months ago, for fess than Seven Pence a Yard: \

That the British Linens, now exported to the Plantations, are called by the Names of Hams. Three Quarters Check, Three Quarters White, Yard-broad \\ hite, made in Scotlandas also Lancashire Sheeting, Checks, Linen, Cotton, and coarse Cloths for Package:

rl hat the foreign Linens exported thither chiefly con-fill of divers Species, entered upon Importation, under the Denomination of narrow Germany wnA.Osnaburgh: That, during every Year tbq Examinant lived in land, fiuce the Year 1715, he said lie had exported to the Plantations Linens called Harns, which answered all the Purposes of those of OJ'nab, but what Quantity annually he could not afcprtain; except only that in One small Cargo, of about /. 900 Value, there was 10,000 Yards: That every Cargo which he exported to Virginia contained large ParceLs of British Cloths, of several Species and Prices, from 10 d. to 7 per Yard, to answer the Purposes of w bite, broad, and narrow German Linens, and Dutch Hollands; and that, during the Five, Years the Witness lived in Virginia as a' Supercargo, he said, that what Linens he had then chiefly to dispose of werp /British, and that he always found it necessary to have Aflortments of them:

That the last Year the Witness exported to the Plantations 20,000 Yards of several Species of the said Linens for the Use of Persons of different Rank; but that neither these, nor what he exported during the Seven Years he lived in London, did, m every respect, answer the Purposes of thp Ofnqbu^gh Linens; for which Reason, thegreateft Share of his Exports was always of the latter Sort; and, excepting them, ,he said he had sent more of the British and Irish, than any other of the Species of foreign Linens; but that he believed ho Person in London, besides himself, had done the like:

- That the Merchants residing in the Northern Ports of the Kingdom, particularly JLiverpoole, Whitehaven, and Glasgow,do assort iheir Cargoes for the Plantations, as much as they can, with Home-made Linens: and the Examinant said he hath bought, and ha'd Orders to buy, piany Cargoes entirely of such; but, as there are nojt Quantities of it, sufficient to answer the Plan tat ipp Demand, for that Reason the O/naburgh Linens are sent thither. ' ‘ t;

He added, That lie exported, In all his Cargoes* Lan~ cashire Sheeting, Checks, and Fuilians; which Checks pjre, for the most Part, made of Linen and Cotton Yarn mixed, and are different from those made in Scotland -f and that it is necessary for every Merchant, who forts a ^ariijq of German Linens for the Plantations, to have those Goods among them:

Voi;. *3.

And he said, Lhat the Linens, with which the Negroes in the Plantations are cloathed, consist, for the moll part, of what are called Ofnabivrghs; but that* Wherever the Scots Harns are known, they are, though dearer, as vendible as the former; their Goodness in We ir being equivalent to the Advance in their Price; and that whatever Linens were exported thither by the Witness, were fold among' such as had before experienced their Duration,' who, for that Reaion, gaye them the Preference.

Being aflced, what Proportion the British and Irish Linens might bear, to the whole Quantity exported to the Plantations;

His Answer was. That the British Linen, when entered for Exportation, is not entered by the Number of Ells or Yards, but by the Number of Pieces; which, being of various Lengths, mull render the Computation uncertain; but he apprehended it mull be greatly above a 20th Part.

He said further, That the annual Value of the Importation of foreign Linens amounted to Two Millions Sterling: and that the Prices of all Linens, from the Quantities Brought to Market, except what is called Crocus’s, used for Bags in the Exportation of Corn, have been reduced, within these Eight Years, 10 per Cent, which hath created an annual Saving to the Nation of 200,000 Pounds; besides the Advantage arising from the employing Numbers of our Poor.

The Evidence of Mr. Buchannan, so far as it related to the Increase of the Linen Manufacture in Scotland, and the Reduction the Prices of all. Linens in general, was confirmed by Mr. Alexander Merchant,

trading to the Plantations; who, in his Examination, added further.

That theforeign Linens, called Ofnaburglis, are chiefly uled in the Plantations for Cloathing of Negroes, and, by the lower Sort of white People, for Jackets and Breeches; but that he had seen, among several Stores in Jamaica and Barbadoes, Linens called Scotch Harns, and other coarse brown Cloths, which answered the same Purposes.

Mr. Claud Johnson, Merchant in London, dealing in British Linens, being examined, said. That he had been acquainted with that Manufacture in Great Britain 40 Years, in which Time it had increased to near Six Times the Quantity, and the Home Consumption about One Half: That moll of the Counties in England, on the North Side of Trent, make coarse Linens for their own Use, and for ,the poorer Sort of People; of which there are some of the Quality of th t O; and Parcels of them have been exported to the Plantations for the same Purposes: That Threads are now made in Scotland from 16 d.a Pound to upwards of 10 an Ounce; some of the fine Species whereof have been but lately introduced into that Manufacture; and that the coarsest Sorts have increased at least Ten times the Quantity within these Forty Years; and as to the Reduction in the Price of these Commodities within that Time, he said. That the checked and ilriped Linens have fell near 40 per Cent, white and brown Linens 30 per Cent, and coarse Threads about 18 or 20 per Cent.

He added further, That there are some Linens now made in Scotland equal in Goodness to Silejias, and others of the Species of the checked and Ilriped Linens formerly imported from Holland, and coarse brown Cloths for Buckrams, and Yard-Broad Silejias, imported formerly from Hamborough, the making whereof hath caused the Importation of these foreign Linens to cease; and the different Prices of the coarse brown Cloths are from to 10 d,per Yard, Yard-broad:

That lie hath been concerned in exporting to Virginia Linens of the British Manufacture, with which, in 1 707, he fitted out the first Cargo after the Union that was lent to Virginia from Scotland-, and that. Two Years agq, he sent a Cargo, t^y Commission, to the Plantations, in which there were Assortments of foreign Linens.

Mr. John Marriott,"Thread-maker, in Manchester^be-

ing examined, said, That the Manufacture of Thread, in

X the

9P Mdftii.

Lltttti

Manufacture,

78 9*

the County of Lancaster, is increased to above double the Quantity, within these 24 Years:

That he makes his Thread chiefly of Yarn,

and some of Yarn Home-spun; but that the Yarn makes the whitest Thread:

That that, which is called the whitest Brown, is made of Hambrough and Holland Yarn: neither nor Irish being so suitable to the Purpose: And the Sorts he chiefly makes are of Degrees progreflfively numbered, from 20 to 50; and the lowed and highest Prices are from 22 Pence per Pound to 4s.

That he fells of these Threads for Exportation to the Plantations; and that very little, if any, of the foreign Thread imported, especiafly of the whited Brown, is consumed at home,but re-exported thither: That some Sorts, which he makes, go by the Name of Dutch Threads, and are liked the better upon that account; but that there is a Quantity consumed here, of a foreign Sort, called Guelders Thread.

This Evidence of Mr. Marriott's, with relation to the Increase and Exportation of Threads, was confirmed by Mr! Charles Worral, Dealer in Goods; who,

in his Examination, extended it likewise to the Manufactures of wrought Incles and Tapes.

Mr. Wm. Dover, Merchant and Dealer in Irish Linens, said. That the Quantity of Linens, made in Ireland,\\aXh annually increased, of late, about a Million of Yards; and, atpresent,the Increase is in the fineSort: That, Twenty Years ago, there was no Valuable Quantity of that Sort imported hither from thence above 2 s.a Yard; but now, there are exported large Quantities, to a great Value: and that., by the Favour of the Duty on foreign Linens, that Nation hath been able to undersell the Dutch in low-priced Linens of 3 and 3*. 6d. an Ell; '

That the Value of the Manufacture, now made, amounts to One Million Sterling; and the Reduction in the Prices, within the last 15 Years, hath been 75 Cent, and, within Seven or Eight Years, 10 per Cent.: That at Drogheda, Quantities of brown coarse Linens

are made of Three Quarters Breadth, and to the Value of about £. 10,000 a Year, proper for Cloathing of Negroes; the Prices whereof are from to a Yard, and about a Yard on an Average: That Part of these Linens are consumed at home, by the poorer Sort of People, and the rest have been exported to -poole; and from thence, as the Witness hath been in-foriped, to the West Indies,

Mr. James lluey, of London, Merchant, dealing in Irish Linens, said, That he had been concerned in the Linen Trade 25 Years; in which time the Export of Linens from Ireland hath increased to Ten times their former Value: and the Manufacture hath been as much improved in the Fabrick and Colour of all its Species, as it hath arisen in Quantity:

That he is acquainted with the narrow Germany dnd OJnaburgh Linens, sent to the Plantations; and, upon Inquiry, hath found, that several Species of Cloths are made in Ireland,to answer the Purposes of all the foreign

Linens, except Silejias, and as good, or better, in Qua-

lity:

That there are Linens made at Drogheda, to a considerable annual Amount, of the same Width and Fabrick of the narrow Germany and Ofnaburghs; Part of which are exported to Liverpoole and Whitehaven, and, by the Merchants there, re-exported to the Plantations, instead of Ofnaburghs.

Being a iked the Reason, Why those Linens were exported from those Parts, and not from London I The Reason he said was, Because he apprehended, the Merchants there have not any immediate Trade with Hamboro', and do not import any OJnaburgh Linens from thence; and the Charge of bringing them to the said Ports, doth so much enhance the Price, that those Merchants rather choose to take Irish Cloths, at the Prices they can be afforded at:

That the Linens, Three Quarters wide, made in ini-

A. 1737.

tation of Ofnaburghs, are now fold from per Ell,

to 8| d.

Mr. Wm. Adair, Merchant, in London, dealing in Linen, gave the same Evidence with Mr. Huey, as to the Increase of that Manufacture in Ireland-, the Species of Linen made at Drogheda, of the Quality of Ofnaburghs; and as to the Exportation of that Species to the Northern Ports of this Kingdom.

Mr. Thomas Armstrong, Merchant, in Dublin, and Exporter of Irish Linens, said, That the Value of that

Sort, that is made at and about Drogheda, of the Quality of the OJnaburgh and narrow Germany, amounts to between 10 and £. 14,000 per Annum -, of which there is exported, from Dublin to Liverpoole, to the Value of about £. 3,000; and One-third of that Value by the Witness himself: That a considerable Part of this Quantity is sent from Liverpoole to the Plantations, and the different Prices it is sold at are from 3 to yd. a Yard.

Being asked, What might be the Amount of the In-crease of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland the last Year?

He said. The Accounts thereof would not be made up till March; but that, in the Year 1736, it increased to the amount of about £. 50,000.

The Petitioners then proceeded to shew how much further the said Manufactures are capable of being extended in Britain and Ireland, with proper Encouragement; and what Advantage would arise from it:

But, in order to explain this, your Committee think it proper to state to the House the several Duties now payable upon foreign Linens imported, and the Drawbacks allowed upon Exportation thereof.

There was granted by the Act of Tonnage and Poundage, passed in the 12th Year of King Charles the Second, and continued by several subsequent Acts, a Subsidy of all Goods and Merchandize imported, of the Value of every 20.V. of the same (according as they are rated and valued in the Book of Rates, to which that Act refers). Twelve Pence, and so after that Rate.

And in that Book, Linen, called and Sitejia

Cloth, broad, white or brown, is rated, the Hundred Ells, containing Six Score, at £. xo os. o; Linen, called Hamboro' Cloth, narrow, is rated, the hundred Ells, containing Six Score, at £. 8 os. o and Linens, called Ozenbrighs, the Roll, containing 1,500 Ells, at FiveScore to the Hundred, at £.60: And such of these Linens as were not above Three Quarters and ah Half broad, were to be accounted narrow Linens; and all above that Breadth Were to be accounted broad; and to pay accordingly:

And the Rates there affixed, upon Incle unwrought, this Pound, is zs. 6d.; Incle wrought,theDozenPound, £.8;

Incle Rolls, the Dozen Pieces, containing 36 Yards, £. & os. od.-. Thread, whited-brown, the Dozen Pound, £. 4 os. od.; Raw Linen, Dutch Yarn, the Pound, £.0 1 s. od.: Aud One Moiety of the Subsidies, so to be paid

upon each and every of the said Goods imported, was al j lowed as a Drawback upon Exportation of any of them.

By an Act, passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, afurther Subsidy was granted, and by subsequent Acts continued, upon all Goods and Merchandize imported; to be rated according to the former Rates: And a Drawback of the whole Subsidy was to be allowed upon Exportation of* any of the Goods before enumerated.

By an Act, passed in the 2d and 3d Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, an additional Subsidy was granted, of One-third Part of the several and respective Duties by the said former Acts imposed, or either of thetrt; which Duties have been since made perpetual: And wherp any Drawbacks were made of the whole, or any Part of the said Duties, a proportionable Drawback was to be allowed, by that Act, of the whole Duties thereby granted.

By another A ft, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, certain Impositions were granted, and have been since continued, upon act Linen imported, other than Cloth made'in the Spanijn

Nether-

t

11 Geo. II. 9’ Martii.

Netherlands, or the United Pnot exceeding an Ell English and Half Quarter in Breadth, of One Moiety above what is imposed on the same in the Book of Rates; and for all other Linen Cloth, of the Manufacture of the Spanish Netherlands, or of the United

different Rates, in proportion to what they exceed in their different Breadths:

And a Drawback of the whole Duty was to be allowed on Exportation of any of the said Goods.

And, by a Clause in an Act, passed in the 7th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, the different Times, before that Act, given for the Receipt of the several Drawbacks, allowed as aforesaid, were enlarged to the Space of Three Years.

And in the additional Book of Rates, established by an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, the Duty upon Tape imported, is rated, the Dozen Pieces, at 2s.6 d.

And Mr. Buckannan, being examined in relation to this Matter, said. That the Ojnaburgh Linen pays, upon Importation, 13$. 4 d.upon every Hundred Ells; and the narrow Germany pays the fame, only that the Hundred contains Six Score, which lessens the Duty 20 per Cent.; lor which Reason few , under that

Denomination, are entered inwards; and that, under the Denomination of narrow Germany, no Distinction is made in the Entry between the white and the brown: That the Drawbacks upon Exportation of foreign Cloths in general, on an Average, are about 10 per Cent, and on the brown Sorts about 14 per Cent, j which comes to about 1 fd. per Ell:

That the Prices for Linen used for Cloathing the Negroes, as bought for Exportation here, with the Drawbacks taken off, are, from 5 J to 7 an Ell, and may be reckoned 7 dper Ell upon an Average in general; which is at the Rate of 8*d. for Home Consumption: That, with the Allowance of this Drawback, foreign brown Linens are fold, in the Plantations, between 6 and £.j. per Cent, cheaper than the British or Irish.

And that, without this Drawback, British and Irish Linens would be then fold, near Six per Cent, cheaper than the foreign: And he said, Th'at, with proper Encouragement, sufficient Quantities of Linen might be made in Great Britain and Ireland, in a fewYears time, for the Service of the Plantations, in lieu of the coarse Germany, now used there; and that, he apprehended, if the Drawback was discontinued, 19 Parts in 20 of the Cloth sent to the Plantations would be British and Irish: That, in Scotland, Plenty of Yarn may be spun, proper for making Goods of the Species of brown Linens, for the Plantations, of the same Nature of that which is now made up into Harns and Buckrams; there being great Plenty of Flax and Tow, and great Numbers of Spinners, to spin it into Yarn, who are capable of spinning any fort they fee; That the Reason, why they do ' not make the coarse Sorts, is, because that the Drawbacks of i-f d.perEll, allowed on foreign Linens, causes them to be sold cheaper: And that those Goods are chiefly fit for the Wear of Negroes, and not for Consumption in England:

That, as to the Benefits which would accrue from further extending the Linen Manufacture, he said, That Great Britain and Ireland would, by that means, be able, in time, to supply our Home Consumption, and that of the British Plantat ions, and to undersell the and

French, with respect to their Linens, in foreign Markets;

Being alked, In how long a time this Manufacture could arrive to such a Maturity, as to undersell foreign Linens in the Plantations, he said. He apprehended, in a Year, or a little longer; and that he was confirmed in his Opinion from what had happened formerly, in an Instance which he related to be as follows:

That, about the 10th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, a Duty was laid upon checked, striped, and other Linens imported, and the coarse bi own German Cloth, used for Buckrams and filleting*, were adjudged liable to that Duty; upon which a Manufacture was fct up in Vot. 23.

Scotland, of such a Sort of Cloth, and great Quantities Liiwn were made; insomuch that though, upon Application to Manufacture. Parliament in One or Two Years after, the Duty upon that Species of foreign Cloths was taken off, yet the Peo- , pie in Scotland made so great a Proficiency in their Manufacture, that they have continued it ever lince, and the Germans could never regain that Trade; and he doubted not, but that their success would be the same with regard to the Ojnaburgh Linens.

He was alked. Whether an Increase in One Branch of these Manufactures must not occasion a Decrease in some other

He said. He did not apprehend it would; because there were great Numbers of Hands sufficient to carry it on, who are now unemployed: On the contrary, he thought it would prove an Encouragement to increase the Whole; and his Reason for thinking fowas, because; that then the Weaver, who had Yarn by him, could fell his coarse brown Cloths at Market in Two or Three Weeks, and, by that means, be enabled to keep his fine Cloth on Hand, till the proper Season of the Year for Bleaching: And that, if the presentDrawback was taken off, Persons of Fortune, both in Great Britain and Ireland, would then set up Manufactures of coarse Linens; fit for the Purposes of the Plantations: And he added.

That had foreign Linens, Ten Years ago, beeu imported Duty-free, neither the British or Irish Linens, as he apprehends, would have had any Vent at London Market; nor would there, in that Cafe, have been any Linen Manufacture in Great Britain.

He was then alked. If this Drawback was taken off, how far it might affect the Plantations?

Heanswered, That it might perhaps increase the Price of Linen a little at first; but that it would be such an Encouragement towards the making those Species, that, in Twelve Months time, they would be as cheap, if not cheaper, than ever; and that, as Linens had fallen 10 Cent, within these EightYears, and the Drawback, on an Average upon the whole, was 10 per Cent, they would not be dearer in the Plantations now, supposing the Draw* back taken off, than they were Seven or EightYears ago.

Being alked. To what Value the Linen consumed by a Negro amounted to in One Year; and what would be the Advance of the Price of his Clothing in that time, supposing the Drawback was taken off

He said, That a Negro might consume One or Two Shirts, of about 2 or 3*. Value: But that in many of the Plantations, particularly in the Islands, they are allowed little or no Linen, except those employed in Houses; for that such as labour in the Fields are cloathed with Kendall Cottons, and Woollen Goods:

That in Virginia and Maryland, where the Witness some time resided, the Negroes, who work abroad, wear little Linen, by reason of the Necessity there is of keeping them warm in the WinterSeafon; which makes them choose to have Woollen Cloaths next their Skin, rather than Linen: That their Waistcoats and Hose are thick Welsh or Kendall Cottons, and their Coats coarse Cloths:

And he said. He believed it would have been an Advantage to the Woollen Manufacture, had coarse Linen been dearer, and the Negroes cloathed with Woollen Goods only: That he computed, that Three Yards of the Ojnaburgh Linen is more than sufficient to make One Shirt for a Negro; and that the Advance in the Price of the Cloathing of each, upon a Medium of the W hole, would amount to about 3d. a Head.

Being examined, as to the Quantities of the Ojnaburgh Linens consumed at home;

He said, That he believed the Consumption of the brown Germany was very little; but that of the white

Sort might be near Five Parts in Six of what is imported: That in the Course of his own Business, Five Parts in Six of the Fort ign Linen he exports is brown: And he hath observed, upon the Inspection of Accounts relating to that Matter, That not a Sixth Part of the German Linens imported has been exported to the Plantations.

Mr.

So

9* Mar

A1737.

Linen

JUmii'a&ure.

Mr. Dundafs gave the same Evidence with Mr .-Bit- manufactured at home would then be fold, for Exporta* charman, so far as related to the Practicability of iu* tiou: That he hath had a Stock of whited-bpown

creating the Manufacture of coarse Linens in Scotland, and as to what Kind of Cloathing the Negroes wear in the Plantations.

Being asked. How much the taking off the Drawback would advance the Price of the Cloathing of each Negro in One Year ? he said, He conceived, that, for such as are allowed Linen, it might amount to about Six Pence a Head: And the Reason the Witness gave for fixing it at that Sum was, because their Frocks and Breeches very rarely take more than Three or Four Yards; and they seldom are allowed Two Suits in a Year.

Being further examined, Whether the taking off the Drawback would notleffen the Quantity of Linen brought to Market, and so raise the Price, or occasion a Want of Hands in some other Branch of the said Manufacture P

He said. That before the Quantity in the Hands of the Manufacturers was consumed, enough might be had, in Britain and Ireland,to supply those Wants, at about

Threads by him these Two Years; the Merchants not taking it to fend abroad, by reason of the Drawback on Dutch Threads:

That Hamboro' Thread is allowed a Drawback upon Exportation of about gd. a Pound; but none is allowed on any foreign Yarn manufactured into Threads within this Kingdom.

Mr. Bucharman likewise laid. That he exported foreign Incles, Threads, and Tapes, in all his Cargoes to the Plantations.

Mr. William Dover gave Evidence, That he had travelled through Three of the Four Provinces in Ireland: That the Number of the Inhabitants in that Kingdom were computed at Two Millions, and those employed in the Linen Manufacture do not exceed 250,000 s from whence he inferred. That, besides a considerable Number employed in the Manufacture of Woollen Goods, and otherwise. One-third Part of the.Inhabitants have the jirefent Price, without regarding what was imported no Employment whatever; of whose Misery, he said, from Abroad; there being in Great Britain and Ireland, he had been Eye-witness:

Numbers of Hands that are unemployed. That there are great Tracts of Lapd in Ireland, of a

Mr. Claud John/on said. That the Manufacture of Soil proper for producing Flax; most of which is now Threads, as well as of Linens, was capable of being fur- grazed and fed by. Cattle and Sheep: ther extended, and would be increased by taking off the That he apprehends, that in about Two Years time,

present Drawbacks; which would employ a great Num- sufficient Quantities of Linen might be made in Great ber of Hands now unemployed, and be an Inducement Britain and Ireland, to supply the Use of the Planta-to the Making of coarse Linens in Scotland, fit for the tions:

Service of the Plantations: That great Quantities of That great Store of Yarn . is spun in Ireland, Part Yarn are spun in Scotland, fit for OfiiaburghUinens-, they whereof is exported from thence to and Li-

being capable there of {pinning any sort of Yam re- to the Value of £.120,000 which,

quired; and not only there, but in a Hundred Places in England.

' And he gave the same Account with Mr. Bitchannan, with relation to the Incident which gave rife so the Manufacture in that Kingdom, of brown Linens for Buck-rassis and Tilletings. - Mr. Samuel Gower, Maker of Sail-cloth, in Goodman's Fields, being examined, said, That he is acquainted with the foreign Linens, called Of: That Linen of that Species may be manufactured in England in all the Sea-ports and Inland Towns where Sail-cloth is made: And that, since the Passing of the Two last Acts of Par -

ifit were to be wrought, up into, coarse Linens, would furnish a Quantity sufficient for the Demand of the Plantations; but that Yarn, of the same Quality, is now wrought up into brown Sheeting Yard-half-quarter wideband into brown Linen-vof other Breadths, which have been exported: to the Plantations:

That coarse Goods are the properest to introduce any Manufacture in its Infancy; And,: if proper Encouragement wasgiven, the Poor of Ireland might be employ r ed, and; be able to supply the Colonies abroad with coarse Linens; and, morei especiallyas thp Woollen Manufacture in that Kingdom is diicouraged, and that

liament, for the Encouragement of the Manufacture of of the Linen left free from , any Incumbrance:

Sail-cloth, the Prices thereof, both English and foreign, L-----"-----1----- r

is reduced 10 per Cent.

That there are great Quantities of Lioen, called venduck, and narrow Germany,imported; which is made

use of for Sail-cloth; and, if entered as such, would be obliged to pay. a'Duty of£. 1. -js. 1 id. the Bolt; but being entered as Linen, it pays only 13J. 4 d.

That it will be.a? profitable ,to make coarse Linens, if encouraged, as it.is to; make fine; and.also be a means to decrease the Woofien Manufacture there.

He ivasalked, How much the Pric/s>of brown coarse Linens had arisen, within the,lad 12 Months

He said, That, abotit 12 Months, ago, the Weavers being almost ruined by the Lowness of the Prige,declined

Mr. NeilBuchannan, being examined as to German making any great Quantity,; which pqcafioning a Scar-

Linens being made use of for Sail-cloth, said,

; That Quantities are used in the Rigging of British Ships, and large Quantities are exported to the Plantations, to be used for Sails in Ships, Boats, and Sloops, and Are exported with that Intention, and for no other Use: That the Witness hath had Commissions from the Plantations to buy that Cloth, for the Use of Shipping; and that he had sent some on his own Account:

' That he buys these Cloths for Sails, which are entered as Linen, for about 10 d.or a Yard, free aboard;

and some of the Nature of Tand such-like Sorts, for about 8f d.an Ell:

That he never brought any Ravedfduck; but he hath bought Ravenjburgh Linen to be used for Sails; which Linen wifi receive a Drawback on Exportation.1 - Mr. Charles Worral said, That if the Draw back'upo A Threads and Tapes was taken off, it would , occasion greater Quantities to be exported; and that there are Numbers of Hands sufficient to make any Quantity demanded: And, he apprehends, that if more Hands were Employed, it would rather ciilife a Decrease, thiafi art Indicate of the Pricd. 1..

Mr. Marriott said. That if no Drawback WAsiAllowed upon foreign Threads, greater Quantities of the Threads 24

city, advanced the.Price in that time. about Fourpcr Cent. but. that other Linens are; not risen, upon an Average, One per Cent. ... ,;

Mr. Huey said, That the Drawbapk upon foreignLinenp

exported amounted to about °u an Average;

That that which was entered;AS narrow Gqrmpny, paid rojSi dd. 44 every 12,0 Ells, and is, at leafi, fojd, on an Average, at 7f..an Ell;. the Duty^of which Specie,s comes to £.17. 12s. fjdJfter, Cent. \ v\pd the Drawback is about £.1 5. 2 fy6d: That- the Reason of the Duties

being higher oh this Species of Linens, is from the Low-ness of the Price, it. paying. equal with Linen of that Breadth of double this Value:

That, if this Drawback. was taken oft it would give great Encouragement to the Exportation of the coarse Linens, made'in Ireland; because all the unskilled qnd unemployed Hands might be. taken into it $ and they

must begin with the coarse Sort of Spinning;

That the making thofeLinens, he apprehended, would be the gveateftEncouragement that could, be given to the whdfeManufacture; and would.be aNurfery to introduqe info it Hands both old and young, which ape now u Chiefs; and, as those Hands grew perfect in Spinning, thejir Improvement would make room for others to come in;

and.

11 Geo. II. 90 Marin. 81

t*od, in a few Years, with.this Encouragement, would entirely pursue the Linen Manufactures; but without it, it is impodible they should:

That several Hundred thousand Hands, capable of carrying on this Manufacture, are now unemployed, and live in extreme Poverty.

That there are Quantities of Yarn now spun in Ireland, lit toniake Linens in the Nature of which is worked up into Sheeting, Yard Half-quarter and Ell wide; whereof such large Quantities have been imported into England, that, although no Country interferes with Ireland in that Species, yet the Markets have been so over-stocked, as to reduce the Price so low, that it almofit ruined the Manufacturers: And the Witness said. That, in his Warehouse, Quantities of that Commodity, to the Amount of between and 5,ooood Pound, have lain unfold for Three Years; though he had Orders to fell it at any Price it would bring, even at a great Loss to the Proprietors.

Being examined, as to the increase in the Prices of those. coarse Linens last Year; he said, That by reason of the Lowness of the Price, the Making of them had been discontinued; and that a coarse Species of them being fold off lately, the Quantity imported was not sufficient to answer the Demand-, which had therefore raised the Price Four per Centbut that it would fall agaiu as

soon as the Demand was known.

He was then a/ked, If the Price of that Linen, of the Specie of Osnaburgh, had not risen within these Six Mouths?

He said. That it had not rose One Eighth per Cent.: That it. was fold from 4 \d.to 8 an Ell, Three-quarters wide: That lie, very lately, had /hewn Samples of it to several wholesale Drapers; who allowed it would do for the Cloathing of Negroes: And the Examinant offered to contract, at that Price, for any Quantity demanded, on his being allowed a reasonableTime for the Delivery; he having no Stock at present by him:

That the highest. and lowell Price of brown Sheeting, Yard Half-quarter wide, is from per Yard to 11 and that he himselfhad fold of it, to the Value of several Thousand Pounds, at 7 \d.per Yard; and had seen several Bales of those Sheetings, when whitened, fold in London at id. per Yard.

Being a/ked. If the Reason, that the coarse Sheeting remained on hand, was not owing to its being made of a worse Quality than formerly

He said. That some Part was made worse, to answer the Price the Di apers would give; but that large Quantities were imported of the best Fabrick that ever was made; and that all the inferior Part was fold.

Upon his being a/ked, if he could give a Reason, why Osnaburgh Linens, charged with the Duty, were fold for Home consumption, preferable to Linens of the same Quality?

He said, it was because those Linens had Two Markets; and such as would notfuitthe Home Consumption, might he exported, and allowed the Drawback; and that, he apprehended, Seven Parts in Eight of the Osnaburgh Linens imported, were again exported; and the Drawback upon these Species being higher, in proportion to their Value, than what is allowed on any other Sort of Hamboro' Goods, therefore, if any Quantity of the same Sort of Goods was to be made in Ireland, they miuft be exported, under the Discouragement of that Drawback; but that, be apprehended, the Irish Linens are cheaper than the foreign for Home Consumption; he having been informed, by several retail Drapers, that they get greater Profit by the Sale of them, than ’ Linens.

He was then a/ked, Why the Preference was given to foreign Linens, when Irish Linens are cheaper

To which he answered. That there were several Gentlemen, and Men of Fortune, in , wholesale Dra-

pers, wiio ever did, and ever will, discourage the Sale of our Home Manufactures of Linens; because it is their undoubted Interest so to do: That foreign Linens, being made up in large Package, and Variety of Sortments, Vol. 23.

cannot be easily parted by the Importer, without making the Remainer unfaleable; and, as the Quantities are too large to be bought by any but themselves, they, by being the Purchasers of those large Cargoes, have the Custom of the retail Drapers in London, and the Shopkeepers all over England, for those foreign Goods:

That the British and Irish Manufactures are not made up in this maimer, therefore may be fold in small Quantities by the Importer, without Prejudice to the Sale of the Remainder; so that the wholesale Drapers do not purchase those Manufactures in any Quantities proportionable to what they purchase of the foreign; and they do not scruple to say That they tnuft discourage the one, and promote the other, as much as lies in their Power; for that, /hould the Home-made Linens be in as great Demand as the foreign, the Consequence would be the Loss of their Trade, by reason their Customers would be supplied by the Importer, fts cheap as themselves.

He added farther, That it was for this Reason, that the Sale of the British and Irish Linens were confined chiefly to so narrow a Compass as the retail Drapers in London; and to this Cause it is owing, that a largerStock of Home-made Linens remains on hand, than bath been known before, some having lain unfold Three or Four Years.

Mr. Adair said. That, in Great Britain and sufficient Quantities of Linens, equal to Ofnaburghs, might, with proper Encouragement, be made in a Year or Two’s time, to serve the Uses of the Plantations: That many Persons would then set up the Manufactures of those Linens: And the Witness said. He should hio self undertake to have them made:

That there are Quantities of Yarn spun in Ireland, fit to make Linens to answer the Purpose of those called Crocuses-, and that there are Linens of that Sort made, as well as of Ofnaburghs iand that, in Two Years time,

there might be had Yarn in Ireland sufficient to make Linens to Supply the Plantations; there being large Quantities now spun, and made into Sheeting:

That Encouragement is more necessary to this Branch of the Linen Manufacture than any other, it being the properest to Employ Learners; but, as there is no great Consumption of coarse Linens in , in proportion

to what is exported, there is not the same Encouragement for bringing them to; because no Buyer

will give the same Prices for Linens which cannot be exported, as they will for those they have Two Markets for; and, from this Cause, a Detriment arises to the Home Consumption of other British and Irish Linens:

That he knows but One Merchant Importer, who deals in foreign Linens, that imports any considerable Quantity of Irish; but that there are some few Lineu Drapers, who import Irish Linens as well as foreign.

Being a/ked, if great Quantities of Flax is not annually imported into Ireland He said. There was very little, except in those Years when their own Crops proved Bad: That the foreign Flax was chiefly imported from London; and was, he believed, the Produce of the

East Country: That the Irish Flax is generally the most proper for fine Linen; but that, in all Flax, there is some Part that is coarse; and the Prices of such as is imported vary, according to the Goodness of their own Crops; and that their own Flax is sometimes fold cheaper than any foreign can be imported.

Mr. Armjtrong said, That, of late Years, many Protestant Schools are instituted in several Parts of That the Boys are chiefly trained up in the Cultivation of Land, and the Girls in preparing Flax, and spinning Yarn, proper for the Goods now wrought up into Sheeting: That the Trustees for the Linen Manufactory of Ireland annually distribute Flax feed, and Uteufils made use of in spinning Yarn and Weaving of Linen, to the Value of some Thousand Pounds, by way of Encouragement; and, by means of that A Alliance, the Manufacture is extending into several of the Southern Provinces, which heretofore was carried on in the Northern Provinces only:

Y That,

Linen

Mauufa&are.

8 a ' 9® — 10° Mar Hi. A. 1737.

Supply.

That, he believes, sufficient Quantities of coarse Linen might be made in Irelandto serve the Plantations, in TwoYears time, several Hundred thousand People being now unemployed in that Kingdom; and many Hands, which are now employed in the Woollen Manufacture, might be then introduced into that of the Linen:

That he believed a coarser Linen than the Osnaburgh might be made in Ireland, to send to the Plantations, to be used as Bags for Cotton and Ginger, such Linen being not made in that Kingdom, for their own Package, as i{d. per Yard, Three-quarters wide, and 3 per Yard, Yard-wide.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

night, resolve itfelfintoa Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Ordered, That the several Petitions presented to this House, relating to the said Manufacture, which were ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Report was received, be referred to the said Committee.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the $um of One Million be granted to his Majesty, for redeeming a proportional Part of the Annuity payable to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in respect of the Sum of One million Five hundred thousand Pounds, Residue of the Sum of Twfo millions, due to them in lieu of certain Exchequer Bills, issued before the 25th of December 1716, and delivered up by them, to be cancelled, pursuant to Act of Parliament, and charged on the Aggregate Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Two hundred and Thirty-two Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties at Christmas 736; pursuant to a Clause in an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fourth Year of his Majesty’sReign, for raising One million Two hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, and a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1731-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum, paid out of the same to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Englaor One Year and an Half’s Interest, due on or before the 8th Day of ber 1737; being after the Rate of Four Pounds on the principal Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by them lent, on the Credit of the Salt Duties, towards the Supply of the Year 1735; pursuant to a Clause in an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt and white Herrings, for the further Term of Four Years.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards settling the Colony of Georgia, in America.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Four thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, tow'ards the repairing and finishing the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards the Rebuilding of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1738.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second

time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Westminster resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Bndgt. consider of the Petition of the Commissioners for building a Bridge from the City of Westm, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey; and also the Petition of the Deputy Steward, Chief Burgess, Burgesses, their Assistants, and the antient and principal trading Inhabitants, of the City and Liberty of Westminster; and also the Petition of the Freeholders and principal Inhabitants of the Parishes of St. John the St.

George, Hanover Square, St. James, and St. 1,

in the City of Westmivjler;

Ordered, That the Account of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, be referred to the said Committee. 1

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Sundon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. '

The Lord Sundon reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Inrolment Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the of Papist* whole House, upon the Bill for allow ing further Time a,u* for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills, made by Papists; 1 and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 10° die Marlii;

Anno 11* Georgii II" Regis, 173 7.

Prayer s.

MR. Robert Hucksreported from the Committee, to Marshall'* whom the Petition of the present Trustees under Foundation the laftW ill and Testament of John Marftiall Gentleman, °* deceased, Founder of the Parish Church of Christ Church, in the County of Surry, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee have, in pursuance of the Order of the House, taken the said Petition into Consideration:

And, to prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The Petitioners produced the Inrolment of a Decree, made by certain Commissioners, appointed by virtue of a Commission issued out of the High Court of Chancery, in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, pursuant to the Statute of the 43d Year of the 1 Reign of Queen Elizabeth, relating to the Misapplication of Charities; whereby your Committee find, that the 1 said John Marshall, by his Will, dated the 21st Day of August, 1627, devised divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Will mentioned, to Trustees" therein named, and their Heirs, upon Trull, that they, -among other Bequests, should thereout raise^.700, and 1 therewith build anew Church, and purchase a convenient

Church-

11 Geo. II.

i o° Martii.

83

Church-yard; and that the Charges of procuring an Act than £ 33 Annum have been, or could be raised:

of Parliament, or the royal Licence, or what else necef- That, in the Year 1725, there was an Arrear of £. 145

fary, for the better effecting thereof, should be defrayed due to the said Rector; and that the said Trustees were

out of the Profits of the Premises; and after Confecra- directed, out of the Rents and Profits of the Lands, and

tion of the said Church, provide a Minister to be placed the Interest in their Hands, and the Profits of the Rec-

in the said Church, from time to time, and pay him tories impropriate, when purchased, to pay the Mi-

£. 40 per Annum out of the said Estate; and that the nifter for the Time being of the said Church 27 per

rest of the Rents and Profits thereof should he received Annumand to supply the Deficiency occasioned by

and kept together by the Trustees, and employed until the Poverty of the said Parish:

they should raise sufficient to purchase Lands of the clear That, since such Decree, the said Trustees have paid

yearly Value of £. 60, with which they were to endow the said Arrear, and continue to pay the said Sum of the said Church; and, after such Endowment, the Pay- £. 27 per over and above the said Sum of^. 40;

ment of the£. 40 per Annum to the Incumbent was to and have laid out the Sum of 2,200 in the Purchase cease: of the Impropriate Tythes of Wandfivorth, in the Coun-

And that the said John.Marshall, after paying the ty of Suof the yearly Value of about 100; and

Legacies, and Performance of all the Charities, by the also the Sum of£. 112. lor. 0 in the Purchase of a said Will directed to be paid and performed, did declare. Piece of Ground contiguous to the Church-yard of the that in the last place, the Rents and Profits of his Lands, said Church, which the said Mr. Clarke proved was not otherwise disposed of, should, for ever after, beap- much wanted for the Burial of the Dead, plied by InsTrustees, for and towards buying in of Rec- And it appeared to the Committee, by. the Accounts tories impropriate to them and their Heirs, for the of the Trustees, as well.. by the Evidence of the said Maintenance and Continuance of the sincere Preaching Mr. Clarke, That the said Trustees have, by laying out of God’s most holy Word in this Land forever: the yearly Produce of the said Trust Estate, from time to

And also produced the Copy of an Act of Parliament, time, at Interest, and by Sale of Stock in the Year 17.20, passed in the 22d and 23d Years of the Reign of King greatly improved the fame, and have now in their Charles the I Id; whereby it appeared, That the Trustees, Hands, the Sum of ,£.2,500; and that all the Trusts in Performance of the Trusts created by the said Will, created by the said V, ill have been performed, except the did raise the said £. 700 out of the Profits of the Lands; farther Purchasing of Reftories impropriate, and, in the Year 1670, did lay out the same in building And Mr. John Voyce, Bricklayer, being eximined, a Church on Part of the Lordship called Paris Garden, said, That the said Church was in a very ruinous Cou-then Part of the Parish of St. Saviour's, Southwark: dition, and not capable of being repaired; for that the

That the said Lordship was thereby made a distinct Pa- Foundation was entirely decayed. rish,by the Name of Christ Church-, and that, for the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Maintenance of the Rector of the said Church until en- impower the present Trustees, under the last Will and dowed with £. 60 per Annum, as aforesaid, the Trustees Testament of John Gentleman, deceased, to

were to pay to him the said £.40 per Annum out of lay out a certain Sum of Money, now in their Hands, for the Testator’s Estate; and also raise, above the said £.700 pulling down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Christ then expended, the Sum of £. 400, if, they judged necef- Church, in the County of Surry; and for enclosing a. fary, for completing the said new Church, and for paying.. Piece of Ground, lately purchased, for enlarging the the Churchwardens and Impropriators of St. Saviour's Church-yard belonging to the said Church: And that Parish £. 100 for and in respect of such voluntary Con- Mr. Robert Hucks, Mr. More, and Colonel Onslow, do tributions and Tythes, as formerly came to the said Pa- prepare, and bring in, the fame, rish of St. Saviour's from the Inhabitants of Paris Garden, for repairing their Church: Mr. Shepheard presented to the House, according to Redmore

And likewise produced the Copy of an Act, passed in Order, a Bill for the effectual Draining and Preservation Fen, &c. the 7 th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King of certain Fens, called Cawdle Fen, Waterden, and Red- Drainage. William the Third; whereby it appeared, That the Truf- more, and One Piece of Fen Ground, called the Holts, tees raised and paid the said £. 400 additional Charge, >n the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge: And according to the Direction of the before-mentioned Act; the same was received; and read the First time, and also duly paid the said£. 40per Annum to the Rec- Resolved, That the Bill be read a.Second time, for of the said Church: And it was directed by the said

Act, that the then Trustees should lay out all the Money A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Kenfingtoo, in their Hands, being about £.400, in building a Stee- Two Acts of Parliament, One of the Third, and the &c. Road, pie, and providing a Clock and Bells: And that the other of the Tenth, Year of the Reign of his late Ma-Parish should, by a Pound Rate, not exceeding Three jesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways Pence in the Pouiid, for any One Year, raise £. 60 per from that Part of Counters Bridge, which lies in the Pa-Annum for the Minister, which was for ever to be an Act- rish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, leading dition to the said £. 40 per Annum, also payable by the through the Towns of Brentford and Hounslow, to the said Trustees to the Minister: and the same was to be Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford in lieu of the Estate of £. 60 per Annum, directed by Bridge, in the said County, in the Road to Colnebrooke, the Will of the said John Marshall to be purchased for was read a Second time.

Endowment of the said Church. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis

And it further appeared to your Committee, upon in- Child, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Chetwynd, Lord Mayor of spefting the Book of Accounts of the said Trust Estate, London, Mr. Pulteney Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. produced by Mr. Wellington Clarke, Clerk to the said Bra fey. Sir Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

Trustees; and upon reading a Decree in the High Sir Jof. P Sir Mr. Longueville, Court of Chancery, made in Michaelmas Term 1725, Dr. LeeMr. Alderman Marshall, Mr. Parker, Mr. upon a Cause instituted in the said Court, by a Bill exhi- Holaen, Mr. Yates, Mr. , Mr. Price, Lord Balti-

bited by his Majesty’s then Attorney General, at the mere, Mr. Sir Mr. Mr.

Relation of Dr. Finlay, Rector of the said Parish, and Tracy, Mr. Bradshaw, Mr. Wigley, Lord Lord others, againstthesaidTrustees; and upon examining the Harry P Sir Robert Long, Mr. H'ollajton, Dr. said Mr. Clarke; that the Trustees did lay out the said Butler, Mr. Tower, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Piers, Sir Natha-last mentioned Sum of £. 400; and that the said £. 60per nael Curzon, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Kinaston, Mr. Bramston,

Annum, so to be raised by a Pound Rate, as aforesaid, Mr. More, Mr. Knight, Mr. Thompson, Mr. had been paid to the Minister of the said Church, till Mr. Wodehouse, Sir John Morgan, Sir Grant, Mr. about the Year 1721; and that, since that Time, by Wilkinson, Mr. Smith, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Foley, Sir reason of the Falling of Rents, empty Houses, and the John Norris, Mr. Bristow, Lord Grey, Lord Morpeth,

Poverty of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, no more Mr. Plumer, Mr. and all the Members who

Vol. 23.

serve

84 io* Martii. A. 1737-

serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Southampton, Berks, Lord Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Walker, Mr. Alder-Wilts, and Surry And they are to meet this After- man Perry, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Packer, Sir Charles Gilmour, noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham- Mr. Lyttelton, Lord Mr. Brereton, Mr.

ber. Campbell, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Talbot, Mr.

Sir Mr. Lord Wallingford, Mr.

Westminster The Lord Sundon, according to Order, reported from Grenville, Mr. Alderman; and all the Mem-

Bridge. the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Peti- bers who serve for the County of: And they

tion of the Commissioners for building a Bridge from the are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the City of Westminster,to the opposite Shore, in the County Speaker’s Chamber, of Surry, and also the Petition of the Deputy Steward,

Chief Burgess, Burgesses, their Assistants, and the antient Ordered, That the Commissioners of Excise do lay

and principal trading Inhabitants of the City and Liberty before this House, an Account of the Money which was of Westminster , and also the Petition of the Freeholders received by Excise upon Beer and Ale fold in and principal Inhabitants of the Parishes of St. John the District, in the County of Warwick, from Mid-

Evangeli/l, St. George, Hanover Square, St.James, and summer 1710 to 1718; distinguishing each

St. Margaret's, in the City of Westminster;was referred; Year, the Resolution which they had directed him to report

to the House; which he read in his Place; and after- Ordered, That Captain Martin, Captain Gough, Sir wards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Bobert Monro, Mr. Mr. Alderman Heathcote,

fame was read; and is as followeth; viz. Mr. Brereton, Mr. Leheup, Mr. JLezois, and Mr. Kent,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of the That the Place for budding a Bridge crossthe River of Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Inhabitants of the Thames, moll advantageous to the Trade of the City and Town of Ware, in the County of and of feve-

Liberty of Westminster, and most commodious to the In- ral Farmers, Maltlters, and Barge Owners, living in or habitants thereof, is from the Woolfiaple, or thereabouts, near the said Towns, whose Names are thereunto fub-to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry, scribed, on behalf of themselves, and several Hundreds

The said Refoiution, being read a Second time, was, of other Persons, residing near to, and concerned in the upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Navigation on, the Kiver Lea, running from Hertford House. to Ware, and from thence to the River of Thames, near

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Rill pur- the City of London-, and of the Governor and Company suant to the said Refoiution: And that the Lord Sundon, of the New River, brought from Chadwell and Amivell Mr. Winnington, Sir Charles Wager, the Lord Baltimore,to London; is referred,

and Mr. Piilteney, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Lord Sir Grant, Mr.

CastleDon- A Bill for reducing the Stint of the Horse or Beast Hume Campbell, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Mr. Le-

sington Stint Pastures, and Sheep Commons, within the Manor, Town, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Lefiie, Mr. Alderman Par-

oi Pasture. an(j parish, Qf Castle Donnington, in the County of Jons, Mr. Cm fie, Mr. LindeJ'ay, Mr. Falconar, be added Leicester, was read a Second time. to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Mer-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Plumptre,chants, and others, of the City of Iwndon, trading to Mr RichardPlumsr, Mr. Horfmonden Turner, Mr. Dan- Genoa, is referred.

vers, Mr. Tveby, Sir Robert Clifton, Mr. Longueville,

Mr. Walker, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Revan, Sir Roger Brad- Sir Charles Wager presented to the House, according Jhaigh, Sir Geo. Wynne, Lord Grey, Dr. Cotes, Mr. Corne- to Order, a Bill for explaining and amending an Act of wall, Mr. White, Mr Piers, Mr. Ong/ey, Mr . Wigley,the Eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, inti-

Mr. 01 mius, Mr. Cosier, Mr. Chester, Sir Jof. Penning- tuled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Proton, Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr. Lindejay, Mr. Crttffe, fits of the Estates, forfeited by the Attainders oi James, Mr. Bade, Mr. Corbett, Sir Robert Monro, Sir Nat ha-late EarJ of Derwentwater, and And

1taelCurzon, Mr. Laroche, Captain Martin, Mr. More, the same was received; and read the First time.

Mr. Drummond, Colonel Liddell, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Gregory, Mr. Archer, Dr. Butler, Sir John Heathcote, Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time

Mr. Brereton, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Shuttleioorth, Sir Wm. upon this Day Sevennigbt.

Heathcote, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Sir Ordered, That the Bill be printed.

Charles Mordaunt, Sir James Grant, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Hay, Colonel Onfiow, Mr. Ashe, Lord Wallingford, Sir A Petition of William Henderfonj Gentleman, Agent

Richard Corbett, Mr. Owen, Mr. Wilkinson, Lord Chet- for the Right honourable Richard Earl was

wynd, Mr Smith, Mr. Brafiey, Mr. Proby, Sir John presented to the House, and read , letting forth. That

Morgan, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Thomas Saunderfon, Mr. a Bill is now depending in this House, which was first

Lloyd, Mr. Knight, Mr. Parker, Mr. Brifiow, Mr. Gib- brought into the House of Lords, upon the Petition of Jon, Mr. Hungerford; and all the Members who serve Esquire, intituled, An Act for exem-

for the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Nottingham: plifying the fall Will of Arthur late Earl of Anglesey, And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the and for making the same Evidence in all Courts of Law-Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland: And that

there being Several Suits now depending in England, as Worcester A Bill for rebuilding the Church of the Pari Hi of well as Ireland, between the said Francis Annejley, and fn°crch Saints, in the City of Worcester, was read a Second the said Richard Earl of Anglesey, touching divers Parts - dints, time* of the Lands and Estates of James late Earl of Anglesey,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandys, of which the said Earl is Tenant in Tail, and whiph Lord Polwarth, Sir John Rushout, Sir Thomas Lyttelton, the said claims under the Will of the

Mr. Piers, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Longueville, Sir Chr. Poivcll, said Earl; which Will has not as yet been

Mr. Fidell, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Kinafion, Mr. More, proved, as against the said Earl; the Petitioner

Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Hay, Mr. Jj>ck- is advised, tljat if the Bill ftnmld pass into a Law, the zooood, Mr. Alderman Mar,shall, Mr. Walts, Mr. Wm. same would be greatly prejudicial to the said Richard Pitt, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. OlmiusEarl of Anglesey, who is now in Ireland, and has had np Mr. Delmh, Admiral Stewart, Sir James Grant, Dr. I-ee, Notice of the Application for fuchBili: And there-

Mr. Smith, Mr. Rutherford, Sir Thomas Saunderjon, Mr. fore praying, That the said Earl of Anglesey

Hooper, Lord 7 yrconnel, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Drummond, may be heard, by his Counsel, against the passing of Mr. Wm. Plamer, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Hanbury Williams, the said Bill.

Ordered»


Account of Excise on Beer, &c. fold in Bio niingham.

Lea River

Navigation,

Relief of ihipwre< ked Mariners at Genoa.

Application of Derwentwater Estate

Earl of Anglesey’s

° Martii,

Naiih’s

Debts.

Spanifti Depredations in American Seas.

n Geo. II. 10° — 13

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time: And that the Petitioner be then heard, if he thinks fit, for the Right honourable Richard Earl of , by his

Counsel, again!! the said Bill.

Ordered, That Counsel be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, again!! the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read aSecond time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Alderman Heathcote presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for velting the real and persona! Estate of Hugh Nai/k Esquire, who was late a Prisoner in his Majesty’s Prison of the Fleet, and escaped out of the fame, in Trustees, for the Benefit of his Creditors: And the same was received; and read the Fir!! time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read aSecond time.

cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, to any of the Governors of the Briiijk Plantations, or any Commanders in Chief, or Captains of his Majesty’s Ships of War, or his Majesty’s Minister in Spain, relating likewise to the said Losses, by the said Depredations; to Midsummer lad; which have not already been laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply Bill; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Land Tax. House, to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-eight.

A Motion was made, and the Questionbeing proposed. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, That there may be laid before this House, Copies of all Representations, Memorials, or Petitions, made to his Majesty, his Secretaries of State, the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, lince the Treaty of Seville, relating to any Losses sustained by his Majesty's Subjects. by Depredations committed by the Spaniards in Europe or America-, together with all Copies or Extracts of any Letters from any of the Brilijli Governors in America, his Majesty’s Minister in Spain, Consuls in Europe, or any Commanders in

Chief, or Captains of his Majesty’s Ships of War, to the Secretaries of State, Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or Com-inissioners for Trade and Plantations; and also Copies or Ext.ra6!s of all Letters written, and Instructions given by the Secretaries of State, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great . to

any of the Governors of the Plantations, or any

Commanders in Chief, or Captains of his Majesty’s Ships of War,or his Majesty’s Minister in Spain; to mer last; which have not already been laid before this House:

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question by adding after the Words " Trade and Piant.ations"and before the Word "and," these Words, " relating to the said Losses by the said Depredations

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding after the Word "Spain," and before the Words " to Midsummer last," these Words, relating likewise to the said Losses by the said Depredations:’’

And the same wns, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the Question, so amended, being put;

ReJ'olved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, That there may be laid before this House, Copies of all Representations, Memorials, of Petitions, made to his Majesty, his Secretaries of State, the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, since the Treaty of Seville, relating to any Losses sustained by his Majesty’s Subjects, by Depredations committed by the Spaniards in Europe or America; together with all Copies or Extracts of any Letters from any of the British Governors in America, his Majesty’s Minister in Spain, Consuls in Europe, ar any Commander in Chief, or Captains of his Majesty’s Ships of War, to the Secretaries of State, Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, relating to the said Losses, by the said Depredations; and also Copies or Extracts of all Letters written, and Instructions given, by the Secretaries of State, or Commissioners for exe-Voj.. 23.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luncey 13* die Martii;

Anno ii# Georgii IIdl Regis, 1737.

Prayers.

ABI L L for enlarging the Term and Powers Lemsford granted and given by an Act, passed in the Hi11’ ^c‘ Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King 08 George, for repairing the Roads from Lemsford Mill, in the County of Her!ford,to Welwyn, and from thence to Cory's Mill, and from Welwyn, through Codicot, to Hitch-in, in the said County: and also for repairing the Roads from Cory's Mill to Hitcliinaforefuid; was read a Second time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bi'l be committed to Mr. Wm.

Plumer, Mr. Richard Plumer, Sir Thomas Clarke, Mr.

Wat kin Wms. Wynne, Mr. Longuevi/le, Mr

Mr. Kent, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Bisse, Mr. Townshend, Lord

Limerick, Mr. Montague, Mr. Corbett, Sir

ton. Lord Baltimore, Mr. Turner, Mr Gore, Mr. Thomas

Gore, Mr. Lechmere, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr.

fer, Mr. Lifer, Mr. More, Mr. Mr. Mon/on,

Lord Charles Cavendish, Sir Wm. Clayton, I^ord Dr. Lee, Sir Jof Pennington, Sir Mordaunt, Lord

Polwarth, Sir James Grant, Brigadier Midlelon, Mr.

Medlycolt, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Lloyd, Mr.

Dennis, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Hay, Mr. Mr.

Grenville, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Rramfon, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Lord Polwarth, Lord; and all

the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford,

Bedford, Huntingdon, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act of for veiling divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Coun- ®^!or<14 ties of Kent, Suffolk, Essex, Hereford, and , ale"

and the City of London, intailed by the Will of Elizabeth, late Duchess of Bedford,in John Duke of Bedford, in Fee-simple; and for settling other Estates in the Counties of Bucks and Hertford, of greater Value, to the like Uses, in lieu thereof; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Morpeth, Mr. Waller, Mr. Wodehouse, Sir Hynde ton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Dr. Cotes, Dr. Ixe, Mr. Tre-by, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. More, Mr. Lloyd,

Mr. Plumer, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Wolla/on, Mr.

Houblon, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Yates, Mr.

Mr. Spencer, Mr. Sandys, Mr. LSir John

Rushout, Mr. Hay, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. FydelL Mr. Rife, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Bra (feyMr. Gybbon, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Shuttlcworlh. Lord PolwarthLord Limerick-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties ut Kent,

Suffolk, Essex, Hereford, and Monmouth: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Z Ordered,

1

86 13* Martii. 1737.

East Ordered \That Mr. Alderman Chhmpion be added to ^Roadi*^ Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inh:ibitants,dwellingin the Towns of East Greenwich, Deptford, Lewisham, Woolwich, Lee, and Eltham, and other Parishes and Places contiguous thereto, in the County of Kent,is referred.

Minebead A Bill for continuing the Terms and Powers granted Harbour, and given by the Acts, passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William, and the Tenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Alinehead, in the County of was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whitworth, Sir IVm. Codrington, Sir Wm. Lord

Gage, Sir George Cafwall, SirEdmund.Isham, MrEuaws,

Mr. Lawton, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Revel!, Lord Wallingford, Mr. Watts, Mr. Mr. Bevan, Mr. Bamp-

fylde, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Mr. Smith, Mr.

Sir James Grant, Mr. Walker, Mr. Winnington, Mr.

Archer, Lord SidneyBeauclerk, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Lon-gueville, Mr. Sclteyn, Mr. Donglas, Admiral Stewart, Mr. Corbett, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Raidinfon Earle, Mr. Mr. Medly-

cott, Colonel Duckett, Mr. Fane, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Hungerford, Lord Grey, Mr. Yorke, Sir Edmund Bacon, Lord John Sackville, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Earle, Mr. Crawley, Sir Nathanael Mr. Mr. Ki-

nafion, Mr. Tracy, Mr. HMr. Mr. Bra fey,

Mr. Forrester, Mr. Horsemonden Turner, Mr. Bade, Mr. More, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Hacks, Sir Henry Gough; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of -

set, Dorset, Devon, and: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Meux’s A Bill to enable William Esquire, here-

*'ame‘ tofore called William and the Heirs Male of his

Body, to take and nfe the Surname of Maffingberd, pur-ftiant to a Settlement made by Sir William Maffingberd Baronet, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Horsemonden Turner, Mr. Brqffey, Mr. Fydell, Mr. Hales, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Kinafon, Mr. LonguevHle, Mr. Balle, Mr. Biffe, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Kent, Mr. Laroche, Sir William Courtenay, Mr. Spencer, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Gore, Sir James Grant, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir Wm. Codrington, Mr. Earle, Mr. Pitt, Admiral Stewart, Mr. Papillon, Captain Evans, Mr. Hay, Mr.

Glanville, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Mr. Maijler, Mr.

Hacks, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Gt/bbon, Mr Sir"

Edioard Dering, Mr. CarmichaelL, Mr. Mr. Wil-

kinfon, Sir Robert Austen, Mr. Boivles, Mr. Alderman Willimott, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Danvers, Mr. May, Mr. Hooper, Sir John Mr. Phi

Mr. More, Mr. Lindefty, Mr. Knight, Mr. Hungerford,

Lord salt more, Mr. Cornezvall, Lord Gage, Mr. Bradshaw, Mr. Archer, Mr. Proby, Sir Thomas Clarke, 'Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Toicer, Mr. Mr. Baker, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Sir Geo. Cafwall, Sir

Francis Child; and all the Members, who serve for the County of Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Aufwer to Air. Comptroller reported to the House, That their AUdieb. Address of Friday lait, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that tlreremay be laid before this House, Copies of the Representations, Memorials, or Petitions; together with Copies or Extracts of the Letters, and luftruftious, therein mentioned; had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Frauds in Cold and Sil.

ver Warts. Sir Francis Child reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Goldsmiths, of the City of London, wa* referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, in order to prove the Allegations thereof,

The Petitioners laid before the Committee an Act of Parliament, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of King Edward the First; whereby it appeared, That no Goldsmith is to make any manner of Vessel, or other Thing, of Gold or Silver, except it be of good and true Alloy; and that no manner of Vessel of Silver is to depart out of the Hands of the Workers, until it be affayed by the Wardens of the Craft, and marked with the Leopard’s Head; which Wardens are likewise thereby irapowered to go from Shop to Shop among the Goldsmiths, to assay their Gold: They then called,

Mr. Joseph Ward, Assay-master of Goldsmiths Hall,

and Mr. Thomas Banks, Clerk to the Company of Gold-

smiths: Who, being examined, said. That, notwithstanding the Powers given by the afore-mentionecfAft, there had been no Searches made for these lati 12 or 15 Years; and that there were no Wardens now living that had ever made a Search: The Reason of this Dif-continuance of Searching was, as they apprehended, and had heard, from the Opposition the Wardens uiuaily met with in executing that Power: And, in order to shew the ill Consequences arising from the Goldsmiths being thereby exempted, in a manner, from the Inspection of the Wardens of the Craft, they called,

Obadiah Welfted, Richard Vincent: Who federally produced to the Committee several Pieces of Plate by them purchased at Shops within the Cities of London and Westminster, foine whereof had no Marks at all upon them; and others, as appeared by the Evidence of the above-named Mr. Joseph Ward, Assay-master, had counterfeit Marks stamped upon them.

The said Mr. Ward being asked, If a Alark could not be taken out of an old Piece of Plate, and put into a new one, so as that the Fraud should not be discovered?

Said, It might be easily done, and in such a manner, as to deceive a Person not versed in the Business; which h’rs Evidence, in this Particular, was confirmed by Mr.

Welfted and Mr. Vincent.

It appeared further, by the Evidence of Air. Welfted and Mr. Vincent, That the several Pieces of Plate, by . them produced, had, since the Parchafe of them, been assayed at the Tower-, and that the same had been found greatly deficient: And they produced to the Committee the particular Deficiency of each Piece of Plate; which was in feme very great, and in others less.

The Petitioners then proceeded to shew what had been the Produce of their Assay Office for feme Years last past; and what the Expence of keeping it: To which

Purpose they called,

Adr. Thomas Banks, Clerk to the Company: Who laid.

That it had formerly been usual for the Com|>any to take Four Grains per Pound Troy, for allaying and marking Silver Plate; felt that, for these 20 Years last past, they had taken Six Grains for large Plate, Six Pence a-piece ferSword Hilts, Three Pence a-piece for Snuff Boxes, and other small Sums of Money for other finall Wares by the Piece. He then produced an Account of the Produce and Expence of the Assay Office, for the 20 Years ending the 29th Efoy of May last past, during which Time the advanced Prices were taken; whereby it appeared, on a Balance for the whole ao Years, that the Company had been in Disburse by the said Office £.950. 17 s.6d. including the Rent for the Aflayer’s House and the Assay Office.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better preventing of Frauds and Abides in Gold and

Silver

j

11 Geo. II. 13° — 14* Martii. f? 7

Silver Wares: And that Sir Francis , Mr.

Mr. Scrape, and Mr. Knight, do prepare, and bring ip, the fame.

Rigail's An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing was

Nat. read the Third time.

" Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Philip

Ordered, That M r. Bevan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Way* Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Means, whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raisipg the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Land Tax. consider further of tj;e Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great for the Service of the Year 1738.

Earl of Anglesey's Will.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exemplifying the last Will of Arthur late Earl of Angle fey; and for making the same Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Counsel for and against the said Bill were called is.

And the said Bill was read a Second time.

And the Petition of William HenAerfon Gentleman, Agent for the Right honourable Richard Earl of Angle-fey, was also read:

And the Counfel against the Bill were heard;

And offered to prove (what the Counsel for the Bill admitted), That a Bill is now depending in the Court

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mortis,140 die Martii;

Anno 11* Georgii II*1* Regis, 1737.

Prayers.

SI R John Norris reported from tlte Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term and Powers granted and given by the Act«, pa (fed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King the

Third, and in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Georg, for repairing the Har-

Rye

Harbour.

hour of Dover, in the County of Kent; and for restoring of Chancery, preferred by the said Earl against Francis the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Suffer, to its an-Annejley Esquire. cientGooduefs; wascomraitted;ThattlieCqmmitteehad

And a Writ of Attachment against the said Mr. Annef- ....

ley, for not answering at the Suit of the said Earl, returnable in Fifteen Days after Eaf being produced;

The Direction of the said Writ was read:

And the Counsel against the BiH having offered to prove (what the Counfel for the Bill admitted), That the said Earl is in Possession offome Kftates which the said Mr. Annefleyclaims, under the Will of the said Arthur

late Earl of AngleJ'ey;

A Copy of the Journal of the House of Peers of the zjii Day of February last, relating to an Order of the House of Peers, for preparing, and bringing iu, a Bill for the Exemplification of Wills and Deeds inrolled; and for making fitch Exemplifications, and authentick Copies of such Deeds inrolled, to be Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and; was

produoed and read:

And the Counsel for the Bill were heard:

And the Counsel against the Bill were heard By way of Reply:

And the Counsel on both Sides being withdrawn;

Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Bold, Mr.

Whitioorih, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Harley, 6ir John Cotton, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hales,'Mr. Plumer, Mr. Earle, Sir Wm.Wyndham, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Charles Sir John Kay, Mr. Wilkinson, M Mr.

Jbn Gower, Mr. Chester, Sir. Tracy, Mr. White, Mr. Hummer, Mr. Richard Plumer, Mr. Lifter, Mr. fton, Mr. Fane, Mr. Owen, Mr. Treby, Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr. Wat kin Wins. Wynne, Sir John Morgan, :Mr. Cafar, M. Glanville, Child, Lord Limerick, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Pulteney, Mr.

Hoare, Mr. Fydell, Sir Wm. Mr. Alderman

Heathcote, Mr. Chetxvynd, Sir Edmund Baton, Mr. San-dys, Mr. Gibfrn, Mr. Conolly, Mr. Mr.

Slir Nathanael Curzon, Sir John Rushout, Mr

Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Waller, Mr. Sir Wm.

Stapleton, Mr. Lockwood, Lond Sir. Aijlabie,

examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Oniered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Archer of Berkshire reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Winchcombe Howard Packer Esquire, Henry Packer, and Robert Packer, the Sons of Robert Packer Esquire, deceased, and also of David Hartleif Doctor of Physick, and Elizabeth his Wife, the only Daughter of the said Robert Packer, deceased, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows;

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, the Petitioners called,

Mr. Charles Hall: Who laid before the Committee, the last Will of Robert Packer the Testator, dated the 17th Day of September 1730: whereby it appeared, that the Testator did devise, to Trnftees therein named, and their Heirs, the Manors of Shellingford, Honour and Manor of Dermuigton, and all the Sodburys and Ley-grove, in the Counties o ( Glouand Berks, and all the Testator’s Mansion Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Shellingford, Donnington, and all and every the Sodburys aforesaid, and all the Testator’s personal Estate; upon Trust to fell his personal Estate, and to apply the Money arising the reby, towards fa-

Dr. Lee, Mr. Brtffffey, Mr. Gore, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. tisfying his Debts, Funeral Charges, and Legacies:

Supply.

Owen, Lord Polwarth: And they are to meet this After-jioon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved^baX this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of tfae whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Voju 23.

Packer’*

Estate.

And in case such Money should not be sufficient for these Purposes, the said Trustees were to grant all or any of the Copyhold, being Parcel of, or belonging to, his said Manors, for the most Money that could be got for the fame; which was to be applied to the Payment of the Testator’s Debts and Legacies: And in case the Monies ib to be raised, should not be sufficient to pay his D<- bts, Funeral Charges, and Legacies, the said Trustees, and

their

14° Martii. 1737.

their Heirs, were to fell such Part of his Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in and Sodburys, as they should think necessary,forPayment

of such Debts, Funeral Expences, and Legacies, as should then remain unpaid: and as concerning the Residue of the Testator’s Manors, Lands and Hereditaments, which should remain unfold, after Payment of his Debts, Funerals, and Legacies, he limited the fame, in strict Settlement, to the Use of the Petitioner Winch-combe Howard Packer, for Life; Remainder to his Firil and other Son and Sons, in Tail Male; Remainder to the Petitioner Henry Packer, for Life; Remander to his Firil and other Son and Sons, in Tail Male; Remainder, in like manner, to the Petitioner Robert Packer, for Life; Remainder to his Firil and other Son and Sons, in Tail Male, fuccetftvely; Remainder to the Petitioner Elizabeth; Remainder to her Firil and other Son and Sons, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies; Kemainder to the right lleirs of the said Teilator; by which said \V ill Provision is made for One or more Daughters of the Petitioners WinchcombeHoward , Henry Packer,

and Robert Packer, in case of no Son by them reflectively; with Powers annexed to the said Estate, for Life, as the Petitioners Winchcombe Henry

Packer, and 'Robert Packer, rel'peftively, should come into PoU'eifion, to limit all or any Part of the Premises, to any Wife, in Jointure, for her Life: And the saidTef-tator, by his said Will, charged all his real and personal Estate with the Payment of the Annuities and Legacies in his said Will mentioned, audalfo with his Debts, Funeral Charges, and Expences, and with the Coils and Charges of the Trust; and, by his said Will, appointed the Truilees therein named his Executors; and died on or about the 4th Day o (April 1731; and the Executors renounced the said Executorship; and thereupon Administration, with the Will annexed of the said Teilator, was granted to the said Winchcombe Howard Packer.

And Mr. Hall, being examined, said, That, in his Judgment, Parcel of the Lands late of the Teilator, lying in Berks, in the Will mentioned, were of the present yearly Value of £.1,440: And added, that the same would be of a far greater yearly Value, after the Deatlis of some Persons, who had a Right of Common on some of those Lands.

Mr. Henry Pye, being examined, said, That soon after the Testator’s Death, an Inventory and Appraisement was taken and made of his personal Estate; and that the Total of such Inventory and Appraisement amounted to upwards of £. 3,000.

And Mr. Hall, being again examined, laid before the

Committee, and proved, a Paper-writing, purporting to be an Account of the Debts, Funeral Expences, and Legacies, of the Teilator; whereby it appeared, that the principal Monies due from the Teilator, on Mortgage, affecting the said Estates, amounted to the Sum of £.19,400:

That the Debts also due from him, on Specialty, and Notes of Hand, including some Interest, amounted to £.3,366. 7 s.3 d. , and that the Monies due from the Teilator on other limple Contrafts, amounted to £.4,094. is. 9 d.:

That the Testator’s Funeral Charges came to £.319. i8*.; and that the Legacies, given by his Will, were in all £.13,502. 10s.; which Sums, being added together, make in all £.40,769. 6s.: And the said

Mr. Hall further said. That the Amount of the Testator’s personal Estate was £.3,222. 4; which, when

applied towards Satisfaction of the Debts, Funerals, and Legacies aforesaid, a Charge of £.37,547. ir. would remain on the Testator’s real Estate, in pursuance of the Tenor of his Will.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate, late of Robert Packer Esquire, deceased, in the County of Berks, for discharging Incumbrances thereupon: And that Mr. of

Berkshire, and Mr. Pturner, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Brereton presented to the House, according to Liverpool# Order, a Bill for enlarging the Time granted by an Act, Dork and passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Ma- Stfeeu. jesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Time granted by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for making a convenient Dock or Bason at Liverpoole, for the Security of all Ships trading to and from the said Port of Liverpoole; and for enlarging the fame, by making an additional Dock, and building a Pier in the open Harbour; and for enlightening round the Dock and the Streets of the said Town: And the same was received; and read the Firil Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Cholmondeley presented to the House, according Prohibition to Order; a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in of Stuff the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Button*» c* George, intituled, An Act for employing the Manufacturers, and encouraging the Consumption of raw Silk and Mohair Yarn, by prohibiting the Wearing of Buttons and Button-holes made of Cloth. Serge, or other Stuffs, and making the same more effectual: And the same was received; and read the Firil time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do Account lay before this House, an Account of the Amount of the ^a^grna Imports of Raiftns from Smyrna, and the Duties paid imported, thereupon, from Christmas 171810 Christmas 1721; dif-

tinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Imports of Raiftns from Smyrna, and the Duties paid thereupon, from Christmas 1728 to Christmas 1731;

distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Imports of Raiftns from Smyrna, and the Duties paid thereupon, from Christmas 1734 to Christmas 1 737; distinguishing each Year.

A Petition of the Right honourable Vere Beauclerk NewWindfor Esquire, commonly called Lord Vere Beauclerk, <vas Election, presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner and Richard Oldfield Esquire Hood Candidates at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New in

the County of Berks: That the said Richard Oldfield, and his Agents, by Threats and Menaces, and other illegal and unwarrantable PraCiices, procured several Persons to vote for him, some of whom had no Right so to do: And that Mr. Buller, the Mayor of the said Town, who is the Returning Officer, hath returned the said Richard Oldfield, together with the Petitioner, notwithstanding the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, and was duly elected: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the Petitioner may have such Relief therein, as to this House shall seem meet: And also,

A Petition of Richard Oldfield Esquire was presented Ditto, to the House, and read; setting forth. That a new Writ having issued for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Windsor, in the County of Berks, in the room of the Right honourable Vere Beauclerk Esquire, commonly called Lord Vere Beauclerk, the said Election came on the 7th of March 1737, when the said Lord Vere Beauclerk and the Petitioner flood Candidates: That there polled for the Petitioner and Lord Vere Beauclerk 133 Votes each, which made an Equality; whereupon the Mayor hath made a Return of the said Lord Vere Beauclerk, as ... . the Petitioner: That the said Mayor admitted several Persons to poll for the said Lord Vere Beauclerk, who had no Right to vote at the said Election, and refuted the Votes of many Persons who had a Right to vote, and offered to poll for the Petitioner; and many other indirtft and un-23 warrantable

11 Geo. II. 14V-150 MartiL 89

Warrantable Practices Were made use of, before and at the said Election, in order to procure the said Lord Vere Beauclerk to be elected and returned a Burgess

for the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioner such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Double Return, and the Matters of the said Petitions, be heard at the Bar of this House upon Thursd Sevennight.

Premises into Consideratio'n; and giro such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Report from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Merchants of the City of London, and other Dealers in the Manufactures of Linens, Threads, and Tapes, made in Britain and Ireland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

Pavmpnt of Mr. Hungerford, according to Order, reported from Kents. t|je cominjttee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual securing the Payment of Rents, and for preventing Frauds by Tenants, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Treaty with Spain in i6jo.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, to be laid before this House, a Copy of the Treaty between Great Britain and Spain, for accommodating Differences, preventingDepredations, and settling a Peace in America, concluded at Madrid, July 8, 1670.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply Bill; The House refolyed itself into a Committee of the Land I ax. wjj0]e House, to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1738.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 15* die Martii;

Anno it* Georgii II*Regis, 1737.

Pa A YE* 8.

Linen A PETITION of the several Persons, whose Names Manufacture, fl are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, tand many Thousands concerned and employed in the Manufactories of Linen Cloth, wrought Incle, Threads, and Tapes, made in the Borough of Preston, and Parts adjacent, in the County Palatine of Lancqfier, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Manufactures have produced a comfortable Support to many Thousand poor Families employed therein; but that the same now labour under great Discouragements, by reason of the Drawback allowed on the Exportation of the like Manufactures of foreign Fabrick; by means whereof considerable Quantities are annually exported to Parts beyond the Seas; which has greatly prevented the Exportation of the Manufactures of Linen Cloth, wrought Incle, Threads, and Tapes, made in those Parts: And therefore praying the House to take the Vot. 23.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Farmers, Masters, Workmen, and others, of Ashburton,in the County of Devon,

in behalf of themselves, and other Persons concerned, throughout Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the great Quantities of Wool run to foreign Parts, from Great Britain and Ireland, is highly prejudicial to the trading Interest of this Kingdom, and the principal Cause of the Decay of Trade; by which means Foreigners are enabled to work up great Quantities of their coarse short Growth, by mixing it with English or Irish Wool; without the Assistance of which they could not make several Species of Woollen Goods, with which they now supply foreign Markets: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to provide such Remedies as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Serge-makers, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Ta-vistock, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, ami read; setting forth, That, for a considerable Time past, the Woollen Trade in this Borough and Neighbourhood hath been in a very decaying Condition; which, the Petitioners think, is, in a great measure, owing to the great Number of Spinning Houses which have been, within these few Years past, set up in the Country Villages around the Petitioners; whereby the Dealers in Wool set out certain Quantities to the Poor, to be spun at a very low Price, allotting, instead of Sixteen Ounces to the Pound, Eighteen or Twenty Ounces; which is never brought into the publick Market to be weighed, where there are Scales, and proper Persons to attend to fee Justice done: And that such Dealers frequently, instead of prompt Payment in Money, oblige the Spinners to take Goods at an extravagant Price, by way of Barter, contrary to the Laws now in being; whereby the poor People are much oppressed, and consequently the Yarn not so well spun as it should be, and the Serges not so good as formerly; which hath, of late, occasioned the Returning of many Pieces from abroad; all which do manifellly tend to the Destruction of Trade, the Oppression of the Poor, and the ruin of all Market Towns in that Part of the Kingdom, that depend mostly on the Sale of white Yarn, commonly called white Shute: And therefore praying the House to give such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by An Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act to enable the Pariflnoners of the Parish of St. Mary, Rotherhith, in the County of Surry, by certain Funeral Rates therein mentioned, to finifti the said Parish Church; and to enable the said Parishioners to raise such farther Sums of Money as shall be necessary for purchasing a convenient Piece of Ground, for an additional Burial Ground; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed toColonel Onjloxv, Mr. Alderman Heathcotc, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Tltomas Clarke, Sir Henry Hoghton, Sir Ilk Wentxcorth, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Wilkinson, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Sir Geo.

Cafivall, Sir John llynde Cotton, Sir Roger Bradjhaigh,

A a Sir

Clandestin* Exportation of W uol.

Woo!Jen

Trade.

Rotherhith

Church.

Accounts of Linens imported,&c.

Accounts of Sugar exported.

Dover and Rye Harbours.

Prohibition of Stuff Buttons, See.

90 15 0 Martii.A. 1737.

Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Burrell, Mr. for employing the Manufacturers, and encouraging the

Papillon, Lord Robert Mont agu, Mr. Neale, MrFaughan, Consumption of raw Silk and Mohair Yarn, by prohi- Mr. Archer, Lord Grey, Mr. Yates, Mr. Hungerjord, biting the Wearing of Buttons and Button-holes made of Mr. Watts, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Danvers, Dr. Lee, Mr. Cloth, Serge, or other Stuffs, thou Id pass into a Law,

Speke, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Smelt, Mr. Evans, Mr. it will prevent the Petitioners, and many Thousands of Tracy, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Bold, Mr. Scaxven, his Majesty’s industrious Subjects, manufacturing woven Mr. Phillip/on, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Chetioynd, Sir Buttons and Button-holes, made of raw Silk, Mo-

James Grant, Mr. Brereton, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. hair Yarn, and other Materials, whereby they now main-

Medhjcott, Mr. Turner, Mr. Blackett, Sir Robert Grosve- tain themselves and Families, and be a Means to reduce nor, Mr. Bathurst, Lord Limerick, Sir Thomas Saunderfon, them to extreme Poverty; the weaving Trade being Lord Che/wynd; and all the Members who serve for the greatly lelTened in most of its Branches, and they having County of Surry: And they are to meet this Afternoon, no other Way of getting a Livelihood; and will be in-at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. jurious to the Publick, as well as to the Dealers in the said Manufactures: And therefore praying the House to The House being informed, That Mr. Oxenford, Af- take the Premises into Consideration; and that they may fifiant Inspector General of the Exports and Imports, be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, attended at the Door; Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the until the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Seventh YearoftlieReignof hisIate Majesty King George,

Quantities of Irish Linen, imported into that Part of intituled, An Act for employing the Manufacturers, and Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1724 to encouraging the Consumption of raw Silk and Mohair Christmas 1736; distinguishing each Species, and each Yarn,byprohibitingtbewearing ofButtonsandButton-Year: And also, holes made of Cloth, Serge, or other Stuffs, and making

An Account of the Quantity of British Linens, ex- the same more effectual, be read a Second time: And ported from that Part of Great Britain called England, that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, from Christmas 1724 to Cliri/ltnas 17^6; dillinguithing against the said Bill, if they think fit.

each Species and Year, and to what Country ex- OrderThat Counsel be heard, at the same time, in

ported: And also, favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An Account of the Quantities of Sugar exported to foreign Countries, from Christmas 17 £. to Christmas' Notice being taken, That the Bill to enable William Removal of 1712; distinguishing each Year, and the Places to which Douglajs,e\lawful Son toSir Robert Douglass of Glen- t>

the same have been Exported: And also, bervie Baronet, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, re^porJ -v

An Account of the Quantities of Sugar exported to notwithstanding his Attainder, and to remove any Difa-Attainder, foreign Countries, from Christmas 1729 to Christmas bility in him, by reaion of his said Attainder, to take 1736; distinguislting each Year, and the Place to which or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall the same have been exported: And also,; > hereafter defeend orcome to him, presented to the House

I^An Account of the Quantities of Sugaij exported to upon the 7th Day of this instant March, and then or-foreign Countries from the Port of London only, from dered to be read a Second time, 'varied from the Order Chrjjlrnas 1736 to Christmas 1737; distinguishing the for preparing, and bringing in, the fame;

Places to which the same have been exported. Ordered, That the Order of the House, for the said

And then he withdrew. Bill to be read a Second time, be discharged.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Bill.

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. And the said Bill was withdrawn accordingly.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Pa- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

pers of this Session. enable William Douglas, eldest lawful Son to Sir Robert

Douglas of Glenbervie Baronet, to sue, or maintain any An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term and Powers Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder, and to granted and given by the Acts, passed in the Eleventh remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attain-and Tw elfth Years of the Reign of King William the der, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may Third, and in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign have defeended or come to him, since his late Majesty’s of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the Har- moil gracious Pardon, dated the 6th Day of February, bour of Dover, in the County of Kent; and for reftor- in the Sixth Year of his Reign, or that shall hereafter ing the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex, to its defeend or come to him: And that Mr. Drummond and antient Goodness; was read the Third time. Mr. Lindefay do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for continuing the Term and Powers granted Notice being taken, That the Bill to enable Removing

and given by the Acts, passed in the Eleventh and to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding Nairn’s Dif-Twelfth \ ear of the Reign of King William the Third, his Attainder, and to remove any Disability in him, by aljilay by and in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of his reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real AtUlllller-Jate Majesty King George, for repairing the Harbour of or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend Dover, in the County of Kent; and for relloring the or come to him, presented to the House the 7th Day of Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex, to its antient this instant March, and then ordered to be read a Second Goodness. time, varied from the Order for preparing, and bringing

Ordered, That Sir John Norris do carry the Bill to in, the fame; the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Ordered, That the Order of the House, for the said

Bill to be read a Second time, be discharged.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of raw Silk, and Mo- Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said hair Yarn, and also of woven Buttons and Button-holes, Bill.

and of the Dealers and Traders therein, in and about the And the said Bill was withdrawn accordingly.

City of Coventry, in behalf of themselves, and many

Thousands employed in the said Manufactures, was pre- A Bill for vesting the real and personal Estate of Nai(h’»

fented to the House, and read; fettingforth. That in case Naish Esquire, who was late a Prisoner in his Majesty s Debts,

the Bill, now depending before this House, for explain- Prison of the Fleet, and escaped out of the fame, in ing and amending an Act, passed in the Seventh Year Trustees, for the Benefit of his Creditors, was read a of flic Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, Second time.

Resolved,

fipanish Depredations i American iStas.

11 Geo. II. 150 Martii.

91

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Aider-

man Heathcote, Mr. ShepheardMr. Forrefier, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Danvers, Lord Sidney Mr.

Mr. Robert Hucks, Mr. Lovgueville, Mr. Tower, Sir Geo. Casuall, M c. Afore, Mr. Mr. Hay,

Mr. Fydell, Mr. Bold, Mr. White, Mr. Hooper, Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Watts, Mr- Whitworth, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. P turner, Mr Clayton, Sir Roger Bradjhaigh, Mr. Med-lycott. Sir John Sheila/, Mr. Alderman Marshall, Lord Tyrconnell, Sir Wm.Wcntxvorth, Mr. Mr*

Conyers, Lord Pollearth, Mr. Iiume Campbell, Mr. Scazven, Mr. Ongln/, Sir Roger Burgoyne, Mr. Henry Archer, Mr. Archer, Mr. Richard Plumer, Mr. Wm. Pturner. Sir Nathanael CurzonSir James Grant, Mr.

Huvgerford, Sir Thomas Frankland, Mr. Vyner, Sir

Heathcole, Mr. Vernon, Vir. Grenville, Mr. Bromley, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Cartioright, Mr. Fox, Lord rick, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Earle, Mr. Gore, Mr. Winnington, Lord Grey, Sir Thomas Afion, Lord Robert Montagu, Sir Thomas Clarke: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Comptroller presented to the House. pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Copies and F,xtra6ts of the several Petitions, Representations, Memorials, and all other Papers, relating to the Spanish Depredations upon the British Subjects, which have been presented to his Majesty, or delivered to either of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, fmceMidsummer last; togel her with Copies or Extracts of such Memorials, or Representations, as have been made, either to the King of Spain, or his Ministers; and of the Letters written to his Majesty’s Minister at Madrid, relating to the said Depredations: As also, by his Majesty’s Command,

Copies and Extracts of Letters from his Majesty’s Minister at Madrid, and from the King of Spain's Ministers t,o him, in Answer to Letters wrote by One of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State to the said Minister, and to the Representations made by him to the Ministers of Spain, relating to the said Depredations; together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read; and is as followeth: Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of

Newcastle, Segovia,

Allg. 22. Sept. 2.

1737; inclosing.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene, to Mons. de la Quadra, Aug. 44, 1737, and Translation.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, Sept. 1?., 1737; inclosing.

Copy ofa Letter from the Board of Trade to the Duke of Newcastle, August 31, 1737; inclosing.

Extract of a Letter from Governor Mathew to the Board of Trade, June 14, 1737.

Extract of a Letter from Governor Mathew to the Secretary of the Board of Trade, July 18, 1737; inclosing.

Copy of the Affidavit of John Harris senior, taken before Governor Mathew, July nth, 1737.

Extract of a Letter from the Duke of to Mr.

Keene, 061. 3d, 1737; inclosing.

Extract of a Letter from the President of the Council at Jamaica to the Duke of Newcastle, July 13th, 1737; inclosing,

Copy of the Deposition of John Curtis, Commander of the Ship St. James of Bristol, and of the Boatswain and Sailors belonging to the said Ship.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Madrid, 08. -6f, 17 37 j inclosing.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to Mons. de la

dra, iMTTZT1737> and Tranllation:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to Mons. de la Quadra, St. Ildefonfo, — 1737, and Translation.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Madrid, 08. 44» 1737; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. to the Marquis de Mari, 061.y, 1737, and Translation:

Vol. 23.

Copy of a Memorial, dating the same of the Three Ships, the Restitution of which Mr. Keene demanded by his Offices of 1737, and

Translation.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, November 4th, 1737; inclosing.

Copy of the Petition of the Merchants and Planters, in behalf of themselves and others, trading to,‘and interested in, the British Colonies in America: Draught of a Memorial to be presented by Mr. Keene to the King of Spain, and Translation:

Copy of a short State of the Capture of the Ship St. James, with the Proofs annexed, taken 12 May

1737:

Copy of a short State of the Capture of the ShipPnnce William, with the Proofs annexed, taken the 24th of March 1736-7:

Copy of a short State of the Capture of the George Brigantine, with the Proofs annexed, taken the 21 May 1 737:

Copy of a short State of the Capture of Two British Ships; 1 ft, the Loyal Charles, 2d, the taken in July or August 1737, with the Proofs annexed:

Copy of a short State of the boarding and plundering, lit, the Snow Neptune, 2d, the Prince William, 3dly, a New England Brigantine, on the 12th July 1737, with the Proofs annexed:

Copy of a short State of the Attack of the Sloop Cafar, July ift, 1737, with the Proofs annexed:

Copy of a short State of the boarding and plundering the Ship SeaHorJe, William Griffith Matter, on the 18th or 19th of August 1737, with the Proofs annexed:

Copy of a short State of the Captures of the Brigantine Two Sifters, Brigantine Hopewell, and Two other Ships, Part of the Salt Fleet, taken 14 March 1732-3, with the Proofs annexed:

Copy of a short State of the Captures of the Six following Ships; 1. the Sloop Endeavour, the Bermuda Sloop, the Sloop of Anguilla, a Sloop of Antigua, a Sloop of St. the Friends Adventure, all taken' in February 1734-5; and of Three more Ships which were attacked at the same Time, but escaped; with the Proofs annexed:

Copy of a short State of the Captures of the Sloop Thomas, and the Prince William; Sloop Thomas, taken 28 March \734; Sloop taken

9th September 1731; with Proofs annexed;.

Copy of a short State of the Capture of the Ship Richmond, taken April 14th 1730, with the Proofs annexed:

Copy of a short State of the Captare of the Ship Phcafant, taken January 13, 1728-9:

Copy of the Petition of Edmund Sanders, Henry Tongue, and Richard Farr, of Brijfta}., Merchants, in behalf of themselves, Henry Lloyd deceased, the Insurers, Mailer, and Mariners, of the Ship Robert Galley,taken 1 a May 1729:

Copy of the Affidavit ef James Wimble, concerning his'/Loffesby the Spaniards, October 14,1737; Copy of the Affidavit of Murrey Crymble, October 31,

x737:

Translation of a Letter from the Governor of Porto Rico to General Mathew, Governor of the Iweward JJlands, Sept. -An 1734.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Escurial, 061. 44,1737; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mons. de la Quadra to Mr.

Keene, 061. -Ac, 1737, and Translation.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of

NeiocaJlU, Escurial, 1737; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to Mons. de la Quadra, 061. 4-4, 1737, and Translation.

Extract

i 5* Mattii. 1737.

Spanish De^ predations in American Seas.

Extract of aXetter from Mr. iTmrff to the Dukeof Newcastle, Ejcurial, 1737; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to Mons. de la Quadra, ^777 1737, and Translation.

Ext raft of a Letter from the Duke of to Mr. Keene, November 24, 1737.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Efcuridl, Nov. VT, 1737.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Escurial, Nov. 44, 1737.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of

Nov. ai.

1737; inclosing.

Newcastle, Madrid,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to Mons. de la Quadra, Nov. 44, 1737, and Translation.

Copy of a Letter from Mons. de la Quadra, Nov.

44, 1737*to Mr. Keene, and Translation.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Madrid, Dec. 1737; inclosing. Copy of a Memorial, accompanying the Proofs and Documents, presented to Mons la Quadra, re-

lating to the Depredations in America, — 1737, and Translation:

Copy of a Letter from Mons. de la Quadra to Mr.

Keene,

Nor %x. t>tc. 3

>737

and Translation.

Cppy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to Mons. de la

Nov. 2$.

and Translation:

2uadra>&ZT 1737*

Copy of a Letter from Mons de la Quadra to Mr.

Keene, 1737, and Translation:

Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, December igth, 1737.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. to the Dukeof Newcastle, Madrid, Dec. 44, 1737 ;inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mont, de la Quadra to Mr.

Keene, Dec. tV, 1737, and Translation.

Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, Jan. 7, 1737-8.

f Copy of a Letter from the Marquis de Torre Nueva to the Governor and Captain General of the Island of Cuba, and City of the Havana, Dec.-fr, 1737, and Translation; inclosing, Copy of the Declaration signed by the Bri-

t{/h and Spanish Ministers, the^j^-' 1731-2, and Translation:

Copy of a Letter from the Marquis de Torre Nueva to the Governpr of Porto Rico, Dec. *737, and Translation:

Copy of the King of Spains Cedula for the Hefiitqtion of the St. James, John Curtis, Master, directed to the Governor of Porto _ Rico, Dec. 1737, and Translation. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, ,737-«.

Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, Jan, 26th, 1737-8,

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Dukeof

B

a

a

<f!

OCX ">

E-J

fji

-a

*4>

O

4)

AS

Newcastle, Jan. 1737-8.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, Feb. id, 1737-8; inclosing.

Copy of Captain Way's Letter to Messrs Drake, Pennant, and Long-, Havana, AugufiW, 1737. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Netvcq/He, Madrid, Jan. 44, 1737-8.

Copy of a Memorial of the Merchants interested in, and trading to, his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, received Feb. gth, 1737-8. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke

of Newcastle, Madrid, 7^77' 1737-8.

Extract of a Letter from Consul Coley, to the Duke of Newcastle, Cadiz, Jan.44, 1737-8.

Copy of a Letter from Captain Philip to Peter de la Mont, in London, dated Aug. 11, 1737.

*5

Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, Mar. 2d and 3d, 1737-8; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Francis Mvfgrave, Jan. 2 2d,

1737*8:

Copy of a Letter from John Petiti on to Mr. John Lucas, Cadiz, Feb. 1 ft 1737-8:

Copy of a Letter from Luke JCadiz, Feb. 6th, 1737-8.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Feb, 44, 1737-8; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to Mons. de la Quadra, Feb. t7t» 1737-8, and Tr.mflation.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of

Newcastle, 1737*8; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mons. de la Quadra, Feb. 4 t,

1737-8, and Translation.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Proper Officers do lay before this Dutvwi House a Copy of the Levant Company’s Petition, relat- Smyrna

ing to the Duty on Smyrna Ratlins, with the Commissioners of the Custoins Report thereupon, and Papers annexed thereto.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay Duty ou before this House, an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duty on wrought Plate, from lft June a 1720, to Midsummer 1737; distinguishing each Year.

A Petition of the Wardens and Assistants, and the Lawsrefpcft-rest of the Company of Cordwainers, in the Town of ingtauned Shrewsbury,in the County of Salop, whose Names are Leather-#thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many other Manufacturers of Leather, inhabiting the said Town; and of many other Cordwainers, and other Manufacturers of Leather, living in the neighbouring Market Towns,.Villages, &c. in the said County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth.

That the Petitioners find, by the Votes of this House, that a Petition hath been lately presented by the Curriers of the City of London, and some other Dealers in Leather, therein complaining, that should they be hindered from cutting and felling Leather, Hides, and Skins, in such Pieces and Parcels as they should think proper, it would be highly injurious and oppressive to them, and great Numbers of his Majesty’s industrious subjects; and praying the Consideration of the House; and that Leave might be given to them to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the several Statutes now in Force, and mentioned in their said Petition: And therefore repre-fenting to the House, that not otily the Curriers in and about the Town of Shreivsbury, and other Towns, Villages and Places within the said County of Sabp, Imt al-fofevefal others of them, living in other Cities, Towns,

Boroughs, and other ^Places of this Kingdom, have, for many Years past, endeavoured tofupplantthe Petitioners Trade, and monopolize the Leathern Manufacture to themselves, not only by buying up all Sorts of Leather, which they do not, nor can, manufacture, but all’o by cutting and felling the same in such small Quantities and Parcels, as will only make a Angle Pair of Shoes, Slippers, Clogs, or other such small Article, as well to Journeymen Shoemakers, Clogmakers, and other Journeymen and Workmen in the said Leather Manufacture, who are not Mailers or Freemen of any of the said Trades, to make up into Wares, as also to any other Person whatsoever that will buy the fame, in order to be made up by such the said Journeymen; and thereby such Journeymen are encouraged to work, in a clandestine manner, for their Mailers Customers, when they might fully and conllantly be employed by their said Mailers; and, by that means, the Mailers Work is not only laid afideand neglected, bnt Customers disappointed, and oftentimes the Mailers Goods changed, at the Pleasure of such the said Journeymen, to the great Detriment of the said

Mailers,

v -


11 Gfco. II. 15* Martii jpj

Mailers, by canting their Custbihers to leave their Shops: And that the Petitioners apprehend, that a farther Explanation of the said Statutes, or Extension of the Laws how in being, and a further Liberty thereby to be given to the Curriers, to cut and fell all Sorts ofl-eather, Hides, and Skins, in such small Quantities and Parcels as before mentioned, without any Restriction, or other Liberty, than is by the said Statutes already granted, will tend to the utter Ruin of the said Petitioners, and other Manufacturers of Leather, and many Thousands of poor People, who get their Livelihood under them, and the Vert, of the Cordwainers and Manufacturers of Leather in this Kingdom: And therefore praying. That the House will take the Premises into mature Consideration; and that the said Petitioners may have Leave to be heard, either by themselves, or Counsel, what they have to offer against the Allegations contained in the Curriers said Petition, at such Time, and in such Manner, as the House shall please to appoint} or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the said Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

L*orsre(pc&» A Petition of several Master Cordwainers, living jcgtauued within the Town of Birmin, in the County of War- *' trick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and all others of the same Trade or Pro-session, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Trade or Occupation of the Cordwainers of this Kingdom hath, for several Years, been encroached upon by the Curriers, by their cutting of Leather into Pieces, contrary to the Laws yet in being, till of late deterred from such Practice, by several Prosecutions carried on with Success against some of them: That the cutting of Leather by Curriers, and their felling the same in Pieces, hath been found veiy injurious to the Trade of the Petitioners, and other Master Cordwainers; for their Journeymen or Servants, whoseldotn work in their Mailers Shop, have thereby had constant Opportunities of defrauding their Mailers, by buying Leather from the Curriers, of lefsValue than the Leather put into their Hands by their Mailers to be worked; or converted by such Journeymen, and uling the same instead of their Mailers Leather, which they privately convert to their own Use, to the great Damage, as well of the Customers, as of the Trade of the Petitioners, and other Mailer Cordwainers: That the Petitioners have been informed, that the Curriers had applied to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for impowering them to cut and fell Leather in any Town or Corporation in England: And that the Petitioners apprehend, that, by the Palfing of such a Bill into a Law, the Cutting of Leather, which is reasonably secured to the Cordwainers by the present Laws, will be almost monopolized by the Curriers; and the Trade of the Petitioners, and all other Cordwainers within Eng, very much damaged; and that many Hundred Families, who now subsist by the Help thereof, will be in great Danger of being totally impoverished: And therefore praying that the Petitioners may have Leave to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of the Curriers, and other Dealers in Leather, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, is referred; who are to examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the Hojlife.

Prohibition Ordered, That the Bill to explain and amend an Act,

of Stuff passed in the 7th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Button*, Sec. King George, intituled, An Act for employing the Manufacturers, and encouraging the Consumption of raw Silk and Mohair Yarn, by prohibiting the wearing of Buttons and Button-holes made of Cloth, Serge, or other Stuffs, and making the same more effectual, be read a Second time, upon Friday Morning next.

Vou 23.

Mr. Robert Ruck's presented to the House, according Marshall’s to Order, a Bill to impower the present Trustees, under F?"l'J*‘loa the lull Will ahdTellament of John Marshall Gentleman, church, deceased, to lay out a certain Sum of Money, now in surry; their Hands, for pulling down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Christ Church, in the County of Surrf); and for inclosing a Piece of Ground, lately purchased, for enlarging the Church-yard belonging to the said Church:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, Ifhat the Order of the Day for resuming the Payment adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Com- °* mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more eft'eftual securing the Payment of Rents, and preventing Frauds by Tenants, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to impower Landlords or Leffors, in the Day-time, to break open and enter into any Place locked up, fattened, or otherwise secured, wherein Goods and Chattels, fraudulently or clandeliinely carried away by Tenants, shall be put; and to seize, for Arrears of Rent, such Goods and Chattels.

And the said Clause was twice read, and amended.

Then the said Clause was, upon the Queliion put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to oblige Tenants, who, after having given Notice of*

,their Intention to quit the Premises by them holden, at a certain Time, shall not accordingly at such Time deliver up Possession, to pay an additional Rent from thence^ forward.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks $ which were filled up; and the Clause amended.

Then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

And the said Clause was once read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House; Call of tb« being read j House.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till Friday Seven night.

Ordered, That no Member do presume to go out of Town without Leave of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- inroiment ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of Papifis House, upon the Bill for allowing further Time for Deed# tod Inroiment of Deeds and Wills made byPapifts; and for Relief of Protestant Purqhafers, Devisees, and Lessees.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Atsans. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

B b Ordered,

4 I5° — 16

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the

Land Tax. whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1738, was committed, be received upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 16° die Martii;

Anno it* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1737.

Pit AYERS.

BedmoreFen \ BILL for the effectual Draining and Preservation Drainage, v\. of certain Fens, called Fen, and

Redmore, and One Piece of Fen Ground called the Holts, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. heard, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Longueville, Sir Chr. Powell, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Ord, Sir Nathanael Mr.

by, Mr. Ojbaldeston, Sir Robert Monro, Sir James Grant, Mr. Rosse, Mr. Glanvilie, Mr. Smith, Mr. Crofft, Dr. Lee, Mr. Bold, Lord Robert Montagu, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hervey, Sir Robert Clifton, Mr. Wardour, Mr. Foley, Mr.

tvatt, Mr. Wyndham, Sir Thomas Mr. Lejlie, Mr. Chamberlain, Mr. Ptamer, Sir Thomas Clarke, Mr (and, Mr. Smelt, Mr. Gore, Colonel Campbell, Mr. Turner, Sir Charles Gilmour, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Henry Finch, Colonel Duckett, Mr. Owen, Captain Ozoen, Sir Hum. Hmvarth, Mr. Brad/haw, Mr. , Mr. Whit-

inore. Sir Thomas Saunderfon, Mr. Mr. For,

Mr Yorke, Mr. Brodie, Mr. Wode house, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Tower, bir.Pigolt, Mr. Ifedivorth, Lord John Murray, Mr. Mr. Neale, Mr. Gybbon,

Mr. Hacks, Sir John KaMr. P (umpire, Mr.

Roll, Mr. Maijter, Mr. Sir and

all t he Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge tmd Lincoln r And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Belief of Mr. Alderman IVillimott reported from the Commit-fti ip wreck ed tee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and others, Mariners at Gf the City of Lornbn, trading to Genoa, was referred,

Genoa. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the faitl Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the , Clerk’s 'fable; where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, in pursuance of the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, in order to prove the Allegations thereof,

Mr. Thomas Godfrey, Captain Robert Rogers, Captain Robert Saunders, and Captain JolmThomas, were called; who, being severally examined, said, That it was cuf-toniary for the British Merchants and Factors, residing in several Port6 of Portugal, Spain, and Italy, to raise annually among themselves Sums of Money towards defraying the common and ordinary Ekpence* in Support of their Privileges, the Relief of the diipwreckod and otherwise diltressed Mariners, and for other pious and charitable Uses.

That the British Merchants, residing at , had

accordingly, from a Seufe and Experience of the Cfeful-n^(s of the said Practice, raised Sums of Money, and applied the same to the Purposes aforesaid; but that the Number of Ships coming to the Port of Genoa, and, with them, the Objects of Relief, were, of late Years, so i . , . greatly increased, that it was irnpofiibleto raise Money adequate to such an Increase of Expence, by voluntary Contributions.

They further said, That the Inability in the' British

Martii. 1737*

Merchants to raise such Sums of Money, was attended with particular llardships to the Factory, as well as prejudicial to the Pnbliqk in general; for that the Spaniards were always at Work to seduce the English Sailors to their Service; and tlwit many of them were accordingly got over into the Spenish Service, merely because there was a Want of Relief among their own Countrymen j and their NecefiUy therefore obliged them to embrace it, where they first could get it: A particular Ioftance of this was given by

Captain John Thomas; who said, That, in the Year 1719, be was taken by the Spaniards, and carried to Genoa -, and that Four of his Sailors, for Want of necessary Relief at Genoa, voluntarily entered on board the Privateer that took him.

Mr. Thomas Godfrey then produced to the Committee, a Letter from the British Consul, Merchants, and Factors, residing at Genoa, to himself and others, signifying their unanimous Desire to obtain an Act of Parliament, to enable them to raise Money for the publick Uses^and Services aforesaid; and their Hope, from the Goodness of his Majesty, and that of a British Parliament, that they should meet with the Favour and Indulgence that other Factories had met with.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for collecting at the Port of Genoa, in Italy, certain small Sums of Money, for Relief of Mariners fliipwreeked and taken inWar, and other distressed Persons, his Majesty’*

Subjects, and for other pious and charitable Uses: And that Mr. Alderman IVillimott and Mr. Guljbn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Captain Robert Jenkins do attend this A Perfo* House immediately. ordered t»

J attend.

Sir Francis Child prefenled to the House, according Frauds ia to Order, a Bill for the better preventing of Frauds and GoldandSl-Abuses in Gold and Silver Wares; And the same was verWafe*r received; and read the First time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mailers, Workmen, Graziers, and riandeftion other Persons, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, in the County of Huntingdon, and Parts adjacent, in be- " ttoL half of them lei vea, and all other Persons concerned io the said Manufacture, throughout Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the pernicious Practice of running great Quantities of Wool, from Great Britain and Ireland, into foreign Parts; the Laws made to prevent the same having hitherto proved ineffectual: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and provide such Remedy against a PrnCtice which is so destructive to the Trade and luterell of the Nation, a* to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of BryanBlundel, Henry Edward Spanish

Trafford, John Hughes, and JamesBMerchants, I)ePrwl*Uo* on behalf of ihemselves, and Captain now J^tDer,c*"

at Sea, Owners of the Afary Snow, of Liverpool, Burden Ninety Tone, whereof the said William Benson was Commander, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, on the 8th of October 1730, which was about Two Years after the Pacification between the Crowns of Great Britain and Spain was actually agreed upon, and

likewise notified to their respective Governments in th*

West Indies, the said Ship, as (lie was proceeding on her Voyage, withProvisionsand other Merchandizeon board, from Cork toJamaica,w&6 taken,twenty Leagues distant from any of the Spanish Dorn in ions in the Indies, by a SpanishGuarda la Cojla, contrary, as the Petit ioners presume, to the I.aws of Nations, and the Treaties fohfifting between the TwoCrowns; and that the said Captain&W-J'on, and his Ship’s Crew, being (tripped of the said Ship and Cargo, to the Value of £.3,748. i$r. 6d. Jamaica Money, and alto of One Copper Still, and Three Boxes

of


ii Geo. II.

16° Mar til

S>5

ipf Medicines, which coil £.36 14/. 1 \d. Sterling Money, Copy of an Order to Captain Commander it>

besides Interest thereof, for upwards of Seven Years, the Chief of his Majesty’s Ships at dated the 26th

fa id Captain Berjon, and his Snip’s Crew, were turned of March 1736: And also,

into their Long Boat, and left to the Mercy of the Waves, Extract of a Letter from Captain Commander

to fhifl for themselves; and tl\e said Ship and Cargo were In Chief of his Majesty’s Ships at Jamaica, dated tl.tJ parried into Par to Rico .* And that the said William Ren- of November 173(1 t And also,

Jon, soon after landing at St. Chnjlo/dier's, went thence Copy of a Letter f'roryi the Secretary of the South Sen

immediately to Jamaica-, and, in behalf of himself and Company to Sir. dated the I0t.b of December

the Petitioners, applied to Admiral Stewart, who was 1736; inclosing,

.1 — r* — 1 — m.:~r-r 1.:- ei.: — ~r Extract of a T^etter from the South Sea Company’s

Factors at dated the 23d of July 17361

And also,

An Account of the Murder of Captain Thomas Weir; from an Inhabitant of Sancta Martha: Together with

then Commander in Chief of his Majesty’s Ships of War, then stationed there, for Relief; who font his Ma+

jesty's Sh i p the Experiment, Ca pt ai n Henry ReCom*

mairder, with the said William Rettfon on Board, to Porio

Rico, in order to demand the Restitution of the said Ship and Cargo; and that, accordingly, the said Captain Red- a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, tQ whom the Petition of divers Merchants, Planters, and others, trading to and interested in the British Plantations in America, on behalf of themselves, a.nd man/

others, is referred.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, Prohibiten of the City of Coventry, in behalf of the Manufacturers of Stair of raw Silk and Mohair Yarn, and of woven Buttons Button*»ic'

dish, upon his Arrival there, sent a Letter, dated the 31st «f January 1730, O. S. unto the Governor of Porto Rico, demanding Beftjjntion of the said Ship and Cargo, and setting forth the Illegality of the said Capture; and that the said Governor gave an immediate, though evasive, Answer to the fame; w hereupon the said Captain Reddish wrote another I.e tier, dated the id of February 1^30, in much tlronger Terms; and therein inclosed the Copy of the Declaratory Sentence of the Judge of his

Mu.jeffy’s Vice Admiralty Court of Jamaica,relating to

the Capture of the said Ship and Cargo; and referring to aCopyof such Letters and Declaratory Sentence annex- and Button-holes, and of the Trailers and Dealers there* ed the said Petition; And further setting forth, That In, in and about the City of Coventry, was p re fen ted notivitbflanding the said William Rerjbn had the Sjorti- to the House, and read; setting forth, That in case the fication to fee the said Ship at Porto Rico aforesaid, anti Bid now depending before this House, for theexplain-wa9 ready to prove the Capture illegal j and although ing and amending an Act, passed in the Seventh Year the said Captain Reddish made such Demand as afore* of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, mentioned; yet the Petitioners, or the said William Ren- for employing the Manufacturers, and encouraging Jim,could never regain the said ship or Cargo, or any Part the Consumption, of raw Silk and Mohair Yarn, by thereof, or procure any manner of Satisfaction for tha prohibiting the Wearing of Buttons and Button-hole? fame: And farther setting forth, That afterwards, to made of Cloth, Serge, or other Stuffs, should pass into wjt, the same Year 1730, the Petitioners made Appliea- a Law, it will prevent great Numbers of his Majesty’s tion to this House, in order to be redressed in the Pre- Subjects, Citizens and Inhabitants of that City and mises; and the Mate and Carpenter of the said Ship County, manufacturing woven Buttons and Button* were examined at the Bar of this House, an«i thereupon hole? made of raw Silk, Mohair Y arn, and other Ma* several Papers were produced, and, as they have been terials, whereby they now maintain themselves and Fa*1 informed, left in the Custody of this House, fully proving miiies, and will be a means to reduce them to extreme the Illegality of the said Capture; but, although his Poverty (every other Branch of the Weaving Trade Majesty was thereupon graciously pleased to use his being greatly dimiuished amongst them, and they hav-Royal Endeavours to procure Satisfaction at the Court ing no oilier Way of getting a Livelihood), and, as the ef Spain lor the Petitioners great Loss, yet the same have Petitioners conceive, will be injurious to the Publick, hitherto proved altogether jneffectual; and that the Pe- as well as to the Dealers in the said Manufactures:

titioners observing, that there have been several Petitions of the like Nature presented to this House, thought *t not improper to crave again the Aid and Assistance of the House in this unfortunate Affair: And therefore praying; That this House would he pleased to take the Pretnifes into farther Consideration, and grant such Relief therein a6 to the House shall seem meet.

And the Copy of the Letters and Declaratory Sentence, referred to in the said Petition, and annexed to the fame, being read;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of divers Merchants, Planters, and others, trading to, and interested in the British Planta- his Majesty’sSubjectsare employed and maintained; and tions in America, on behalf of themselves and many that the Trade of these Parts has, for a course of Years, " others, is referred. been greatly obit rafted by the Depredations of the Spa-

M.n.r.fturc Sir John Ramfdtn presented to the House, according Sljf' yioteotly attacked

to Order, a Bill for the better regelating the Manuferi v"1 bo3r<i8d in the lawful Course of the,r

tore of narrow Woollen Cloths in the West Riding of Vo?aRes- t«d >hem.

And therefore praying the Houfis to take the Prernife* into Consideration; and that the said Manufacturers may be heard by tivemselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, till the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Merchants in G trading to the spftaUk d*. Brit iJhV\ontat\ous'm America, in behalf of themselves and predation* many etbers,was presented to the House, and read-, setting ge£*w'cwl forth, That t he American Colonies, particularly the W$ ea9‘

India Islands, are the principal Mercat for the Maim. fastures of this Country; whereby many Thousands of

Spanish De-preriat tons in American Seas.

with their Effects, to the great Loss and Damage of the unhappy Sufferers, and tho Disconragement of the Trade and Manufactures of that Part of the Island and repre-1'enting to the House, That, notwithstanding his Ma-

the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Charles Wager presented to the House, pursuant jesty’s"most gracious Interposition, the Spaniards, so far to their Address to his Majesty, Copy of a Letter from from repairing the former Lftlcs, (till continue the same Captain Dent, Commander in Chief of his Majesty’s Practices; and, particularly, last Year, have carried their Ships at Jamaica, dated the 10th of December 1735, to Jnfults to a greater Height than ever, by Hopping, plun- Mr. Burchett; inclosing the dering, and seizing fipverai Ships belonging to his Ma-

Translation of a Letter from the Governor of Cuba, jesty’s Subjects, in the destined Course of their Voyages dated the 14 th of December 1735, to Captain to and from the ^r//(/AColonies, condemning them, with

u,ltv u l,v' a hi vi xyeitmiH, / 1

Durett, of a Guarda Coda: And also, Vol. a3.

their Loadings, amounting to a considerable Value; and

by

16* Martii. A. 1737-

by treating cruelly and inhumanly the Captains or Matters of some of these Ships, with their Crews, contrary to the Laws of Nations, and in manifest Violation of the Treaties subsisting between the Two Crowns; and that, by these arbitrary Proceedings, the Trade and Navigation to and from America is rendered very unsafe and precarious; insomuch that the Insurance from Jamaica is greatly risen on these Accounts only; a Charge which that Trade, in its present low State, is altogether unable to bear; and that, without a speedy and effectual Remedy, the American Trade and Navigation will be, together with the Revenue arising therefrom, very much dirainished, if not entirely loft; and that any Nation’s assuming the Power of rumaging and detaining Ships, at their Pleasure, upon their lawful Voyages in the American Seas, is, in effect, as the Petitioners apprehend, claiming and exercising the foie Sovereignty of those Seas, and an high Indignity to the Honour of the British Nation; and that the irifulting the Persons, and plundering the Properties, of his Majesty’s Subjects, as the Petitioners conceive, is, and will be, attended w’ith Consequences very fatal to Great Britain: And therefore praying the House to consider the Premifes, and to give such Remedy as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of'Divers Merchants, Planters, and others, trading to and interested in the British Plantations in America, on behalf of themselves, and many others, is referred.

Removal of Mr. Drummond presented to the House, according to Douglas Order, a Bill to enable William Douglas, eldest lawful reason oT ^on to Sir Robert Douglas of , Baronet, to sue.

Attainder. or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his , Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by

reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or 'perform! Estate that may have defeended or come to him, fmee his late Majesty’s most gracious Pardon, dated the 6th Day of February, in the Sixth Year of his Reign, or that shall hereafter defeend or come to him: And the same was received; and read the First time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Answer to Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Addref*. Address otTuefday last, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to be laid before this House, a Copy of the Treaty between Great Britain and Spain, for accommodatingDifferences, preventingDepre-dations, and settling a Peace, in America, concluded at Madrid, July 8, 1670, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Regulating Mr. Cholmondeley reported from the Committee to the Cheese whom the Petition offeveral Gentlemen and Land-owners ra e* of and in the County Palatine of Chester, on behalf of themselves and their Tenants, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matterof the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table-: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz. The Committee have, in pursuance of the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition: And, in order to prove the Allegations thereof, Benjamin Bruen Esquire, John Rigley, and Richard Lamb, were called: Who, being severally examined, said, That very great inconveniencies and Losses arose to the Farmers from the present manner of Dealing with Factors for Cheese; for that the Factors generally make their Contracts in such a private and clandestine manner, that the Farmers cannot prove the fame; so that the Factors weigh the Cheese, take it away, and pay for it when they please; and the Farmer, though he has agreed on particular times for those Purposes, has it not in his Power tocompel a Performance thereof; and that, though the Factors agree to weigh the Cheese at a particular 18

time, itistifual for them to exceed that time feveraf Months, and the Cheese, in the mean time, loies very much in the Weight, which turns to the very great Loss of the Farmer:

And they further said, That, though the Factors agree to take the Cheese away at a particular time, it is usual for them to exceed that time several Months; and, by reason of the Contract, the'Farmer cannot dispose of the Cheese to any other Person; and if, in the mean time, the Price of Cneefe drops, it is usual for the Factors to leave upon the Hands of the Farmer a great Part of the Cheese contracted for; pretending, that it is damaged; as perhaps sometimes it may; but that, if it had been taken away at the time agreed on, such Damage would have been either prevented, or, if not prevented, would have been the Loss of the FaCior, and not of the — Farmer.

They also said, That, though the Factor agrees on a particular time to pay for the Cheese, he frequently exceeds his time several Months, vv hereby the Farmer fullers very much, and the Landlord is kept out of his Rent.

They further said. That the Factors frequently deal beyond their Commission; and that the Farmers know not One in Twenty of the Mongers for whom the Factors deal; and that many Farmers have been ruined, and others have sustained very great Losses, thereby.

They likewise said, That the Contracts are seldom or never reduced into Writing, and are made in such a private manner, that it is impossible for the Farmer to prove the fame; who therefore is without Remedy: But that/ they apprehend, it would greatly tend to remedy the said inconveniencies, if the Contracts were always reduced into Writing, and the Factors obliged to declare what Mongers they acted for.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Cheese Trade in the several Counties of England and Wales: And that Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr.

Wat kin Williams Wynne, Mr. LeveJ'on Gower, Colonel Cholmondeley, Mr. Crave, Mr. Brereton, and Sir Walter Bagot, do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

Mr. Hooper reported from the Committee who were Expiring appointed to inspect what Laws are expired, or near ex- Law*, piring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued, That they had inspected the Laws accordingly; and come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames, which was to be in Force, from the First Day of June 1733, for and during the Space of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seffioif of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, which was to be in Force, from the 24th

Day of June 1733, for the Space of Five Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, passed in the Fifth Year dfhis present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty’s Plantations in America, which was to be in Force from the 25th Day of March 1735, to the 25th Day of March 1739, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The First of the said Resolutions, being read a Second time, was agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Hooper, Sir Charles

Wager,

it FS


ii Geo. II. 16° — 170 Mar Hi. 97

Wager, and Sir John Nori'is, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Two other Resolutions be poli-poned.

Befolution* The Declaration of the House, of the 10th Day of r Spelling March 1734, " That no Member is to keep any Place kee'liT" 'n ^ie House, by Book, Glove, Paper, or otherwise.

Place*? " till after Prayers, and then only for himself," was

read.

And the Resolution and Declaration of the House, of the 13th Day of the same Month, That the said Declaration of the House, of the 10th Day of March 1734, does not extend to a Member who takes a Place by

" and for himself only, before Prayers, and leaves a

Book, Glove, Paper, or other Mark of the fame, provided such Member be at Prayers," was also read.

Removing The Lord John Murray presented to the House, ac-atfi St> cordingto Order, a Bill to enable John Nairn to sue, or Attainder, maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate, that may or shall hereafter descend or come to him: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Deeping Ordered, That Sir Geo. Champion, Mr. Stephenson, Ftn» Mr. Kevell, Lord Wm. Manners, Mr. Mr. He-

ramage. ?07?> Mr. Price, Sir Robert Mr. Bramfion, Mr.

Lindefay, Siryfr. Forbes, Colonel Anjiruther, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Adventurers, Owners, and Proprietors, of the Taxable Lands and Deeping Fens, in the County of is referred.

Spanish The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

tkms^Ame- re^ve Hlelf into a. Committee of the whole House, to licaaSeag. consider of the Petition of divers Merchants, Planters, and others, trading to, and interested in, the British Plantations in America, in behalf of themselves, and many others;

Ordered, That the several Papers Yesterday presented to the House, relating to the Spanish Depredations upon the British Subjects, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Extract of the Treaty of Peace, between Spain and the United Provinces of the L010 Countries, made, at Munjler, 30th Jan. 1648, Articles 5 and 6, presented to the House the 22d Day of February 1726, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Translation of the said Extract, then likewise presented to the House, be referred to the faicl Committee.

Ordered, That the several Papers presented to the House, the Ninth Day of this instant March, relating to Applications for warlike Stores from his Majesty’s Plantations in America, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into thesaid Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Perry took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Perry reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined several Witnesses, touching the Matter referred to the Committee; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Ditto. Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of divers Merchants, Planters, and others, trading to, and interested in, the British Plantations in America.

And then the House ad journed till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock

Vol. 23.

Veneris, 17* die Mar tit

Anno ii* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1737.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Wardens or Keepers, t,»ws re-and Commonalty, of the worlhipful Company of *P*?t*n® ‘an* Sadlers, of the City of London, was presented to the ne eat ttm House, and read; representing to the House, That, in carrying on their Trade, they find a great Convenience and Advantage in being supplied by the Curriers with such Parts of Hides and Skins as are most fit for the Petitioners Use; the different Parts of one and the same Hide and Skin being fit for distinA Purposes, and seldom worked up by One Artificer; and that, in case the Curriers should be restrained from cutting and felling Hides and Skins in such Pieces and Parcels as are most fit for the particular Purposes of the Petitioners, and to serve their immediate Occasions,it will not only tend to the manifest Injury and Opprelfion of the Petitioners, but also to many others of his Majesty’s Subjects; for by such Restraint, the Saddles will not be so good for the Wearer, and mult necessarily be much enhanced in the Price: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that they may have such Relief therein as to the House shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition ' of the Curriers, and other Dealers in Leather, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and many others, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr Sandysreported from the Committee, to whom Worcester

the Bill for rebuilding the Church of the Parish of All Saints, in the City of Worcester,was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, oue by oue; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was ..... by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed, that Mr. Cark^/fe, Se- Duties on cretary to the Commissioners of the Customs, attended Smyrna at the Door; Rsulins*

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of the Petition of the Levant Company to the Lords of the Treasury, praying the Duties on Smyrna Raisins may be lowered: And also.

Copy of a Report from the Commissioners of the Customs, on the referred Petition of the Levant Company, praying the Duties on Smyrna Raisins may be lowered: And also.

Copy of a Certificate of several Merchants, Grocers, and others. That there has been very little Difference in the Prices of Smyrna or Denia Raisins: And also,

Copy of the Spanish Merchants Memorial, That Smyrna Fruit generally fells here for more than and Denia: And also,

Copy of a Memorial of the Levant Company, to prove. That Smyrna Raisins do not fell for more than those of Alicant, and Denia: And also, 0

An Account of the Quantity of Smyrna Raisins imported annually for three Years, ending at Christmas 1724; as likewise the like Account for Three Years, ending at Christmas 1735.

And then lie withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

C c . Ordered,

17* Martii. A. 1737*

Linens ex* Dotted from Scotland.

BWer Lea Navigation, &c.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Bowles, Agent for the Commi(boners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of tish Linen exported from Scotland, from Christmas 1724 to Christmas 1736.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Mem Iters of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Thomas Clarke reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Hertford; and of the Inhabitants of the Town of Ware, in the County of Hertford-, and of several Farmers, Maltsters, and Barge Owners, living in or near the said Towns, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and several Hundred of other Persons, redding near to, and concerned in the Navigation, on the River Lea, running from Hertford to Ware, and from thence to the River of Thames, near the City of London; and of the Governor and Company of the River,

brought from Chadwell and A to London; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And to prove the Allegations thereof, the Petitioners Agents laid before the Committee,

An Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, for the Bringing of the River of Lea to the North Side of the City of London-, and also, an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, for the Bringing in of a fresh Stream of running Water to the North Part of the City of London-, and also One other Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of the said King James, for Explanation of thelaft-mentioned Statute; which Aftswereread:

And by the first-mentioned Act, a Power, is given to the Lord Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens, of the City of London,to begin and continue the Laying out of such convenient l imits of Ground, for the Making of a Trench for the said River, at such Breadth, and in such Manner, as is and are particularly described in and by the said Act: And a Power is by the said Act given to the Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, for the Time being, at the Request of the said Lord Mayor, Com-xponalty, and Citizens of the said City, to appoint and authorize, by Comnyfiion under the Great Seal, Sixteen Commissioners; Four to be of the City of,

and the other Twelve to be of the Counties adjoining to the River of Lea -, viz. Four of every of the Shires of Essex, Middlesex, and Hertford, or some of them, not being Citizens of London, using the Trade of Merchandize; which Sixteen Commissioners, or the more Number of them, had thereby full Power and Authority to treat, agree, and compound, with such Num-Jbers of Freeholders and Inhabitants of the said Counties, as to them should seem meet and convenient, for the fcouffhg, cleoofing, repairing, and keeping, the River Lea, from fuph Place where the new River or Cut should have tire Beginning, to the Town of Ware, in such fort, as that the same should be navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels;

And, by the Second Act before-meatioped, a Power *9

is given to the Lord Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, of London, and their Successors, to make a new d rench for conveying Water from Chadwell and to the

City of London-, and to maintain the same when made; And that they might, from time to time, flop all Breaches at their own Charges, and sufficiently maintain them and make a Recompence to the Party or Parties grieved, for the Damages they should sustain by such Breaches; And that the new Cut, Stream, or River, when fmiflied, should be subject to the Commission of Sewers; and the Scouring, Cleansing, Amending^ and Conservatiou of the new River or Cut, should be at the only Cost and Charges of the Mayor, Citizens, and Commonalty, of the City of London:

And, by the Act, of the Fourth of King James, the Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, were further empowered to make a Trunk or Vault in the Earth of Brick or Stone, not exceeding Ten Feet in Breadth, for the Passage of the Water from Chadwell and Amwell to London-, which they were for. ever to maintain and preserve.

Then the Committee proceeded to examine Witnesses; and

Mr. Bojlock Toller, being called, said, That he appeared as Agent for the Petitioners the Corporation and Inhabitants of the Town of Hertford, and also for the Inhabitants of the Town of Ware, and for the Navigators on the River Lea-, and that he, about Five Years ago, was directed by those Petitioners, to inquire what Right the New River Company had to take so large a Quantity of Water out of the River Lea, as they con-flantly did; and, about Two Years and an Half since, he came to the Knowledge of the fame.

He produced, and laid before the Committee, a Copy of an Order of Council, bearing Date the 2 2d Day Of Septembei' 1669; by which it appeared to the Committee, that several Disputes had formerly been between the New River Company, and the Maltsters and Barge-

mailers of Ware and Hertford, in relation to the Conveying of Water out of the River Lea into the New River; and the Matter in Difference between them having been laid before the King and Council in the Year 1607 and 1668, an Order, dated the 22d of September 1669, was made by the King and Council; a true Copy whereof was laid before the Committee; wherein it is recited.

That the Matter in difference between the Governor and Company of the Corporation of the New River, and the Maltsters and Barge-masters of Ware and Hertford, concerning the Conveyance of Water out of the River Lea into the New River, had, by Order of the 15th of that Month, been appointed to be heard the 2 2d of September 1669; and that the Parties concerned attending accordingly, and being called in with their Counsel, and Two several Reports (One signed by Six of the Referee?, to whom, among other things, the Matter in Difference had been, by Two several Orders of Council of the 16th of October 1667, and the 29th of July 1668, referred to settle the lame, if they could, or otherwise make report to that Board; the other signed by Fifteen Commissioners of the Sewers for the River Lea and the New River, residing in the County of Middlesex, to whom the same Matter had been also referred, by the Order of the 28th of August then last) being read, as also several Depositions of Witnesses, and other Evidences; and by hearing Counsel on both Parties, as also Counsel for the City of London,in behalf of the Navigation of the River

of Lea, and long Debate had thereupon;

His then Majesty, taking iutohis princely Consideration, as well the great Use and Benefit of the Navigation of the River Lea, not only to the City of London and County of Hertford, but also to the adjacent Counties, as the Necessity of l'upplying the City of London with the New River Water, was then graciously pleased,

in Council, to order.

That the Governor and Company of the New River should take away the great Pipes then lying in the River

Lea, and, inllead thereof, should lay Two ieffer Pipes,

the

11 Geo. II.

17* Mar til

the one of Eight and the other of Six Indies Bore, at or near the Places where the great Pipes lay; and to place and contrive them, that they might be constantly served with Water to supply the New River: And if, upon Trial, it should be found, that the Water in the River Lea would not always rife high enough to 611 the said Pipes, that the Governor and Company might, and they were thereby authorized to set up and use a Turnpike, Jetty, or some other Device, to raise and force the Water to the Pipes, whereby they might be render* ed most useful to the New River; yet so, as might not cause Inundation of the Meadow-grounds adjoining, nor retard nor endanger the Vessels that should pass that Way: And thereof all Persons concerned were to take Notice, and to conform themselves thereunto accordingly, as they would answer the contrary at their Peril:

And Mr. Toller further said, That, when he had collected all the Facts together, he recommended it to the Inhabitants of the Towns of Hertford and Ware, and the Navigators, to take the Opinion of some eminent Coun-fel: Whereupon a same was dated; a Copy whereof was laid before the present Lord Chancellor, then his Majesty’s Attorney-general; and anotherCopy before the late Lord Chief Juliice Reeve -, and they both advised. That, as the same was a publick Concern, proper Application should be made to the Legidature; and, thereupon, he waited on the New River Company, from time to time, by Directions of the Persons he was concerned for, that an amicable Agreement might be entered into.

DoCtor Dejegulieis, being called, and examined, said, That, in August 173.5, he was Cent for into the Country, by the Navigators on the River Lea-, but did not know for what Purpose: That, whild he daid there, he measured the Gage, or new-made Indrument, belonging to the New River Company, through which the whole Water passed out of the River Lea-, and found that Indrument to measure Six Feet wide, and Two Feet deep, and the Top thereof to be 28 Indies above the Cill at the Water-house; and then he tneafured the Quantity of Water below the Gage, and found, that, it run about 2,400 Tuu in an Hour, with small Allowance for the Eddies: That, on the 28th of the same Month, he went down again; and, not truding to the 6rd Experiment, he then made several others, in presence of many Persons of the Towns of Hertford and Ware, and of one Mr. Mill,a Gentleman belonging to the New River

Company, who also made a Calculation; and that, aftermaking several large Allowances, He found the Quantity of Water, diverted or taken out of the said River, to be 2,100 Tun per Hour.

He also said, by the Pipes, which were directed to be laid down by the before-mentioned Order of Council, about 200 Tun of Water an Hour would be taken out of the River, the Surface of the Water being jud over the Pipes; but, if the Pipes were square, 250 Tun of Water per Hour would be taken out:

And he further said,' That the Fall of that River is very considerable; and, if a Coirtpensation was given for eroding of Locks, and making other Conveniences for the Navigation, not only that Quantity of Water which is now taken, but Half as much more might be taken without any Prejudice to the Navigation.

Mr. Thomas Petit and Mr. James Barge-

owners, being severally examined, said, That they had known the River Lea^ the one 45, and the other 47 Years; and that there is a great Difference in the Navigating of Boats and Barges now, than when they first used the River;

That formerly they navigated to and from London to . Ware, in a considerable less time than they now do, and at a much less Expence; and the Reason they gave, was because the Lock-keepers cat the Weeds, which makes 4he Waterto run quicker away, and thereby the River becomes more ih.allow; and great Quantities of Gravel and Stones being thrown into the River by the Weir-keepers and Millers at the Weirs, occasions so many Shoals, that they cannot now pais without paying, at Vol. 23.

99

the several Locks, for Flaibes of Water frequently in the foyer tea Summer Season, by reason great Quantities of Water are ^av^gatl0*< taken out of the River, for the Use of the New River. c’ Company; and, for those Reasons,theWitnesses said; that the Navigation is become very tedious and expensive.

They also said, The Owners of Boats and Barges, and Navigators, had raised amongd themselves the Sum of £. 3,000, which had been expended in removing of Shoals; which, if so large a Quantity of Water had not been taken away, and such Shoals thereby made, they should not have been at so great an Expence: And that, before the Weed6 were cut, and Gravel and Stones thrown into the River, the Boats and Barges, when they got below Waltham Abbey, were frequently towed to Old Ford, without any Obstruction, or the Affiilance of any Weirs; which cannot now be done.

And they likewise said, That there had been, in their Memory, Two Commissions of Seweis taken out, in re* lation to this Matter; and, during the time the Commissioners fat, and executed the Powers given them by those Commissions, the Navigation was carried on much easier, and at a less Expence, than at other times.

And they feveratly added to their Evidence, That if a Fund was established for removing the Shoals, and constant Commission of Sewer established, it would make a double Recompence for the Water now taken out of the River by the New River Company; and that the several Nnifances complained of would thereby be remedied, and such a Quantity of Water as is now taken out, be the better spared.

Mr. Toller, being again called, said. That the River Lea is divided into Two or Three Branches between the Towns of Hertford and Ware, and write again into One Stream a little below Ware Mill; That the ancietft and right Way of navigating Boats and Barges between the said Towns, was, and is, through One of the said Branches, called Manifold Ditch; but the Navigation is now carried on, and has been, for many Years past, rorough another Branch of the said River, called the Mill Stream, running to Mills, and from thence through a Lock or Cistern there, into the main Stream, running to Ware Bridge; but this Navigation is carried on by Agreement between the Navigators and the Owners of Ware Mill, but may be refused by the Owners of that Mill; and, if they Ihotild, the Navigators muff have recourse to their ancient and right Way, through Manifold Ditch; which will oblige the New River Company to pull up their Turnpike or Jetty erefited cross the fame, for conveying the Water they now take, which is now agreed they may take out of the said River Lea -, whereby the Company will be less able to supply the Cities of London and Westminster with the Quantity of Water they now do;

But, that the Company may be enabled to supply the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, the Company have agreed to purchase Ware Mills, and the Lock belonging to thfe fame, with the Stream of Water running to the fame1; and to declare, That! the Stream through the Lock there into the main River,shall be the indisputable right Way for navigating Boats and Barges, for the future, between Hertfordand Ware: And when the fanrie shall be so purchased and declared, the Navigators have; on their Part, agreed to reiintjoilh all their Right and Title to the Navigating of Boats and Barges through Manifold Ditch; by which the Company will hare the sole Use of the Turnpike or Jetty already erected; and will thereby be the better enabled to supply the said Cities of London and Wefminger, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof,

with good fresh Water.

Mr. Jasper Bull, Clerk to the New River Company, laid, That be had Directions from the general Court of that Company to attend, and acquaint the Committee,

That ihe Company had agreed to certain Proposals made to them; which were. That the Corporation of the Town of Hertford should have £.500 Premium, and per Annum, to commence from Michaelmas 1734$ and that the Sums of £. 1,000 Premium, and £. 300 per Annum,

were

ICO

Were to be for the Town of to commence from the same Time; and that the several Sums were to be paid to certain Trustees, for the Improvement of the Navigation only, on Condition that such a Quantity of Water was given to the New River Company out of the River Lea, as will pass through a Trough of Six Feet Wide, and Two Feet deep, if the same was confirmed by Act of Parliament.

It appeared to the Committee, That there has been a Navigation for Boats and Barges from the Town of Hertford to Ware Time out of Mind; but the Witnesses

said. That the Navigation was not always carried through the same Branch of the Riveras it is at this time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill or Bills for ascertaining, preserving, and improving, the Navigation of the River Lea, from the Town of Hertford to the Town of Ware, in the County of Hertford; and for preserving and improving the said River, from the said Town of Ware to the City of London; and for enabling the Governor and Company of the New River the better to supply the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, with good and wholesome Water: And that Sir Thomas Clarke, Mr.

Brajfey, Mr. William Plummer, and Mr. Walker, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, that Mr. , Ac-

comptant General of the Excise, attended at the Door }

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Money which was received by Excise upon Beer and Ale fold in Birmingham District, in the County of Warwick, from Midsummer 1710 to Mictsummer 1718; distinguisliingeach Year: And also.

An Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duty on wrought Plate, from ift June 1720 to x 737; distinguishing each Year.

' And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of Richard Grenville Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Ashenden, in the County of Bucks; the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of in the

University of Oxford, of King Henry the Eighth’s Foundation, and the Warden or Rector, and Scholars, of the College of the Blejfed Mary, and All Saints, Lincoln, in the said University of Oxford, commonly called Lincoln College, for themselves, and on behalf of other Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments, within the said Manor; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, the Petitioners called,

John Doget: Who being examined, said. That there were several common Fields and uninclosed Grounds, lying in the said Manor and Parish of Ashenden, containing: together Nine hundred Acres or thereabouts; and that there are several walie Grounds adjoining thereto, which belong to the Lord of the said Manor; and that several of the Lands in the common Fields and wade Grounds lie very much intermixed and dispersed:

That Richard Grenville Esquire, is Lord of the said Manor; and the Dean and Chapter of Oxon, are seised of the appropriate Rectory of;

and that the said Richard Grenville hath a Lease thereof for 21 Years.

A. 1737.

It appeared also to the Committee, That the said Richard Grenville, the said Dean and Chapter, and the Warden or Rector, and Scholars, of Lincoln College together with the Right honourable Richard Lord Vif* count Cobham, George Fran Esquire, Elizabeth

Rice, wad. Lydia Clements, James Hind, and Mary his Wife, and the Heir at Law or Devisee of Jane Dare, lately deceased; are seised of all the Lands in the said common Fields, Wastes, and uninclosed Grounds, within the said Manor or Parish of Ashenden, and are all the Persons who have any Right of Common within the said Manor.

The Petitioners then produced the Articles of Agreement,- under the common Seal of the said Dean and Chapter, bearing Date the 24th Day of February 1737, entered into by the said Richard Grenville, and the said Dean and Chapter, for inclosing the said common Fields and Wade Grounds; and for making an Exchange of certain Lands in the Parish of Ashenden, belonging to the said Richard Grenville, in lieu of the said Tythes, and

Part of the Glebe, belonging to the Dean and Chapter of Christ-church.f

Then the Petitioners proceeded to lay before the Committee, certain other Articles of Agreement, under the common Seal of the Warden or Rector, and Scholars, of Lincoln College, bearing Date the 24 th Day of February 1737, and made between the said Richard Grenville, and the said Warden or Rector, and Scholars, for inclosing the said common Fields and Waste Grounds; and for making an Exchange of certain Lands in the said Parish of Ashenden, with the said Richard Grenville, in lieu of other Lands and Premises in the said Articles mentioned, belonging to Lincoln College aforesaid.

The Petitioners then laid'before the Committee, Articles of Agreement, entered into by several Proprietors of the said common Fields and waste Grounds, bearing Date the nth Day of August 1737, and made between James Hind and Mary his Wife, Elizabeth Rice, Lydia Clements, and Jane Dare, Sifters and Coheirs of William Rice, of the One Part: and the said Richard Grenville of the other Part: And, upon perufing the said Articles, it appeared to the Committee, That all the said Parties had executed the fame, except James Hind and Mary his Wife, who are entitled to an undivided Fourth Part of Twenty Acres only.

And it appeared to the Committee, by the Evidence of John Doget, That George Franklyn Esquire, One other

of the Proprietors of Lands in the said common Fields and waste Grounds, had Notice, on the 28th Day of February last, and Ninth of March lnstant, of Mr. Grenville’s Intention of applying to Parliament for such Inclosure, and Exchange of Lands, in the said common Fields and waste Grounds; and he replied, That he was very willing and delirous, that he should go on with the fame.

John Boioyer, being examined, said. That he also attended the said Mr. Franklyn with the said Articles; but he declined executing the fame, in regard that he could not advise with hi»Attorney, he being absent; and that as he was ignorant of the Law, he did not care to execute, without first advising with him; but was very willing that Mr. Grenville should go on with the fame.

The Lord Viscount Cobham consented in Person to the proposed Inclosure.

And it appeared to the Committee, That such Inclosure, and Exchange, will be of great Benefit and Advantage to all the Parties concerned therein; but that the same cannot be effectually done, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the common Fields, common, waste, and uninclosed Grounds, within the Manor of Ashenden, in the County of Bucks; and for the making eifeftual certain Exchanges therein mentioned: And that Mr. Sandys, and Doctor Lee do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

AMeffage

I f Martii.

11 Geo. II.

170 Mar Hi.

iot

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas BenPremifes, in such manner, as to the House shall feeoi and Mr. Edwards:' meet.

Mr. Speaker, Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

iPuniftiing The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act until the Bill to explain and amend an Act, parted in Mutiny an<l for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Desertion. payment of the Afmy, and their Quarters; without any George, intituled, An Act for employing the Manufac-Amendment. And also, turers, and encouraging the Consumption, of raw Silk

Trent Bridge The Lords h4w|agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act and MobairYarn, by prohibiting the wearing of Buttons nearNotting- for repairing the Ttoad leading from the Trent Bridge, and Button-hoies made of Cloth, Serge, or otherStuffs, ham Roads. in the County of the Town of Nottingham, through Cojtock, otherwise Cortlingjiock Lane, to the Bridges, commonly known by the Name of Cotes Bridges, in the County of Leicester, without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

for naturalizing Abraham Blydejteyn, without any

Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Blydefteyn’*

Nat,

and making the same more erteftual, be read a Second time.

ProhibitiMi of Stuff

Castle

Itynningtoa Stint of Pafturt.

Mr Plumptrereported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for reducing the Stint of the Horse or Beast Pastures and Sheep Commons, within the Manor, Town, and parish, of Ca/ile Donnington, in the County of Leicester; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,/ and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once.read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrorted.

Prohibition A Petition of the Manufacturers -of raw Silk, and of Stuff Mohair Yarn, and Needle-work Buttons, and of the Buttons, &c. Traders and Dealers therein, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rell of the Manufacturers, Traders, and Dealers, as aforesaid, in the Town of Sherborne, and the Parts adjacent, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, through the Encouragement given by-Parliament, from time to time, as occasion required, the Manufacture of Needle-workButtons, hath for many Years been, and now is, the principal Branch of Trade, whereby great Numbers of poor Families in the said Town, and Parts adjacent, have altogether subsisted; and that great Quantities of Stuffs, made of Horsehair, or mixed therewith, and of several otherMaterials, have been woven in narrow Breadths or Slips, and used only for Making and Binding of Buttons and Button-holes, under Pretence that the same are not such Stuffs whereof wearing Garments are usually made, in Evasion and contrary to the Intention of the said Acts; and that Advertisements have been published, and industriously handed about, to encourage the Ufeand Wear thereof; and that some of such late-invented narrow Stuffs, being made mostly of the same Materials with Camblets, Grograms, Barragon, and otherStuffs, whereof wearing Apparel is made, it is impossible, even for the nicest Judge in the Button Trade, to distinguish the Buttons made or covered therewith, from those covered with Camblets, Grograms, Barragons, and other Stuffs, used in wearing Apparel, without first cutting off such covered Buttons from the Cloaths whereon they are set or sewed; and it is therefore very difficult to ground a Prosecution against many Offenders against the present Laws: And therefore expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that this Hopfe will take the Nature of their same into Consideration; and that the Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act for employing the Manufacturers, and encouraging the Consumption of raw Silk and Mohair Yarn, by prohibiting the Wearing of Buttons and Button holes made of Cloth, Serge, or other Stuffs, may be so explained and-amended, as that the Petitioners may be relieved in the VoL 23.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of, and Dealers in, woven Buttons and Button-holes made of raw Silk, Mohair Yam, and other Materials, in and about the Cities Buttonl* c of London and Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themfel ves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That in case the Bill, now depending before the House, for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for employing the Manufacturers, and encouraging the Consumption, of raw Silk and Mohair Yarn, by prohibiting the Wearing of Buttons and Button-holes made of Cloth, Serge, or other Stuffs, should pass into a Law, it will prevent the Petitioners, and many Thoufartds of his Majesty’s industrious Subjects, manurafturing wbven Buttons and Button-holes made of raw Silk, Mohair Yarn, and other Materials, whereby they now maintain themselves and Families, and be a Means to reduce them to extreme Poverty; the Weaving Trade being greatly lessened in most of its Branches, and they having no other Way of getting a Livelihood; and will be injurious to the Publick, as well as to the Dealers in the said Manufactures: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the B’ll to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act for employing the Manufacturers, and encouraging the Consumption, of raw Silk and Mohair Yarn, by prohibiting the Wearing of Buttons and Button-holes made of Cloth, Serge, or other Stuffs, and making the same more erteftual, be read a Second time.

Expiring

Uw*.

The Lord Sundon presented to the House, according Westminster to Order, a Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Bridgt. Thames, from the Woolflaple, or thereabouts, in the Parish of At. Margaret, in the City of Westminster, to the Opposite Shore, in the County of Surry: And the same was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second lime.

Ordered, That the Resolutions of the Committee, who were appointed to inquire what Laws ate expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, -which of them are fit to be revived, or continued; reported Yesterday, and ordered to be postponed; be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, made upon christ chnreh

Thursdaythe 2d Day of this instant March, for the Se- MidJWex, cond Reading of the Bill for the better enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts; and for the better regulating the nightly Watch, and Beadles; within the Parish of Chris Church, in the County of Middlesex; upon Tuesday next; be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesdecy Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, to

D d consider

Wty* »n4Mw

1

aft;,.

102

17°' — 20° Martii. - A. 3737.

etmfider further of "Ways anti'Means 'for-fairing the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read j

And the same being read accordingly;

The Hoofe resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee, v ' Mr. Speaker refomed the Chair.

Sir Cherries Tumet reported from the Committee, That they had oome to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

. . Ordered, Tfyat the Report be received upon Mon-

day Momipg next.

< . I Sir Charles burneralfo acquainted the House, That

jie was directed by the Committee to rooye, that they juay have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, cefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ,copfider further of Ways and Means jfoL' raising the Supply g»anted to His Majesty.

Office* and ' Hr. Lge presented to the House, according to Order, Employ- gjj to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify ments. Itljemfelyes for Offices, or to read the Prayers, and make the Declarations and Subscriptions required, within the respective Timies Jimited by Law; and for allowing further Time for those Purposes: And the same was received; and read the Fir A tiipe.

‘ Befol,ved, That the Pill be toad a Second time.

Clandestine '{ A Petition of the Woollen Manufacturers of the City Exportation Tff fondoji and Westminster, and Borough of

of Woo. jn behaifof therpselves, and nil other Persons concerned throughput Great Britain was presented to the House, and re^td^ complaining of the wifchievoqs Practice of exporting Wopl unmanufactured from Qreaf Britain 'and Ireland, and of Woollen Goods manufactured, from Ireland t9.f0r.eigB Parts, contrary to Law: And there-'fore praying,the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to provide such Remdies as to the House pjay prove effectual.

Ordered, That the saidPetition do lie upon the Table.

charged at the Suit of iuoh Creditor, on the said ift Day of January 1736.

Ordered, That Captain Robert Jenkins do attend, Spenllh upon Tuesday Morning next, the Committee of the Rep^dattotia whole House, to whom the Petition of divers Merchants, sneasnierw:*tt Planters, and others, trading to, and interested in, the British Plantations in America,in belialf of themselves, and many others, is referred.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition Laws re-of the Curriers and other Dealers in Leather, whose Jj^L^Uiwr Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, is referred, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second St. Leonard, Reading of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed rh°re<htCb# in the Eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, inti- urc tuied, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Meanard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex j

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Sevennight.

A Bill for explaining and amending an Act, of the Application Eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

An Act for the Application of the Kents and Profits of the Eliates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Derwentwater and Charles Radcliff was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply,

.ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Relief of A Bill for the Relief of such Prisoners for Debt, as Debtors, &c. have, by unavoidable or uuforefeen Accidents, loft the Benefit of being discharged by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Relief. - -.v J apd to indemnify such Sliepiffs,

v-. a qr ^aofer^jha.ve, by unavoidable or unforeseen Ac-.f^depts, ipuumad any Penalties, or subjected themselves to any A&fop or Anions at Law, on account of the being discharged; wap read a Se<Wd

time.

Refdva4;fib§t the Bill he committed to Mr, Thompson of York, Sir Miles Slapylton, Sir EdmundIsham, Dr.

.3 Lee, §\r Fyaneis Child, Sir Nathanael Cur&n, Mr. Smith,

Mr-. fioQfl&\Mr, Pollen, Mr. Mr. pax, Str Jqf

.Pontungtaft, Sir John liamfden, Lord Morpeth, Colonel ^Howard, Mr. Gore, Colonel Mordawit, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Males, Mr, Lifter, Mr.

-Colpnel Qi\jimo, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Danvers, Mr. May,

Mr* Walker, Mr.. Whitworth, Mr.

je.ills,.Mr. Gybbon, Colonel Oglethorpe, Mr. Earle, Mr. 7 Vinnington, Mr. Grey., Mr. Aijlabie, Lord Polioarlh, Sir Cordell FMr. Frankland, Mr.* . fatndys, Mr , Vernon, Mr. Sevan, Mr. Wilkirfon, Lord -- GageMr. Hume Campbell, Mr. BramJloji, Sir Charles -*" J^ordamt, Mr, Houblon, Sir John Shelley.: And they are

,t9 meet tbi$ Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, hi the Speaker's Chamber.

*0 Qvd&&k That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That th^y have Power to receivea Clause for the ..Relief of fyeUQreduors, who have charged any Prisoner with Debt, who hath been.committed to Prison since the ill Day of January 1730, and was detained in Prison upon the Fixft Day of January 1736, and who hath

~c.'. t 1 ceoptiouefl foLtobe aotneilbftandttnglucJiPrifoijer was not

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Supply Bill j whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to Lana Tax* his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-eight, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Cloqk,

bun*-, 200 die Martii;

Anno ii° Georgii IT" Regis, 1737.

Lftate.

Ij,

22

L J

Prayers,

rT' H E Lord Morpeth reported from the Committee, Duke of X to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- Bedford’* tuied, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Kent, Suffolk, Este.v, Hereford, and Monmouth, and the City of London, in tailed', by the Will of Elizabeth late Duchess of Bedford, in 7u//;zDuke

of Bedford, in Fee-simple; and for settling other Estates in the Counties of Bucks and Hertford, of greater Value, to the likeUfes, in lieu thereof; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clark’s Table.

An

r

\Vorcester Church of All Saint*.

lorerness Town Debts*

11 <3eo.tL Mart 103

An mgrofled Pill for rebuilding the Church; of the Parish of All Saints, in the City of was read the

Third time.

RtfohedwThat the Bill do paf>: And that the Title be, An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Church of the Parish of jfrll Saints, in the City of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandysdo, carry the Bill to the Lords, ayd desire their Concurrence.

Colonel St. Clair reported,.from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of Inverness, in behalf of the Conamu*. nity thereof; and also the Petition of the Heuetors, Merchants, Burgeffe6, Brewers, Victuallers, and Inhabitants, of the Royal Burgh of Inverueftthereto fubforibing; were referred*, That the Committee, had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to tile House; and be read, the Report iu his Place; and afterwards delivered k in at. the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and js g? follows; viz.

The Compniu.ee have, pursuant to the Orders of the

House* examined the Matter thereof;

And, tp prove the Allegations of the First Petition,

Several Clauses of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty.'s Reign, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Tw® Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peony Sterling, upon; every Pint of Ale or Beer that ilna.ll be vended or fpW within the Town of Inverness, and Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and for building a Church, and Braking a Harbour there, were read; whereby it appeared. That, from and after the First Day of June 1719,; for the Term of tp Years, and to the Rod of the then next Session of Parliament, there was laid an Impositionor Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or Qoe-sixth Part ofa Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer and Ale that should be brewed, brought in, tapped, vended, or fold, within the said Town, atvd Privileges thereof jr.-abd that the said Itnportion or. Duty was made payable to the Magistrates qnd Town-Council of the said Town, and their Successors iu. Office,-for the Time being, who, by the said Act, are appointed Trustees; and.to be applied towards paying off the publick Debfe of the said Town, and'enlarging the present Church, or building, n new one, and making Provision for a Minister or Ministers for supplying the fame'; and towards repairing the Harbour, and deepening the Channel leading thereto; and for making such other necessary. Works as should be proper for preserv-’ ing and maintaining the feme> and to no other Use,‘ Intent, or Purpose, whatsoewer.

Mr. William Frafter. Town Clerk of Inverness, being called, foid before the Committee an authentick Copy of an Account of the Net Produce of the Duty on Ale, in favour of Iqvernefts,-from the First of June 1719, till the 2id, of June 1737; by which it appeared, that, at a Medium of the first Five Years Produce, the annual Amount of the said Duty was £.380 4$. 11 fd.: That, for the 13 Years last pall, the said Duty has been gradually sinking; and that the annual Produce thereof, for the Four Years immediately preceding the 23d of June last, at a Medium, comes up to 127 17*. id. and no more.

And he also laid before the Committee an authentick1 Copy ofap Account of the Proceedings of the Magistrates and Town Council of Inverness, Trustees appointed by the said- Act, for managing and applying the said Duty, ao$ by. them-presented_io the Overseers, appointed bytlTe.-fajcFAft, on the 21st Day of August 1728; with an authpqtkk Copy of the said Overseers, their Act of Approbation of the Management of the said Trustees preceding; that Date.

He also laid beforp the Committee an authentick Copy of another Account of the Proceedings of the said Magistrates and Council of Inverness, as-Tmftees, appointed by’the said Act, for managing aj&d applying) foe said Duty, presented to the said Overseers on the Vol. 23.

21 ft of August 1^32; with an authentick Copy of the said Overseers, their Act of Approbation of the Management of the said Trustees preceding that Date.

From which Writings it appears,

That, in Order to She enlarging and improving their Harbour, tire said Trustees purchased some Grounds, rented Quarries, built Boats for transporting Stone, and expended above £.2,800 in deepening their said Harbour, erecting Keys and Bulwarks, and other Works, in and concerning the same, for the Improvement and Security thereof;

That, towards the more speedy carrying on the Pur-ppfesof the Act, the Trustees did. With the Approbation of the Overseers, borrow several Sums of Money, to the Amount of £81 x is. %\d. Sterling, of which £.700 remains still undischarged.

That the Trustees have accounted to the Overseers, appointed by/the Act, for the Produce and Application of the said Duty, as fan down as the 23d Day of June 1732: That the said Overseers have approved of the said Accounts, and agreed in Opinion, that the Management of the Trustees was careful, accurate and frugal, and merited Approbation; and that, after all Allowances made, the Trustees were then chargeable With £.698 17 s.2'gd. only, for which they were to be answer-ablein their next Account.

By the said Act of Parliament Four of the Overseers were appointed a Quorum; and they are required to take and examine the said Accounts, in the Month of August, yearly.

And, as no Account of the Produce of, and Distmrfe-ments from, the said Duty has been made, finee the said Sift of August 1732, it was proved by the said Mr. Frafter, That in any One Month of August, since that Time, there were not, tin the Neighbourhood of Inverness, a Number of the said Overseers sufficient to make a Quorum, or Meeting, for the Purpose aforesaid:

But the said William Frafter laid before the Committee, an authentick Copy of an Account of the Produce und Application of the said Duty,from and since the said 23d June 1732, down to the 23d Day of June last, prepared by the said Troftfees for the Examination of the (hid Overseers, had they met; and entered by the said Trustees, and by the Book-keeper appointed by them for keeping the Acoourits of the Produce of, and Payments from, the said Duty, in the same Ledger or :Book in which the Two former Accounts are entered, which have been approved of by the Overseers.

And, by this Account, it appeared to the Committee, That the Balance due from the said Trustees, upon the former Account, and the Net Produce of the Duty from that time, till the said 23d of June 1737, together with Interest received for Part of the out-standing Debt due to them, amounted to £.1,462 and that,

gfter Allowance of the Payments and Disbursements applicable for the Ends and Purposes of the said Act, there remained due to the Trustees the Sum of £.484 I is.7 ^d.of out-standing Debts, or Arrears of the said

Duty; and that the Cash, in the Hands of the'Cashier appointed to receive this Duty, amounted to no more than £.54 is. 34d.; bat the annual Payments and Disbursements,. made from the said Duty, and towards Rearing the several Branches of Expence chargeable thereupon, amounted to £.138 1 7

And, ih further Support of this Aceoitnt, the said William Frafter Ibid.before the.Committee, an authentick CopyTof a general Abstraftor Account of the Produce of, and Issues from, the said Duty, from the Commencement thereof, down to the said 23d June 1737 from, which appears also, that the out-standing Debts, due to the said Trustees, for or on account of the Arrears of foe said Duty, amounted then to the said Sam of £-484,) 2 s.7 id.; and that the Cath, then in the Hands of their

Cashier, was no more than the said Sum of £. 5 The laid William Frafter did further lay before the Committee, an authentick Copy of an Account of- the Produce and Application of the annual Revenue of

Inverness;

104

20° Martii. A. 1737.

InventInveme/s; from which it appeared, that the annual Re-Town veuue thereof, exclnfive of the Produce of this Duty, Debts. amounts, at a Medium, to £.205 4 2d.; and that the

annual Expence, at a Medium, is £.285 1 1 id.

And, being examined, said.

That, by the Works carried on by the Magistrates in and about the New Harbour, it is now made more commodious than before:

That there is a greater Depth of Water in it than in the old Harbour, by Three Feet and more:

That, according to his Judgment, it will take £.2,000 to complete it, according to the Scheme:

That the new Harbour is more resorted to by Ships of Burden than the old Harbour; and the new Harbour is very safe to load and unload in:

That it is capable to contain Ten or Twelve Ships, and believes it will contain Twenty when iinished; and that the old Harbour dannot contain any Ship of 160 Tons, or upwards; and that, for Three Years past, he has not seen any Ship of 100 Tans in it:

That John Reid's Brigantine was hurt in the new Harbour, by falling over against her Heeld, as was re-j>orted, and broke her Ribs on the Pier; but it might be owing to the Negligence of the Pilot Or Seamen *.

That, in or about the Year 1724,30 or 40 Men have been employed, and at Work, in cleansing the old Harbour; which occasioned a considerable Expence:

Mr. George Ro/i, being examined, said, That, by the Works carried on by the Magistrates, in and about the new Harbour, it is now made more commodious than before; which was confirmed to him by the Opinions which he had from moll of the Merchants of in the Conversations he has severally had with them at that Place: That there is a greater Depth of Water in it, than in the old Harbour, by Three Feet and more: That it was but about half completed:

That the old Harbour lies upon Gravel; and, being higher up the River, the Currency thereof is apt to throw up Stones therein; whereas the New Harbour is of a soft oozy Bottom:

That he heard of Complaints made, by reason of an Angle in the Pier of the new Harbour, which was the Fault of the Architect; but that this will be in some Measure remedied when the Scheme is prosecuted and completed; and that, by the Situation of the new Harbour, it is free from the Danger of being filled up with the Gravel carried down by the Floods or Frefhes of the River: That it is built of Free Stone, of Seven or Eight Feet long, laid with their Ends outwards; but, if not-completed, would be of very little Use.

And both Mr. Frafcr and Mr. said. That what they have proved was according to their own Knowledge and Opinion, and also according to the Opinion of Merchants who have been at Sea, and of Seafaring Men, who have seen and known these Harbours.

William Robertfon, being examined, said, That the said new Harbour is, by the Works carried on by the Magistrates, rendered more commodious than before; That it is (bore resorted to by Ships of Burden than the old Harbour, and is very lafe to load and unload in: And further said. That he has lately sent down to a

Ship with Goods, which he ordered to lie at the new Harbour, by reason of its being more commodious; and that it can contain Five or Six Ships to load and unload in.

To prove the Allegations of the other Petition of the Heretors, Merchants, Burgesses, Brewers, Victuallers, and Inhabitants, of the Royal Burgh of Inver~ nej's,thereto subscribing.

They called James Gumming; who said. That it is the general Complaint of the Town, that, since the Year 1719, Malt-barns and Malt-kilns have gone to Decay, to the Number of Two, or Three, or Six, , as he believes; and he has often heard Malfters complain of the Duty: And that several of the Brewers and Retailers of Ale, to the Number of Two, have, since the Commencement of this Duty, gone out of Town, to other Parts where

the Duty did not take Place, and gave that as the Reason; but he could not give the Name of any One, or say whether they were of the most considerable, or meanest Sort.

' And, being asked whetherthere was any other Reason for the Decay of Trade; he said.

That the Smuggling Trade was another Reason given for the Decay of Trade at Inverneft; and believes the Persons who dealt in such Smuggling Trade were undone.

And, being further examined, he said.

That some of the People, who were the most considerable Dealers in Trade, have quitted the Town, by reason of a Resolution in their Affairs.

Alexander Af‘Bean being examined, said, That, since the Year 1719, he knew Two or Three Malt-barns and Kilns gone to Ruin, and thinks it was owing to their not being used: That the Duty was One of the Reasons why the Maltsters employed in those Bams gave up Malting; but does not know if it was the only one: That* his own Father is a Maltster and Brewer, and Rill continues his Business: That the Maltsters and Brewers are* generally the same Persons; and that, in this Town, he thinks there may beThirty Maltsters, and Forty Brewers: That these People who dealt most considerably in Trade, and are now failed, employed great Numbers of People in the different Branches of their Service; and their removing out of Town is a Reason for the Diminution of the Consumption of Provisions; and that the Decay of Trade was owing to the Smuggling Business.

David Munro said, That he knew the old Harbour of Inveme/s in the Year 1720: That he knew it to have had 12 Ships at a Time, of which One was of 120 Tous, but none of the rest were of that Burden; and, at another Time, saw a Ship in it of 200 Tons, but could not say whether Ihe was loaded or light: That the Tide comes into the old Harbour: and, at the furthermost End of which there is a Hole or Sluice, to receive the Exuberancy of the Tide; for that otherwise the Ships would lie upon the Keys, or be overflowed; and he has heard, that, notwithstandingthis Hole, the Keys have been overflowed: That the Soil of the old Harbour is oozy; and, so far as he heard, not apt to be turned up by the Currency of the River: That there is a Sort of Rock that* lies at the Mouth of the old Harbour; but that he knew nothing of the new Harbour, having lived at London for 16 Years last past.

And, with respect to the Opinions of Seafaring Men concerning this Harbour, he offered to produce to the Committee a Memorandum;'or Minute/of such Conver-. fation as he lately had wittfTwo Seafaring Men, whose Ships were then at Gravesend,'concerning this Harbour;

which, nevertheless, the Committee would not admit.

William Macbean being examined, said. That the Two Harbours are 80 Yards distant one from the other: That the old is nearest the Town, and an Outlet in the far End thereof, which conveys the Tide Half a Mile up the River: That the Soil of it is not apt to be turned up by the Currency of the River, so far as he has observed: That he has seen 12 Ships at a Time in the old Harbour, as near as he could judge; and the Jargeft of them of 100 Tons Burden, or 20 or 30 more; but cannot julily say above 100: And that. Nine or Ten Years ago, there was more Shipping in the old than in the new Harbour;* but said. That the new Harbour was not brought to the Perfection it is now in, till about Five or Six Years ago: That some little Repairs have been made to theold Harbour: That the Soil of the new Harbour is gravelly, and apt to be turned up by the Currency of the River.

But, in Answer to the Questions put to him severally, having said. That the new Harbour was more removed out of the Currency of the River than the old Harbour was; and that the River did not run through the new Harbour; he was again asked, How the Soil of the Harbour could be turned up with the Currency of the River ? He said, That the Flowing of the Tide might raise the Soil.

He

.Crarttfiam

and

N.*mfWd

x i Geo. II. ao° MartiL tog

He further said, That the new Harbour was very being called, confirmed the Evidence given by -much 'exposed to the Westerly Wind: and that if the tbrigldthe Coachman. Wind blow hard in the Face of a Ship, file cannot go Then the Petitioners called Robert Birch: Who being Out. of the new Harbour: That, from the Mould or examined, said. That he saw a great Part of the Sta-Construction thereof, Inconveniencies arise to Shipping, tute-work performed on the Roads, in the Parishes of particularly by an Angle in the Key or Bulwark i And Spiitleg And that he he knew of One Ship which received Damage in that heard the Inhabitants of Little . and

Harbour, but did not know particularly in what man- some other Places, had collected anu laid out Four ner; for that he was not present when it happened. Pence in the Pound, over and above what they have That, for Five or Six Years past, more Ships go into expended in performing their Statute-work, the old than into the tiew Harbour, according to his And he said further* That he inquired of several S>ur-Observat ion; but that there might have been more at veyors of the Parishes through which the Roads lead, the new. whether the Roads could be amended by the Pa-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rishoners of the several Parishes to which they beloDg; continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One*- and that they were all of Opinion that they could not. sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on each Pint of Ale or And the said Robert Birch likewise said. That he has Beer, that shall be vended or sold within the Town of been a Master Coachman for Nine Years, and drove a Jnveniefs, and Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts Coach through the Roads, whereby he had an Oppor-of the said Town, and other l’urposes therein mention- tunity of viewing the Condition they were in the td; And that Colonel St. Clair and Mr. Urquhartdo Winter Season, which were very bad; and whathadbeeu prepare, and bring in, the fame. . done towards repairing the fame: And then said, that

he believed, that the Statute-labour had been constantly Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee to whom the done upon the Roads between Stamford and Granthami Petition of several Gentlemen, and others,of the Coun- but that Work was not, nor will be, sufficient effectually ties of Lincoln and Rutland; as also. of many Persons to amend and keep the same in Repair.

'usually travelling in the Northern Road, lying between Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Towns of Grantham and Stamford, in the County repairing the Road between Grantham and Stamford, of Lincoln; was referred; That the Committee had in (he County of Lincoln: And that Mr. Vyner, Sir examined the Matter of the said Petition: and had di- William Clayton, and Sir do pre-

rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, pire, and bring in, the fame, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place;

and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: A Bill for enlarging the Time granted by an Act paf- Liverpool#

Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz. fed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty,

The Committee have, puriuant to the Order of the intituled, An Act for enlarging the Time granted by an House, dated the Second of March inllant, exa- Act, pafi’ed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late mined the Matter oi the said Petition:, Majesty Queen intituled, An Act for making a

And, to prove the Allegations thereof the Agents convenient Dock or Bason at for the Secu-

For the Petitioners called, rityof all Ships trading to and from the said Port of Li-

Charles Jf'ood Esquire: Who said, That the Road verpoole, and for enlarging the fame, by making an act-ixomGreat Ponton to Stamford is very had and inma- ditional Dock, and building a Pier in the open Har-ny Places dangerous for Travellers: And thaton Tlnirf- hour; and for enlightening round the Dock, and the day Sevennight last, he came through the Road in a Streets of the said Town; was read a Second time.

Coach, and was Five Hours travelling between Coltf- RejThat the Bill be committed to Mr. irnrth and Stamford, which is but Ten Miles in Length, ton, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Lawton, Sir Jof. Pennington, Sir which he could have walked on Foot in Three Hours: jfm. Codrington, Lord Sidney Mr. Watts, That he thinks the Way very dangerous; and that he Mr. Laroche, Mr. Houblon, Colonel Onslow, Sir Nicolas often feared he should be overturned. . Williams, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Bold, Mr. Owen, Mr. - -

Thomas Chaplin Esquire, being called, said. That he, lycott, Mr. Hucks, Mr- Sir Roger Bradjhaigh, about Five-Weeks ago, hearing the Road was very bad Mr. Shuttlcioorth, Mr. Bradshaw, Mr. Mr.

and dangerous, drove out of the Way, to avoid as much Turner, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Geo. Cajwall, as he possibly could of it; but being obligeo to come in- Mr. Sir James Grant, Colonel

to the Road again at Horn Lane End, he found the iey, Mr. Grave, Mr. Smith, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir greatest Part, between that Road and Stamford, very Edmund Bacon, Mr. Tyner, Lord Polwarth, Mr. Ba~ difficult and dangerous to pass. thurjt. Dr. Lee, Lord Sir Chr. Powell, Mr.

James Bateman being called and examined, said. That Rowney, Mr. Bra fey, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Kinaston, Mr. became, in November last, on Ilorfeback, tiom Ponton Cajar, Lord Ciieiwynd, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. to Stamford, and found all that Way exceedingly bad, Sandys, Mr. Sib thorp, and all the Members who serve especially over U it ham Common: And he said, That he for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, Westmoreland, thought the Line was dangerous to Passengers: And and Cumberland: And they are to meet this After-lie further said. That some Company went in a Coach noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham--front his lloule, and pulled through that Road, ber. who informed him they were Eleven Hours in their Paf-

fuge betwixt Coltjuorlhand Stilton: That from ColtJ- Mr. Shuttleworth reported from the Committee to Earl of worth to SlamJ'ordis half the Way, and much the woift whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Anglesey'a

Part of the Road. And, Act for exemplifying the last Will of late Earl Will

MC Richard Middle more being called, confirmed the of Anglesey, and for making the same Evidence in all'

Evidence which had been given by the before-named Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland,

Wifcueifes. was committed. That the Committee had examined

Then Joseph Banks,junior,. Esquire, was called; and, the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be

being ex.uniued, said. That became from Great Ponton true; and that the Committee had gone through the to Stanford Two Months ago; when he found the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which Re- -is very had and dangerous. And, they had directed him to repor.t to the House: And he

Thomas Cartwright, Coachman to the said Mr. read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Banks, being examined, said, That \n January last, he the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table, drove lilo Matter from Great Ponton to Stamford; when A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

the Roads were so bad, that lie was often apprehensive That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon that the Coach would he overturned. Wednesday Morning next;

Ami Thomas Palmer, Groom to the said Mr. Banks, Itpaffed in the Negative.

Vol. 23 Ee

106

20* Mart it.

A. 1737.

Ordered, That the faitl Report be taken into Confederation upon Thtirfday Fortnight.

Earl of A Petition of Edmund White Esquire, Agent Tor Anclefey’s nan Pole Esquire, was presented to the House,.and read; "fetting forth. That the Petitioner is informed that a Bill is now depending in this House, intituled, An Act for exemplifying the last Will of Arthur, late Earl of Angle-fey, and for making the same Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland; and that the said German Pole having married One of the Daughters of the Lady Elizabeth Geere, who was Sifter of the said Earl, is intitled, under the Statute of Distribution, in case the said Earl shall appear to have died intestate, to a Third Part of the said Earl’s personal Estate, in Right of his said Wife, who is One of the next of Kin to the said Earl: And that the said German Pole lives One hundred Miles and upwards from London; and had no Notice, as the Petitioner verily believes, of the Bill now depending, until the Petitioner sent him Notice thereof, on the 16th of this instant March: And that Francis AnneJleykLiqmre, claims the said personal Estate, or great Part thereof, under the said Will; which Will, as the Petitioner verily believes, the said German Pole hath good Reason, and doth deiign, to litigate, as by Law he is now intitled to do, notwithstanding the Probate thereof obtained by the said Francis Annejley, in common Form; and that the Petitioner is advised. That the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will preclude the said German Pole from such Litigation of the said Will, and all his Pretensions to the said personal Estate: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pais into a Law, or that a laving Clause may be inserted therein, in behalf of the said German Pole Esquire; or that the Petitioner may have such other Relief as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into Consideration.

Eastage, &c. Sir John Norris presented to the House, according to on the Order, a Bill for continuing of an Act, made in the Sixth Thames. Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames: And the same was received; and Tead trlie First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a "Second time.

Supply Bill; - Sir Charles Turner,according to Order, reported from

Land Tax. the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1738, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and several of the said Amendments, as far as the Amendment Clause A, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House.

Clause A, being read a Second time, for the Relief of the Parish of St. Mary the Virgin, in the City of Oxford-,

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yew, j t

! Brigadier General

Mr. Robert Hacks:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House*

86.

46.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iugrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr and

Mr. John Bennett:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed lo the Bill, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Aberhro-thock, and Liberties thereof, without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir William Morice Baronet, with Lady Lucy Wharton, and to enble him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Traders in Gold and Silver Wares, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Mystery of Goldsmiths, of the City of London, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill, now depending in this House, for the better preventing Frauds and Abuses in Gold and Silver Wares, seems to be grounded upon Suggestions, as if the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Goldsmiths of the City of London had met with great Opposition and Discou-ragement in executing the Power veiled in them, of going to the Goldsmiths Shops, to assay their Gold; and that thereby great Frauds and Abuses were daily committed in the manufacturing, felling, and exporting, wrought Plate without the Hall Marks, or with counterfeit Marks (truck thereon; and likewise as if the said Wardens and Commonalty were at considerable yearly Charges, in keeping an Assay Office, Goldsmiths Hall, over and above the whole Produce arising from such Office: But that no Opposition, or Discouragement whatsoever, hath, to the Knowledge or Belief of the Petitioners, been, at any time, given to the said Wardens and Commonalty, or any of their Officers, in the coming to the Goldsmiths Shops, to assay their Gold; and that, although there may have been Frauds committed by some few Workers in Gold and SilverWares, yet, as the Petitioners are no ways culpable, or concerned therein, and they being very considerable Traders, dealing iri Gold and SilverWares, it would be, as they apprehend, exceeding hard, that the whole Mystery should labour under the Difficulties and Disadvantages, which by the said Bill, should it be passed into a Law, would be brought upon them, and the Trade in general; and that the Petitioners do not in the least question, but that, if true Accounts of the whole Produce of the Assay Office, in Goldsmith’s Hall, were to be laid before this House, for a Number of Years back, it would clearly appear, to the Satisfaction of the House, that either the Produce of the said Office greatly exceeds all the Expences yearly incident to it, or else that the Expence of the said Office,by additional Officers or Salaries, or other-ways, has been greatly increased; and that the Petitioners apprehend the said Bill to be calculated for no other end, than to give Power and bring Profit, to the Gold-finitbs Company, and to put the whole Mystery of Goldsmiths under their immediate Influence, and that, should the Bill pass into a Law, it would, in many respects, be greatly prejudicial to the Petitioners, and others of the Mystery of Goldsmiths in particular, and to the Publick in general: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the better preventing of Frauds and Abuses in Gold and SilverWares be read a Second time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, if they think fit;

It passed in the Negative.

18 Sir

Aberbro-thock Harbour,

Morice*

Divorce.

Frauds m Gold and Silver Wares*

u Geo. II. 26° — 2

Ways Sir Charles burner, according to Order, reported and Means. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Relb-- lulion which they had directed him to report to the

House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds, out of such Monies as have arisen, or shall or may arise, of the Surplufes, ExcelTes, or Overplus Monies) commonly called the Sinking Fund.

The laid Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the . House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Sir Charles Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. , the Lord Sun-

don, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Earle, Mr. Attorney General Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Scrope, and Mr. Edward Walpoley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen) who are appointed to bring in the said Bill, That they do prepare, and insert therein, aClause or Clauses for paying to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England the Sum of One milliom, for redeemingaproportional Part of the Annuity payable to them, in respect of the Sum of One million Five hundred thousand Pounds, Residue of the Sum of Two millions, due to them in lieu of certain Exchequer bills Hfued before the 25th Day of December 1716, and delivered up by them to be cancelled, pursuant to Act of Parliament, and chargedon the Aggregate Fund, according to the Resolution of the House, of the 9th Day of this Instant March.

Sir Nathanael Curzon prefeUted to the House, accord-' ing to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road from Loughborough, in the County of , to the Town of

by, in the County of and from Derby, lotheTowns

of Ashborne and Brajfingtan, in the County of Derby-, and from thence to Hurdloe, in the said County: And ’the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Relief of Ordered, That all the Members who serve for the Debtors. County of York be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the Relief of such Prisoners for Debt, as have, by unavoidable or unforeseen Accidents, loft the Benefit of being discharged by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors; and to indemnify such Sheriffs or Gaolers, as Lave, by unavoidable or unforeseen Accidents, incurred any Penalties, or subjected themselves to any Actionsat Law, on account of the said Prisoners not being discharged; is committed.

Breping Ordered, That Mr. Robert Ilucks, Mr. Watts, Mr.

Fens Burrell, Mr. Laroche, Mr. More, Mr. Mr.

taiuage. Bra/fey, Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Ofbaldeston, Mr.

Mr. Bradshaw, Sir Robert Mr. Alderman mott, and Mr. Earle, be added to the Committee to Whom the Petition of the Adventurers, Owners, and Proprietors, of t he taxable Lands in Deeping Fens, in the County of Lincoln, whose names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Botherhith Ordered, That Mr. Brigadier Mr*

Chun-h. Glanville, Mr. Owen, and Mr. be added to the

Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act of Pari lament, made and passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King 'George, intituled, An Act to euablethe Parishioners of the Parish of St.Mary, Rotherhilh, in the County of by certain Funeral Rates therein mentioned, to finish the said Parish Chun h, and to enable the said Parishioners to Vol. 23.

.0 Mar Hi. 10?

T

raise such farther Sums of Motley as shall be rieceflary fi»r purchasing a convenient Piece of Ground for an additional Burial Ground; and for other the Purposes thereto mentioned; is committed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing further Time for Inrol- Will*, ment of Deeds and Wilis made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday. Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 210 die Marti/',

Anno 11* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1737;

PLATERS.

A Petition of the Cord wainers of the City of York was respec-

presented to the House, and read; Petting forth, ing tanned That the Curriers of that City have, for Tome Years past. Leather, cut and fold Hides of Leather in small Pieces, the same not being the made Ware of such Corners; particularly, such as Benda, Backs, and Butts, (being Soal Leather1) which therefore cannot be manufactured by them, to lie made more nfeful to any Dealers in Leather, of whdt Trade soever; which, as the Petitioners are advired, is contrary to the Statutes in such same made and provided; and that, if a Bill (Konld pass the House, to enabte the Curriers to continue such Practices, it will put it hi the Power of the Curriers to monopolize the greatest Part of the Leather used in making Shoes, and Oblige the Petitioners to buy it of them, at such Prices as they shall think fit to hnpose upon them, to the manifest Prejudice of their Trade in general, to the great Detriment of the Petitioners in particular, and several other numerous poor Families employed under them: And therefore praying, the House to take their same into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as the House shall think meet and convenient for them.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names arte Hoccliff. &c. thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and several Road,

other Creditors for Debts, contracted for the Repair Of the Highways leading from FornhilI,in the County of Bedford, toStonyStrutford, in the County of was presented to the HoUfe, and read; setting forth.

That the Commissioners appointed by an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the said Highways, within the First Year of thte Term for which the Tolls thereby grantedweremadepay-able, expended about Seven thousand Pounds, to make the same pafiable; the far greatest Part whereof was due to the neighbouring Inhabitants, for Materials, Labour, and Carriage, in the Repair of the said Road: And that the said Tolls produced hut about Four hundred Pounds aYear; whereout the constant Charge of Surveyors, Collectors, and other necessary Expences being deducted, the whole Produce of the said Toll was fearce sufficient to answer the yearly Interest of the Monies so expended:

And that therefore, by another Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anftet the Term granted by the former Act was enlarged for Nine Years; and the said Trustees were empowered to borrow Montey on the said Toll, to pay the said Debt; and, in case the same was not done on or before the 25th Day of March 1711, to assign the said Term to such Persons as the Creditors should appoint: And that thte

Repair

Hoccliflf &. c. Road.

Ditto.

Castle Don-

DliiUt0*

0L p:ifr.ncs.

108

2i° Marta. A. 1737.

Repair of the said Road being not completed, the Petitioners, and those under whom they claim, then voluntarily agreed to advance iti Work, Carriage, or Materials, for the Repair of the said Road, to the Amount of Two Shillings in the Pound of their respective Debts; without any Allowance or Satisfaction for the fame; and such of the Creditors who could not do so, agreed to abate a proportionable Part of their respective Debts; which was done accordingly. And that no Person being Willing to advance Money on a Mortgage of the said Tolls, to pay off the said Debt, an Assignment was made, by Nine of the then acting Commissioners, to new Trullees, appointed by the Creditors, who, for some time, managed the fame, and paid off what had been advanced in Monies to carry on the said Work; but were obliged to lay out most of the Profits of the Toll, to keep the Highway in toldrable Repair; And that another Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, reciting, that an Account had been taken of the said Debts; and that it then appeared, that there was unpaid Six thousand four hundred and Eighty-four Pounds Eighteen Shillings; whereupon it was by the said Act enacted, That such of the Trustees, named in the first-mentioned Act, as were then living, together with those afterwards named by the Creditors, should put the former Acts in Execution; and they, or any Seven of them, were impowered to mortgage the said Toll, and to apply the Monies raised thereby, in the First place, to pay the said Debts*and the Residue thereof for the Repair of the said Road: And that the said several Acts being very lately determined, and the said Road ft ill very bad, several Gentlemen, and others. Inhabitants of the Counties of Buckingham and Bedford, have petitioned this House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing the very same Road.; but, by their Petition, described it by the Name of the Road from the End of Town, in the County of Bedford, to Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham: And therefore, and in regard the Petitioners, nor those whom they represent, have received any Satisfaction for the Debts due to them, nor any Interest for the same for Nine years pall, praying. That some Provision may be made in the Bill now. petitioned for,

;in order to the Payment of what shall appear to be due to the Petitioners, and the other Creditors aforesaid; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, and other Inhabitauts, of the Counties of Buckingham and Bedford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Henley, Mr. Robert Sir

Geo. Wynne, M r. AI derman HMr. Huxley, Mr. White, Mr. Byng, Mr. Owen, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Richard Lloyd, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Myddleton, Sir Robert GroJ'venor, Mr. Crewe, Colonel Mr. Gildart, Mr. Bayly, Mr. More, Mr. Kinafion, Mr. Rozoney, Mr. Levefbn Gower, Mr.

Mr. Bramfion, Mr. Shippen, Lord Noel Somerset, Sir

Wm. Caretv, Sir John St. Aubyn, Mr. be

added to the Committee to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants, of the Counties of Buckingham and Bedford, twhofe Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumplre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of for veiling divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Coun- Bedford ’» ties of Kent, Suffolk, Essex, Hereford, and Monmouth, and Ltu*re-

the City of London, intailed by the Will of Elizabeth, late Duchess of Bedford, in John Duke of Bedford, in Fee-simple; and for settling other Estates in the Counties of Bucks and Hertford, of greater Value, to the like Uses, in lieu thereof; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Ix>rd Morpeth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Morice* to dissolve the Marriage of Sir William Morice Baronet, Divorce* with Lady Lucy Wharton, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Sandys,presented to the House, according to Afficnden

Order, a Bill for inclosing and dividing the Common luclolur*. Fields, common, waste, and uninclosed, Grounds, within the Manor Ashenden, in the County of Bucks-, and for the making effectual certain Exchanges therein mentioned: Aud the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Cholmondeley presented to the House, according Regulating to Order, a Bill for regulating the Cheese Trade in the CiieWie the several Counties of England and Wales: And 'trade, the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Mailer Shoemakers, and Tranlla- Law*relj>«&-tors, in the City of York, whose Names are thereunto ing tanned subscribed, in behalf of themselves, the Sadlers, Clog- Leather-makers, Patten-makers, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners carry on different Branches of the Shoemaking Trade, and find a great Benefit in being supplied by the Curriers, as Leather Cutters, with such Pieces of Hides and Skins as are moll fit for particular Branches of their Trades; and representing to the House the bad consequence of restraining the Curriers, as Leather Cutters, from cutting and felling such Hides and Skins, and of giving the Right of cutting leather in small Pieces, to the Company of Cordwainers only: And therefore praying tile House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that they may have such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qua- offices and lify themselves for Offices, or to read the Prayers, and Employ-make the Declarations and Subscriptions required,within meats, the respective Times limited by Law; and for allowing further time for those Purposes; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

ReJ’olved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for reducing the Stint of the Horse or Beall Paliures, and Sheep Commons, within the Manor, Town and Parish, of Castle in the County of laeicester, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for reducing the Stint of the Horse or Beall Pafuires, and Shecp Commons, Within the Manor, Town, and Parish, of Cajile Donnington, in the County of fjeicester.

Colonel St. Clair presented to the House, according Inverness to Order, a Bill for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Twwn Debts. Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on each Pint of Ale and Beer, that shall be vended, or fold, within the Town of Inverness, and Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town; and other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill

Frauds in Gold and Silver Ware#.

Manufactory of Iron in the Plantations.


11 Geo. 1L 11° Ma 109

'A' Bill for the better preventing Frauds and Abuses in-Gold and Silver Wares, was read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee ofth'e whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Lord Gage reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Ironmongers, and Manufacturers of Iron, in the Towns of , Wolverhampton, Stourbridge, and Dudley;, and the Parts adjacent, in the Counties of Warwick, and

and also the Petition of fiindry Iromnafiers, in behalf of themselves, and others, concerned in the Making of Iron, in Great Britain; and also the Petition of several Merchants, Ironmalters, and Ironmongers, in the City of Brtfiol; were referred , That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to I he House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table, together with an Appendix.

And the said Report and Appendix are as follow; viz. The Committee have, pursuant to the several Orders of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petitions:

And proceeded tirft to inquire into the Largeness of the Manufactory of Iron in this Kingdom, and what Number of Forges are employed therein.

And Mr. Edward Knight, of Cookley, in Worcestershire,

Maker of Iron, being examined, said, That he had made a List of all the Forges in England and; and, by

the bell Account he could get, those Forges appeared to have made, before the Year 1718, above 18,000 Ton of Bar Iron pet Annum.

And Mr. Abraham Spooner, living in,

Ironmonger, and Importer ot; ar Iron, being examined, fai‘d, That tlifc Manufactory of Iron is very considerable in many Parts of this Kingdom: That within Birmingham, and Teh Miles round the fame, there are not less than 13^,000 Periods maintained by this manufactory; and, if they lie unemployed, they will seek their Bread abroad.

And Mr.' Will)am Rea, Ironmaster, of

being examined, said. That in about One-half of the Counties of England and Wales there are Ironworks, and Coppice-woods, for making of Iron; and, by a Calculation that he has had, of which he knows great Part to be true, there are about 125 Forges; and believes upwards of 30 of those are unemployed, and the others don’t make above -ids of the Quantity of Iron which they might and could make, was there Encouragement given.

And Mr. Richard Keeling, Attorney at Law, living near Dudley, Stowerbridge, and Wolverhampton, being ex-

atnined, said. That the greatest Manufactory for Iron, as he knows of, is carried on at Sioiocrbridge and Wolverhampton-, and that several Artificers, Women, and Children, who were formerly employed in that Manufactory, in making of Nails and Scythes, Sc. for Exportation, have lately been turned out of Employment; great Numbers whereof have left their Families, who are become burdensome to the -several Parishes to which they be- Jotig; which has occasioned a considerable Increase of the Poor’s Rates; and particularly at Dudley, where 12 and i3$\ in the Pound has been raised for the Maintenance of their Poor; which is now 8*. in the Pound, and formerly did not exceed 2 or 3 in the Pound, except in sickly Years: That, for Six or Seven Years, in several Parishes, within Two, Three, or Four Miles of the Ironworks, particularly at Womburn, Hinley, Enfield, and several others, where there are no Irort-works, the Poor’s Rates have not exceeded 6 d.in the Pound: ' That he has lately seen great Quantities of Nails lie by, in the Nailers Warehouses; which he was informed, was occasioned by the Want of a Demand thereof.

- VOL. 2J.

Your Committee, in the next place, proceeded to inquire into the Decrease and declining Situation of the said Manufacture, so much complained of by the Petitioners j and what has been the Occasion thereof.

And Mr. Edward Knight said. That, lince the Year 1718/ the making of Bar Iron in , has decreased

6,000 Ton; which has occasioned ^.60,000 to be paid annually to Foreigners for Bar Iron; the prime Colt of which, to the Merchant, is about £.10 Ton; And, if we lose the Exportation of this Manufacture to will occasion a further Decrease of making Bar Iron in England above 2,000 Ton per; which Decrease

is owing toihe great Increase of foreign Iron imported; and particularly from Russia: That the Dearness of Labour in England, in compariTon to what it is in Sweden nod Rujfia, will always enable them to uuderfell the Makers of British Iron; so that, could England be supplied with a Quantity of Bar Iron from the Colonies, it would not lessen the Balance now paid to Sweden and Rujfia, bin hinder the Making of the like Quantity at the English Iron-works:

That lie makes about 1,000 Ton of Bar Iron per Annum, lor the Use of the Nail Ironmongers; but at present meets with great Complaints from them, for want of a Demand for the fame: And that he has lately seen great Stocks of Nails lying in their Warehouses, more thaii what lie formerly used to do:

That, he has heard, the Inhabitants of the Colonies ip America have erected Iron-works; and Mr. Rujfel informed him. That he is concerned in a Forge there; which, he imagines, isthe Occasion that there is not the Demand for Iron Wares, manufactured in , as

there was formerly.

It has been said. That the giving Encouragement for bringing over American Iron, in Bars, will prevent the

Manufacturing of it there; but he is of opinion it will not; because foreign Iron gpes.through the following Hands before it is manufactured, and alter; the Factqr beyond Sea, the Importer, who fells it to the Bar Iron-mongerthat liesjiear the Manufactory; he fells it to the Manufacturer that employs the Workmen: Which Iron, when manufactured, is sent to the London Ironmonger, who fells it to the Merchant, and he exports it; and a Factor disposes of it in America; which is then no nearer the Maiket, after it has gone through all these Handis, than it would have been if the Wares were made by the Manufacturers, and in their own Shops: And, it is supposed all these different Hands will have a Profit of about £.6 per Cent, each, some more, and fomeleljj; which will amount to about £ 40 per Cent, exclusive of Carriage and Freight: And lie is of opinion, that all the Iron-works in the Colonies will not be erected near the Sea-ports; therefore the Carriage will be, from these Ironworks to the Sea-ports, ios. Ton more:

That he has heard, the Freight from Nezo England to London,is 40^. per Ton, with Port Charges; the Carriage from London to Birmingham, to be manufactured, is about 30j. per Ton; and the Carriage of that Iron to London, when manufactured, is from £.3 10 to £.4 per Ton, by Land; and by Water, 405.; but does not know what the Freight will be to America, or the Charge of dispersing the fame, when it arrives Ihere; besides. Iron Wares are liable to rust by Water Carriage; which will not be so saleable as the American Goods manufactured there:

That the Objection taken from the Dearness of Labour in America will hold as well against their Making of Bar Iron, as their Manufacturing of it farther: That the Price of Labour required to makeaTon of Bar Iron, exclusive of Wood and Carriage, he supposes to be, from £.-j to £.y person, Horselhoes from to Ton,

large Nails £.5 10 s.per Ton; but, one with another, as low as id. Nails, for £.g pe r Ton, including Wafie of Iron, Pit Coal, all manner of Tools, and the Rent of the Shop:

That it is much easier to teach a Negro to make Nails, Horsellioes, and other edarfe Wares, than to

Ff make

no 2i° MartiL . 1737.

Manufacture make Bar Iron; and his Reason is. That no PeiTon can of lr»n m make Bar Iron but what has served an Apprenticeship to the Planta- the Trade; but Women and Children may make Nails, tions. seeing asked, Whether the Quantity of Pigs, Sows,

and Bar Iron, imported from the Colonies, had beende- trimental to the Trade in England. ? He said, That the

Quantity of Pigs and Sows had hurt the Furnaces, but not the Trade in general: And that the Quantity of Iron Bars imported from the Colonies was so infignifi-tcant, that it had not been felt, but if a greater Quantity should be imported, it would hurt the Iron-works.

lie was also asked, Whether the Importation of Iron from Sweden or Rujfia, would not hurt the Trade of England, more than the Importation of Iron Bars from the Colonies ? He said. That he believed it would not hurt the Ifon Trade so much as the Importation of it from America, there being only 300 Tons imported from the North, of the Nature of Iron, and that

came from Rujfia; but the Iron that is imported from the Colonies is of the same Specie as English Iron, which he knows of his own Knowledge, having worked almost all Sorts of Pigs which comes from America: That he had made Iron from Baltimore Pigs only, and sent it to Birmingham, on purpose to he tried; and the Manufacturer found it to be of the same Specie, and fit for the same Purposes, as heft tough English Iron; which Sort of Iron he sold at some to an Im-

porter of foreign Iron, for £.16 per Ton, which is 30 9. per Ion dearer than the same Importer, and others, fold Swedish Iron for there; and that the greatest Quantity of Pigs and Sows brought from America makes Iron chiefly fit for Nails; of which Sort of Iron enough was made in England, before the Importation of any 'from Raffia: That all the Iron, as he believes,

is of a different Specie from the Iron made in and that the belt Sort of Pigs, which is brought front America, will fell for as good a Price as the heft Engli/h

Pigs:

That 27 C.Weight of Pig or Sow Iron is required to make One Ton of Bar Iron, which is worth above One-' half of the Value of a Ton of Bar Iron; from whence he infers, that if the Americans make Pig Iron, they will have above One-half of the Profit of making the Iron; and if they do not get a Profit by Making thereof, it is owing to the Importation of foreign Iron, which has Hopped our own Iron-works: and before the Colonies can put a flop to the Importation of Northern Iron, a Stop must be put to the greatest Part of the Iron-works in England; because the Iron from the Colonies is of the same Nature as English Iron; and the Swedes and Rujfians can afford to fell their Iron cheaper.

l ie was also asked, Whether the further Manufacture of Iron from Bars is made with Pit Coal, or Charcoal ? Said, That it is made with Pit Coal; but believes it might be manufactured with Charcoal, but not so cheap.

He was asked, as to »he Quality of the Baltimore and Virginia Iron; he said, That the Baltimore Iron is a leaden tough, and Virginia Iron is coldfhot; but the general Quality of Sivedish Iron is Hardness and Toughness.

He was further asked. Whether the Baltimore and Virginia Iron, mixed together, will not make an Iron similar to the Swedish Iron ? Said, He believed not

He was asked. That, finee the Declension of the Iron 'Trade from 18,000 Ton to 12,000'I on, finee the Year 1718, had not the Manufacture of Iron increased ? Said, lie thinks it has; but cannot be certain.

He was also asked. If the great Quantity of manufactured Iron, now in hand, does not proceed from the great Increase of the Manufacture ? Said, it might be to a former Increase; but not within these Two Years.

He was asked, Whether less Iron is made use of in the common Concerns of Life, than usual ? Said, He believes more Iron is made use of than formerly.

And Mr. Abraham Spooner said. That should any Sort of Encouragement he given to the Making of Bar Iron in America, it will certainly tend to the Deliruction of all the I^on-works in England, if it be considered, that, as

is the Nature of Pigs and Sows, To will be the Nature of the Bars: Maryland Pigs make a tough Iron, exaCfcly of the same Nature and Quality as the very best tough Iron made in England: If Bar Iron, made from these Pigs, should be imported from , it will occasion

such Forges to cease working, as now make Iron of that Nature: For, luppose it brought to the Port of London, the Merchant will always fell it where it will bear the beftPrice, and Bewdley will be the Place where it maybe sent from London, for less than T59. per Ton; there it will always overfell the Siced and Siberia Iron, at least 309. per Ton; and the latter fells for, at that Place, ..... 5 s.to 109. per Ton, more than in; so that

there is from 209. to 25 s. per Ton, more Advantage to the London Merchant, by felling at Bewdley than at London-, and, as the same Iron may be sent by the Bristol Importer for 59. per Ton to that Place, he will always reap an Advantage of at lead 259. per Ton above the Price of Swedes or Siberia Iron; which will encourage the Merchant to fend the American Iron to Bewdley Market; and an overstock of any Commodity will necessarily reduce the Price thereof; and Swedes and Siberia Iron, by reason of the Hardness of its Nature, requiring more Time to manufacture it, more Labour, and confuraing more Coals, must always be fold under the Price of the best tough English Bar Iron, which at this time is fold for £.16 Ton at,

and Swedijhlxonat £.14 109. per 'Ion.

He was asked, That, if a greater Quantity of the best tough Iron should come from America, whether the English tough Iron would bear a better Price than Swedi/li Iron

He said. That the American Iron will first supplant the English Iron, and reduce the Price so low, that nobody will make it; but the greatest Quantity of Pigs brought from America makes Iron fit only for the Nail Trade, and no other Use: Therefore, if Bar Iron be made from those Pigs, and imported into this Kingdom from America, we stand in no Need of it; we ever have made enough fortheConsumption of the wholeKingdom; but, of late, some Iron was brought from Rujfia, called Mul-lars and Tuley, which so reduced the Price, that many Forges, when they could ho longer work to Advantage, ceased to work: This is a strong Proof, how small a Quantity of Iron more than is wanted, will affect the Price of it; and, should any of this Sort of Iron be brought from America, it will occasion more Forges to flop, than are as yet employed in that Branch; and of which Sort of Iron none ever came from Sweden:

That already our Manufactures of Iron are in a miserable Condition; occasioned, as he conceives, for the want of a Demand from the Plantations for the several Sorts of wrought Iron Wares; which formerly he could not make fall enough; but now has great Quantities lying by him.

He was asked, Ifhe knows less manufactured Iron is sent to the Plantations, than what used to be

Said, That by the Custom-house Books, it is much the fame.

He was asked. Whether it is the Iron from the Plantations, that is the Reason of the present low Price of Iron in England, or the great Importation of Iron from Raffia and Sweden

Said, It cannot be of the Bar Iron imported from t America; but must be, from the Iron imported from the Northern Kingdoms; but if a Quantity of Iron should be imported from America, that must tend todestroyall the Iron-works in the Kingdom.

He was also asked. Whether it would be for the Benefit of the Manufacturers of Iron, that Iron should bear a greater Price than it now does

He said. That, provided a Method could be found out to preserve the Exports of manufactured Iron to America, it would not make any material Alteration.

He was asked, Whether, if Iron was at £.5 per Ton, it would not be better for the Manufacturers, than at £.\ 5 per Ton

Said,

n Geo. II. si0MartiL in

Said, it would not, if there was not a Vent for the Iron Wares.

He was alked. If it is not ail Advantage to Manu; facturers in general, to have the first Material as cheap as poflibler Said, If our Iron-works thereby are to be destroyed, it will be a Disadvantage, and no Advantage.

And Mr John Banijler, chief Agent to Mrs. Crozvley,

laid, Though, by the Accounts from the Custom-house, it may appear, that the Exports of wrought Iron, and Nails have for feme Years past rather increased than leffeneri; yet, he is fenlible, and l’o mult all the Dealers in Nails, that there is at present a great Decay in that Branch of Trade in particular, and the Entries at the Custom-house, he is satisfied, are very erroneous; for, since the Duty of wrought Iron and Nails exported, has been taken off', the Dealers in these Goods have not been so exatt in their Entries, nor so observant as they used to be in distinguishing Nails from wrought Iron, which formerly paid different Duties; and the Merchant often makes a great Entry, in order to forward the Loading of his Ship; the Ironmonger often makes a larger Entry than is necessary, that he may, without the Charge of a fresh Entry, indorse any larger Quantity on the Cocket, should he, before the Ship fails, receive from his Customers any further Orders; and sometimes makes a large Entry, in order to make a Figure in the Entry Paper; for the Charge of entering 20 Tons is no more than for Two Tons; and, for that Reason every Person always enters enough; and very often the Bar Iron is included in the Weight of that which is manufactured: It is common for the Ironmonger to enter Brals, Copper, Wood, and any other Goods that lie deals in, that pays no Duty, or receives a Drawback, as wrought. Irou:

That a great many Nails have been ffiipped for Two or Three Years past, by several Ironmongers in London, on their Accounts, from mere Necessity, having greater Stocks by them than they know what to do with; and those Ironmongers sometimes enter more than they ship, in order to discourage others fromlhipping: And the Dealers in Nails are now distressed, to the greatest Degree, for want of Employment; for their Workmen are ready to llarve, and are continually rising in a tumultuous manner, 50001* 1,000 of them together, threatening to destroy and pull down the Houses and Ware-houses of their several Employers, with many other Threats of the like Nature:

That above One-half of the Iron that is made in England, and at lead }tus of what is made in the Counties of Stafford and TVorcester,is made into Nails; and is

therefore of Opinion, that the Cheapnefsof English Iron is occasioned by the Decay of the Nail Trade, and not by the Importation of Bar Iron, either from foreign Parts, or our own Plantations; from the latter of which, he believes, there has not been imported 100 Tons in the Whole; and though the Importation of foreign Iron is increased, yet both Sioedish and Russia Iron are now rather dear than cheap; the mjddling Sorts of Stockholm Iron being worth at London £. 15. per Ton. It is also to be observed, that the chief Increase in the Importation of foreign Iron has been to London, and not to Bristol, or any other of the Out Ports; and what Bar Iron does come to London, is either consumed in and about the Town, or else sent to fuel) Out Ports and inland Places as cannot beSupplied with English Iron; and no Quantity of it, worth mentioning, has been sent from hence to any Place where any Manufacture of English Iron is carried on, and consequently has not affected the Price of English Iron:

That, about Seven Years ago, the Nail Trade was pretty brilk; and though foreign Iron was not then worth above 20 or 30 s.person more than it is at present, yet English Iron sold at Ieaftfor^.3. 1 os. per Ton more than it does now; for Swedish Iron is not fit for Making of Nails, and very little, if any, is used for that Purpose.

There has, of late Years, been imported from Ru/Jia, a soft, tender Iron, in some respects like an ordinary Sort made in England, and fit only for making of Nails; and, as that was imported at a Time when the Nail Trade VOL. 23.

was very dull. It helped io reduce the Price of Eriglish Manufacture Iron; but, if the Nail Trade was brisk, the Quantity is of Jr"n in too trifling to be of any Consequence. tion*.iaUM"

The Exports of wrought Iron, Nails eJccepted, believes, is, in general, as great as ever to the Plantations, as well as to foreign Markets; though he does not think that the Exports to the Plantations have increased equal to the Increase of the Manufactures at home, or in proportion to the Consumption of Iron Ware abroad.

Why the Nail Trade is so bad, or how to mend it, he is not able to say: The bad State of some of our Sugar Islands has been, in his Opinion, some Prejudice to the Iron Trade; for the Consumption ot Iron Ware, in those Islands, is more or Jess, as their Trade for Sugar is better or worse: And the Exports of Iron Ware to Virginia-,

Maryland, Neio England, New York, Penjilvenia, and Carolina. have, as he believes, Considerably increased in the 20 Years lall past; but believes and some

other of the Sugar Iffands, have not taken more Iron Wares of late Years, iffo much, as they did many Years ago,

Mr. Thomas Plilmjled, and Mr. Wm. Parkin, confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. of erroneous

Entries being made at the Custom-house of Bar Iron having been entered for Exportation as wrought Wares, they having made several Entries in that manner.

And Mr. Joshua Gee, Ironmaster, being examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Knight, of the Quantity of Iron made about the Year 1718, and of the Decrease thereof, since that Time; and said, That the Decrease of Iron is owing to the low Price of Swedijli. and RvJJia Iron:

That the labouring People, at this time, receive about ,£.120,000 per Annum, only for Labour and Carriage, in making Iron, exclusive of the manfa&uring Part; so that if some proper Care is not taken, to prevent the Reduction of Iron made at home. Numbers of Poor will be deprived of a Subsistence, and will become burdensome to their respective Pari (lies for a Maintenance, and Gentlemen will suffer in their Farms, as well as in their Wood-lands.

lie was alked, That, unless we can afford to make Iron cheaper than the Swedes import it, they will continue to supply us?

Said, Not, in his Opinion; because if the Price of Swedes Iron was raised, by laying a higherDuty,we may increase in making more Iron.

Being alked. Whether English Iron is not cheaper manufactured than th e Swedish Iron? Said, He believes it is; because it required leis Coals, less Labour; and wears out fewer Tools.

That, upon being alked, Whether he believed the Want of Pit Coal in America, will check them in the Manufacture of their Iron?

Said, He does not believe it will; because, when he was in America, he was informed by Mr. that

he had bought a Parcel of Pit Coal at Annapolis in Maryland-, and he thought he could keep a Fire with it, as cheap as with Wood, at that time: That the Virginia and Maryland Ships in particular, carry large Quantities of Ballad thither, for which they pay is. 6 per Ton; but if they carry Coals instead thereof, that 2 6d. will

be saved; and if they go as Ballad, they pay no Freight, and may be delivered for little more than they coll at

Newcastle; and the Progress they have made in the Iron Manufactures, is a Proof that they have them cheap, or can do without them:

That, if a proper Encouragement was given to the Americans, to make Pig Iron, those who understand the Business might make a very great Profit; because those Sorts of Pigs are delivered at his Works near Shreujbuiy, from Virginia and Maryland, as cheap, as to the Carriage, as most of the English Pigs are that he buys:

That the Materials of Wood and Ore, to make a Ton of Pigs in England, colts from 30^. to 4or. per Ton at least; and the same Materials, iu most Parts of,

may be had for little or nothing; and, as he believes.

Labour is cheaper; because a Negro Boy, about 1 a or 14

Year*

I 12

21b A fartii. A. I 737.

Manufacture Years old, is fitted at that Age to learn a Trade, may ori>-oii in be bought for about £.24, and believes his Life to be tlouf anta" wor,h 13 Years Purchase, that will be 405. a Year, Maintenance; Tools and Gloaths are supposed to cost about a Year; which, added to the 40.?. makes his Year's Labour £.6;and any Kind of Labourer in England, will expect 7.?. a Week, which is £.18 a Year; so that Labour in America is-j-ds cheaper than in;

and Provisionsin general being cheaper in than

they are in England, the Price of Provisions and the Price of Labour naturally finding the Balance of each other, Labour in America either is, or mult become, cheaper than in England.

And William Westby Colton, of Haigli near Wakefield, in the County of York, Ironmaster, said, That the Iron which was imported from was fold under

the Price of English Iron of similar Qualities; and, with the large Quantities from Sweden, wps the Cause of the excessive low Price of Iron in 8Cc. and the Cause of several Forges making a less Quantity of Iron than usual; and enough is (till imported to keep the Price of English Iron low: That the yearly Quantity of Iron formerly made in England is decreased several thousand Tons; and is informed, by his Partner in the Stajford/hire Iron works, that more Forges will cease to work there when the Leases are out, which have but few Years to come. It is said, that it is the interest of the Manufactory to have Iron at as low a Price as polli-ble; but it is the interest of the Nation to have Iron at as low a Price as it can be made for in but not

under; and in England Iron cannot be made so cheap, as it is and may be sent from Sioeden, Raffia, and the Plantations: Wages and Carriage are too high; but it is not in the Power oflronmongers to reduce them, till the Nation in general can do it:

That it is certain the Making of Iron is a very considerable Manufacture; for, before the Decrease of making Iron in this Kingdom, about £.200,000 per Annum was paid for Wages; which mud be Bread for Num-. bers of Families; and £. 100,000 to Gentlemen for Cord-

wood and Rents; and that the Making and Manufacturing of Iron in England must go Hand in Hand; for if we lose one, we shall (bon lose the other; and not any Expedient can be found out to preserve the Iron-works in England,but an Advance of the Price of Iron; which

will hinder more Forges from going down, and probably . cause others to work which are now idle; and that more

Iron would have been made, to his Knowledge, at many >Yorks now going, than has been made, had there been a Poftibility of felling it; and more nevy Iron-works would appear, if Encouragement was given; for, to all Appearance, there is an inexhaustible Fund of Iron Ore in the Counties of Lancaster, Westmoreland, and Cumberland, contiguous to Navigation; and the Spring-woods in those Countries are greatly increased.

And Mr. William Rea said, That he had known the Trade of making Iron Pigs and Bars between 30 and 40 Years; and, for about 20 Years, the Trade was carried on, sometimes with Encouragement, and at other Times declining; but, in the Years 1717 and 1718, there happened a Rupture with Sweden, and very little Iron was imported from thence, which used to supply this Kingdom with about 15,000 Ton per Annum: During that Interruption, great Quantities of Iron w’ere imported from Spain, Holland, Denmark, and the East Countries; but afterwards, when Swedish Iron was imported again, the Quantities from those Countries declined; however, there was (lill an Encouragement for Making of Iron and Pigs in England; and, at that time, by a Calculation he thpn made of the Furnaces and Forges in England and Wales, it appeared, the Furnaces made about 25,000 Ton of Pig Iron per Annum, and the Forges about 18,000 Ion of Bar Iron; which was worth, at that time, about £. 1 8 per Ton, and now but £ .15 per Ton: And the Rea-lon why there is not so much Iron made now’ as then, is, as he apprehends, from the great Quantities that is now imported from Sweden and Raffia, thap w'as at that time, to the Increase of about 8 or 10,000 Ton per Annum

and the trice it is now fold for being To much lower than it was at that time.

JYour Committee then proceeded to inquire into the Complaint which the Petitioners have made, of Iron-works being erected in the Plantations; as also, what Sorts of Iron Wares are manufactured there.

And Mr. Spooner said, That the erecting Forges in America will naturally lead them to manufacture all Sorts of Iron Wares; as a Proof whereof, he produced a Letter, dated November 9, 1736, from Middletown, in Nezv England, inviting a Person at Birmingham to come over to them, and to bring Two or Three Nailers along with him; for that it is a good Trade there; that a Man may get for. a Day, and be boarded for joj. a Week;

That, in his Opinion, no Sort of Encouragement can be given to the Colonies in America, to forego their Manufactories, and fend their Iron to in Bars;

the Risque at Sea, the Freights, Incidents, Carriage to and from the Manufactories of this Kingdom, together with the Number of Hands it must necessarily go through, every one of whom will reap fomC Advantage; the Charges will be immensely great, and, in his Opinion, not less than £.50 per Cent.: Therefore, if a timely Stop is not put to the Erecting of Forges, the Exports of the Iron Wares to the Plantations must be loft.

And Mr. John Banijler said. That in Penfilvenia and Neto England, they have made and manufactured Bar Iron for a great many Years pad; and is undoubtedly true, the Drawback 011 unmanufactured Iron arid Steel, being on that Account taken off in the Year 1711;

That, in 1718, at an Assembly of the Council of the MnjffucutasBay, a Premium of 40.9. per Ton Was pro-nnfedto be given on all Bar Iron, that was made equal in Goodness to SpanijhIron: Great Bounties were at. the same time promised, to encourage the Making of Nails, Scythes, and many other Sorts of IronWares; and produced Extracts of Minutes of Council in Assembly of the Maffaculas Bay, of the 6th of June 1718; a Copy whereof is hereunto annexed, by w-ay of Appendix, N° 1.

That, in 1722, there were shipped from Neto England to South Carolina 120 Axes, made at Boston, as appears by the following Certificate; which he produced, sealed with the Custom-house Seal; viz.

" Custom-house, Boston,1 "Know ye, That Mr. Isaac

" New England, $ " Holmes hath here entered " 120 Axes upon due Proof, were here made, now laden " on board the Brigantine Richard and Mary, Jvfeph " Allifon, Mailer, for South Carolina; dated ad May " Anno 8vo Georgii Regis, A 1722. " Archibald Cumings,

" Surveyor and Searcher.

" John Jekyll, Collector."

And Mr. Banijler said, That undoubtedly they do

now not only supply themselves with Axes, but do fend a great many to Carolina and other Places; and that the Quantity of Steel, that is every Year sent from hence to New England, is a convincing Proof, that they make a great many Edge Tools; and that no Axes have been shipped of late Years from hence to Neio England, Neio York, and Penfilvenia, and but very few to Carolina -, and believes every Ironmonger in London can witness the fame.

Then he produced a Letter, dated the 7th of June 1737, from New York, figued Hen. Calvert, and directed to Mr. John Banijler-, out of which, Part of a Paragraph was read; and is as follows; viz.

* There is a Scheme handed about here, relating to " the Making of Bar Iron, and railing Hemp; which " have enclosed: It has been published about Ten " Weeks; and what the Assembly will do therein, w hen " they lit, is not know'll: It is said to be done by the " Deputy Governor. There are futidry Forges in the " Jerseys, where they draw Bar Iron tolerably well. I " have seen it broke, and it appears moll white, with a

small Mixture of black Tough: The Smiths give about

" 24 s.

11 Geo. II.

" 24f-per C. this Money. They flit aJi their Bar Iron " by Hand. The Person, who has, the Ship Work, fays,

" be has 21s. per C. for his Work, Thimbles and all " small Work included; and the Owners find the Bar " Iron."

And Mr. Ranfier said, That, to prevent their manu-

facturing in Penfilvenia or New Engwill he attended with great Difficulties; the Climate in those Northern Colonies being more adapted to the Manufacture of Iron, than those in the Southern Parts; besides, the People themselves are more suited to Trade, and have not any Plantations of either Rice, Sugar, or Tobacco, as they have in other Colonies, to divert them from it: And, should any Encouragement be given to the Making and Importing of Bar Iron from America, it is not impossible but it may take effect in Virginia and j

from whence Freight is very cheap, not exceeding, as he believes, 10 s.per To;n; but then, as Freight from New England and Penfilvenia is not Jess than 40J. Ton, he does not conceive that any Encouragement can be thought on, which will make it worth their while to fend their Iron to England: And, if they should be restrained from making of Bar Iron, and at the same time are supplied with Swedes Iron from England, they will, in his Opinion, still pursue their Manufacture; for they will then have both Iron and Steel as cheap, or cheaper, than our Smiths in England; and that will be full as bad as if they made the Iron themselves:

That, in Rhode I (land, they make Anchors of all Sizes; and produced a Letter, dated 16 June 1737, from New York, signed Hen. Calvert, and directed to himself:

A Paragraph whereof was read; and is as follows:

" In Rhode liland they make Anchors of all Sizes, and " export them to the neighbouring Colonies. I hope,

". before this Time, the Parliament hath put a Stop to " their Career of manufacturing; which, both in that Government, New England, and the Jerseys, begins " to increase vastly."

And Mr. BaniJler also said, That, in Philadelphia, they have several Furnaces and Forges for making Pig and Bar Iron; and One Furnace for making of Steel: And produced a Letter, dated at Philadelphia, August the ill 1737, signed Wm. Bell, and directed to Mr. John West Merchant: Part of the said Letter is as follows; viz.

" I wrote you, in my last, to fend some Scythes, Hook " Locks, Anchors, Sheething Nails Two Inches and 2%

" long, Hinges of all Sorts, Gimblets, or any thing, except Garden Spades, Carpenters Axes and Mauls;

" those they make here."

And he further said, That in the New Jerseys they have several Furnaces and Forges, and in New York they have Plenty of Iron Mine: And last Year they printed a Scheme; which he produced, and is hereunto annexed, N* 2, for the Striking of £.20,000 Paper Money, to encourage the Railing of Hemp, and Manufacturing of Iron; and both in Penfilvenia and New England, they do make a great deal of Bar Iron; of which, not any, except a very small Quantity for a Sample, has been brought to England; but has all been manufactured at home: And produced a Letter, dated 2d, .1737, from New York, signed Hen. Calvert, and directed to Mr. Banfier:Two Paragraphs out of the same were

read; and are as follows; viz.

" This Day I have seen a Piece of Bar Iron from the " Jerseys, which is pretty well drawn. Got the Smith " to break Three Bars cold: They areal) a white tough,

" without any Mixture of Black or Redlhot.

*' There is one Hazard has brought a large Parcel of " Scythes to this Port: He strikes his Name at Length " on each: They fell at Six and 7 s. by Retail, to the " Country People; who prefer them to any other Sort " imported hither."

He was alked, If the Plantations should be prohibited from setting up any Steel Furnaces, would not they then be greatly incapacitated from making any Edge Tools at all?

He said. If they hare no Steel, they can make no Vol. 23.

113

Edge Tools; for the greatest Part Qf the Edge Tools, ManoA&u.-t made in England, are made with Swedes Iron, and Steel Ir"n il* made from Swedes Iron: And he is of Opinion, that if *ioeQg JDta' they toe re prohibited from building any more Slitting Mills ill America, as also building of Steel Furnaces, and by taking off all, er raoft of the Duty upon German Steel imported to England, and by laying on a large Duty on Steel exported to the Plantations, or to foreign Markets, and give them all the Encouragement, at the same time, to the Importation of Pig Iron; those Two great apd valuable Branches, the Making of Nails and Edge Tools, would be preserved.

And Mr. Joshua Gee said. That if the Americans are suffered to make Bar Iron, it may be impossible and un-reasonableto hinder them from manufacturing also; because the Carriage from their Forges to the Sea-ports, the Stowage, Port, and Shipping Charges, the Profit of the Vender there, the Charge of Freight to England, the Rilk of the Sea, the several Profits of the Buyers here, the Carriage to the Manufactories in the midland Parts of this Kingdom, the Re carriage back again to the Sea-ports, the Profits of the Ironmonger and Merchant on Exportation, the Charges of Freight, and the Rilk of the Sea back again to America, with other incidental and contingent Charges, will ever remain unsurmountable Obstaclesto their fending Bar Iron into this Kingdom to be manufactured:

That if their Forges and Manufactures are suffered to increase in the manner they now do, they will constantly drain this Kingdom of great Numbers of our People; which, as our Works of all Kiuds mnft decline here,

Want of Work at home, and a Prospect of higher Wages under new Mailers abroad, they will be continually going from us to them, to the great Depopulation of their Mother Country.

And Mr. William Parkin said, That he believes there are large Quantities of IronWares, as large Nails, Edge Tools, Sic. manufactured in the Colonies in America; because the Number of People there are so increased, and also the Building of Ships in that we

ought to have had Four times more the Demand for Iron Wares than we now have: And that, if more Forges are erected, it will not be their Interest to bring Bar Iron into England, though Duty-free: That great Quantities of Steel are exported to the Colonies; which, if they are prevented from having from England, they will run it from other Parts:

That, should the Slitting Mills in bedestroy-

ed. Iron being as cheap there as in England, they may make large Nails, but not Nails in general, as cheap a3 they can have them delivered there by the Merchant; considering the Expences they are at, in bringing the Iron here to be manufactured. Charge of Carriage, and the Profit the Merchant will make: That no sufficient Encouragement can be given to them, to bring their Bar Iron here, and not to manufacture it themselves:

That he has sent several Hundred Weight of Card Wire to America, for making of Wool Cards; and also Brass Wire, to make Pins.

And Mr. William Wefiby Cotton said. That there being upwards of£.45 per Cent. Difference between the Americans Manufacturing of Iron for themselves, and our manufacturing for them; they will make Nails, Sc. except they were to be disallowed even a Smith’s Shop; for they will, by Hand Labour, at about£.4 per Ton, cut their Iron into small Rods fit for Nails; therefore the debarring them from Slitting Mills w'ould be ineffectual; except, likewise, they be restrained from building more Forges.

And Mr. Knight said, That, if our Iron-works are suffered to be destroyed, many Woods and Coppices will be grubbed up, and turned into Arable and Pasture Land, and the Owners thereof will not leave Timber Handing in the Middle of the;r Tillage; whereas, at present, their is a constant Suceession of young Trees in such Coppices, to supply the Place of Timber, when felled: And he knows, of his own Knowledge, that, in the County of Salop, Wood Lands have been flocked up; and that

G g more

at0 Mar tit.

114

21* Mar tit. A. 1737.

Manufacture more Land is used in Tillage than before the Year 1718: oflron in That he now gives but 7 s, per Cord, in the same Place tionTlanta" ^or Wood, for which, before that time, he gave \ 6s. per Cord; and, when the Iron-works aredestroyed, it wiff be impossible to revive the Trade, so as to supply ourselves even with the same Quantity we now make; and, should we depend upon America, or foreign Countries, for all our Iron, it will be in the Power of those that supply us to impose their own Terms on a Commodity, without ' which we cannot provide ourselves with the common NeceflTaries of Life.

And Mr. Joshua Gee confirmed the Evidence of Mr.

Knight, as to the Reduction of the Price of Cord Wood from i6v. to 7 s.or 6s. per Cord; and said. That though the Price of Cord Wood is so low, several Forges have laid down, and others will soon do the fame; which will occasion those who are possessed of Wood Lands either totally to neglect them, or to (lock them up, as some begin to do already, and turn them to Arable or Paf-tnre Grounds, which will afford them more Profit; and the Wood Lands will, in few Years, be reduced to little or nothing; which will also in time, destroy the Tanning Trade.

And Mr. William W Cotton said, That, if Cord Wood is reduced much lower, Gentlemen will destroy their Woods, as the most unprofitable Lands; and can it be suppoled, that th eand will not advance Iron, above the present Price, when our Iron-works are destroyed; for what Iron comes now from Sweden and Russia F, for the most Part, paid for in Spocie; which, when the Iron-works are destroyed, we must pay all in Specie, and at a higher Price Ton.

And Mr. William Rea said, That when the Furnaces and Forges were kept in full Employ, there could not be less than 208,000 Cord of Wood annually made use of; the Value whereof, to the Owners of such Woods, besides the Cutting and Cording, could not amount to less than £. 105,000 per Annum-,which, by the Decrease of the making of Iron and Pigs, does not amount to above £.50,000 per Annum: And he apprehends, that,

if the Furnaces and Forges were to be discontinued, great Part of the Wood Lands would be grubbed up, and converted into Arable and Pasture Lauds; Put then there are a great many Acres of Wood, which grows upon Rocks and Hills, and that Land will be of no Use to the Owners thereof; and the Consequence, he apprehends, then would be, that England must depend upon foreign Nations for all the Iron that we now use; which is about 25, ooooTon per Annum, besides what is exported to the Plantations:

That he has been concerned in buying of large Quantities of Bark from the Owners of Woods, and has fold feme Part thereof to the'Fanners in England-, and, when ' the Wood Lands in Ireland were destroyed, they were obliged to be supplied with Baik from England-, with which he furnished them at Ton; which has

considerably raised the Price of Bark in England: So that the Owners of CoppiceWoods, from whence comes the belt Sort of Bark, make near -f-ds more in Value of their Bark than what they did formerly: And should the Iron-works be destroyed, many Gentlemen, who, to hi- Know lege, make £.200 and of their

Baik, would make nothing at all; and the TanningTrade in th is Nation would be certainly loft; which, at this Time, brings in a large Revenue to the Crown; for above -fds ofllie Bark made use of in that Trade comes from the Coppice Woods, and is above -pis better in Value than the Bark from Timber Trees.

That it is the Practice, as he believes, in most Parts of the Kingdom, to cut the Coppice Woods, generally kept for the Use of Furnaces and Forges, from 12 to 20 Years (»row th; and to leave a Quantity of Weavers and Standards upon every Acre, which are generally most of them cut down the next fall, unless a few are left that are likely to be Timber Trees, and of those they do not think it advantageous to grow too many of them upon au Acre:

That, upon being aiked if a further Duty was laid upon the Importation of foreign Iron, what Encouragement would it be to the Making of Iron and the Manufacture of it? he said. There might be several Encouragements given to the Making of Pig and Bar Iron in England, as also in Scotland, where, he is informed, there are great Quantities of Woods, and some Furnaces and Forges already erected; and apprehends they are capable of making great Quantities of Iron,was they encouraged; and does not apprehend any immediate Encouragement can be given for the making Pigs and Iron in Great Britain, but by laying a further Duty upon foreign Iron imported; unless a Method could be found out to prevent the Importation of such large Quantities of Bar Iron, which is sold at a lower Price than it is possible to be made for, in any Part of England or Scotland; but apprehends, for the Encouragement of our Home Manufactory, was a Drawback allowed upon the manufactured Iron Wares exported to the Plantations, equal to the Duty to be laid upon foreign Iron, it would be a very great Encouragement to that Branch of our own Manufacture.

The Reverend Mr. JohnSnoio, whorefided in Siveden for Two Years, as his Majesty’s Secretary, attended your Committee, pursuant to their Order, and said. That the Balance of Trade between England and Sweden is considerably more against England, upwards of ,£.100,000 per Annum, of late Years than formerly; very heavy Duties, almost arising to Prohibitions, having been laid on all English Commodities, except Wool, which is imported from England and Ireland, especially to the Port

of Gotthenhurgh, in vast Quantities, sufficient to support

a very great Woollen Manufactory, set up, about 15 Years since, near that Place:

That the Sioedes, contrary to several Treaties now subsisting between the Two Nations, make our Merchants pay double Tonage on all Iron brought from Sweden in English Bottoms; and, he is almost sure, there is an additional Duty on all Iron ftiipped by English Owners; which is expressly contrary to Treaty, and of which our Merchants have often complained, but believes hitherto withoutRedrefs; which hasoccafioned many of them to be naturalized in Sweden, and abjure their native Country;

That England takes thrice the Quantity of Iron from Sweden, more than France, Holland, and all Europe, does besides:

'I’lie Threats the Swedes have oftentimes made, of manufacturing their own Iron, are impracticable, on account of the Sharpness of their Waters, and of their Air, which renders the Iron they attempt to manufacture so brittle, as to be entirely unfit for many Uses, as Anchors, Nails, Sc.: This is a Matter of Fact he has been well assured of by Meggot, the famous Shipwright there, as well as by several other IkilfulPersons in the IronTrade:

That the Swedes are supplied with Iron manufactured

from Germany, and with what Cloth they want by the' Prussians and Muscovites.

It appeared to your Committee, That, by an Edict of the King of Sweden,dated nth December 1734; and also a Copy of a Tax or Rate, to be laid on Goods or Merchandize imported into Sweden, from January the ill 1735, that the Importation of several of our English Goods were absolutely prohibited; and also that a very high Duty, amounting almost to a Prohibition, was laid upon all the rest. Woollen Hose and Yarn only excepted.

The Appendix.

N* I.

4th Con-) ExtraCls of the Minutes of Council, in Affid. y fembly, of the Massacutas B iy, of the 6th of June 1718; Production of Iron in the Plantations.

The Committee of both Houses, appointed by an Order on the Petition of Thomas Bardin of as

entered May 30th, to consider what they think proper to be done, to encourage the Iron Manulactory of this Province, reported, as fellows; viz.

The

Googh

iiGeo. II. 21 ° Marti 115

The Committee appointed by the great and general Court or Assembly of this Province to consider of -the Petition of Thomas Bardin of Scituate, -Ironmonger and Refiner, praying for Encouragement to carry on Iron-works in the said Province; upon Consideration of the said Petition, the Proposals and Allegations therein contained, a*nd making Enquiry of divers others, {killed in the Iron Trade, we humbly offei4 it, as the Opinion of this Committee, That the several after-mentioned Premiums or Bounties be granted or paid, out of thepoblick Treasury of the Province, on the following Articles, being, bona fide,made and performed in the Province;

vi$.

1. 40f. per Ton on all Bar Iron, equal to good Spanish Iron, provided each particular Work makes annually 30 Tons; and for what more they make £.3 per Ton.

2. £.5 per Ton on Rod Iron or Fagots, of a suitable Fineness, to work into Nails, a 3 to 20

3. - - - - 20 dper 1,000 on 20 Nails.

lors. - ----- on 10

id. - ----- on 8 6d. ----- on 6 4 d. — - - - on 4

3d.....on 3d.

made out of good Rod-Iron or Fagots.

4. ii.r. per Doz. on all Scythes, of Three Feet Nine Inches long, equal in Goodness, in all respects, to the belt Sc\tlies imported from Great Britain.

5. 40s. per Ton on all hollow Ware, call out of Iron, of equal Goodness to Engli/hor Dutch Ware.

That the foregoing Premiums or Bounties be continued for the Space of Ten Years to come. Soft on, June 5th 1718. By Order, and in the Name, of the Committee,

Nat. Byfield.

In Council read, and sent down recommended.

II.

A Scheme, by linking Twenty thousand Pounds Paper Money, to encourage the Raising of Hemp, and the Manufacturing of Iron, in the Province of New York; with some Observations, {hewing the Necessity and Advantages thereof.

First, It is proposed, That the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, Part thereof, be let out, on good, sufficient, real. Security, on the following Conditions, to encourage the raising of Hemp.

Secondly, That no Sum exceeding One hundred Pounds, nor less than Twenty five Pounds, be let out to any-one Person.

Thirdly, That there be paid Fiveper Cent. Interest for the First Three Years, in the current Money of the Pro- vince, on the First Day of May yearly, or within Thirty Days after.

Fourthly, That at the Expiration of the Three Years, the said Interest of Five per Cent, shall cease; and the Principal be paid back into the Treasury in Ten Years from the Expiration of the Three Years, at the Rate of Ten Pounds for every Hundred yearly, in good merchantable Hemp, of the Growth of the Province.

Fifthly, That the said Hemp be delivered to the Treasurer, or other Person to be appointed to receive the same, in the Month of April or May yearly, in no less Quantity than the full Value of One-tenth Part of the Principal; the Treasurer, or such other Person as aforesaid, giving a Receipt for the Quantity, to be accounted for by the Treasurer to the Owner, when fold.

Sixthly, That, in Default of Payment of the said Interest of Five per Cent, in Money, or of the principal in Hemp, at the respective Times before-mentioned, the Estate, given in Security, be fold, and, out of the Produce, the Principal and Eight per Cent. Interest, from the Date of the Mortgage, be paid to the Treasurer, with all Coils and Charges, and the Surplus paid to the Mortgager.

Seventhly, That, when the Hemp is delivered, sufficient Proof be made before the Treasurer, that it grew in Vol. 23.

the Province; and nqne to be received by him that is not Mamifartore well rotted, bright, and of a proper Length. of Iron in

Eighthly, That the Deliverer of each Parcel of t|ie Pknta-Hemp affix thereto, on a Ticket, his Name and Place of tl0,8 Abode.

Ninthly That the Hemp be every Year publickly fold in the City of New York, in the Owner’s Name, for ready Money, in the Month of June; and the Time and Place of Sale advertised in the NewsPapers, Three successive Weeks before the Sale.

Tenthly, That the respective Owners have Credit for the Net Proceeds of their Hemp, Two per Cent, being deducted from the Sale and Storage; and the Surplus of his yearly Payments in Ilemp be paid to him, by the Treasurer, in Money.

Eleventhly, That Three, at least, of the Justices of the Peace in each County do meet at the County House, the First Thursday in zf/>r//annually; before whom every Person in the County is to make Oath of the Quantity of Hemp by him raised in the preceding Year.

Twelfthly, That the said Justicos send to the Treasurer, by the last Thursday in April yearly, a disticCt and particular Account thereof.

Thirteenthly, And, that the Manufacture of Hemp may be carried to the greater Perfection, it is proposed.

That the following Bounties be yearly given, as a Reward to such Persons who shall excel in raising and manufacturing of Hemp, fit for the Market; viz.

To the Perfotrwho raises Haifa Ton of the best Hemp, which is to be adjudged of, and determined, on Oath, by Two or Three {kilful and judicious Rope-makers, in the City of New York, the Day preceding the yearly Day of Sale before directed, the Sum of Ten Pounds:

To the Person who raises Half a Ton of the Second best Hemp, Six Pounds:

To the Person who raises Half a Ton of the Third best Hemp, Four Pounds.

This Bounty to commence on the Payment of the First Tenth Part of the principal Money, so, as aforesaid, to be let out, and to be paid by the Treasurer yearly, du-ing the Ten Y'ears allowed for the paying the principal Money, immediately after the yearly Sale of the Hemp; provided that Oath be made, by the Owners of the said Three respective Parcels of Hemp, that the same is of the Growth of their own Farms.

Fourteenthly, It is also proposed, That, at the same time. Ten thousand Pounds, the Remainder of the said Twenty thousand Pounds, be let out at Interest, at Five per Cent, for the Three first Years; and, from thence, that the Principal be paid to the Treasury in 'fen Years, at the Rate of Ten Pounds for every Hundred Pounds, in good Iron, of the Produce and Manufacture of the Province, at the same Times and Manner, and under the like Regulations, as are before proposed for Hemp.

Put, as Iron-works require large Sums of Money to carry them to Perfection, it is proposed, That this Ten thousand Pounds may be let out in any Sum, not exceeding Pounds, and not less than Pounds,

to any One Person or Company.

The Persons delivering Iron to the Treasurer in Payment, as aforesaid, to makeOath, that the same was made at their own Works, and not by’ them bought of any Person whomsoever: This Caution will appear necessary, if we consider that One Iron-work, when it is carried so Perfection, will be capable of delivering out a great ma-nyTons yearly; and the Encouragement being intended to seton Foot many Iron-works, the Intention would be defeated, if Persons were at Liberty to repay the Money lent them in Iron, not of their own Manufacture, but purchased at other Iron-works in the Province.

Fifteenth, In case any Part of the Ten thousand Pounds, intended to encourage the railing of Hemp, should, at the Expiration of One Year, remain in the Treasurer’s Hands, for want of being let out, he may then let it out, to encourage Iroq-works, in manner before proposed.

So, on the contrary, ifany Part of the Ten thousand Pounds, intended to encourage Iron-works, remains in

his

2i° Mar til

ii 6

A. 1737.

Manufacture his Hands at the Expiration of One Year, the Treasurer of Iron in may let it out, to encourage the failing of Hemp, in the Planu- manner before proposed.

lion* But if, notwithstanding this, the whole £.20,000 should

not be let out for those Purposes, at the Expiration of One Year and an Half, whatever remains in the Treasurer’s Hands is to be let out by him, for the remaining Part of the 13 Years afore-mentioned, at the yearly Interest of Six per Cent, to be paid in current Money, of the Province of New York; however, the Treasurer should have Power to call in yearly the Money so let out at Six per Cent, to the Intent that, if any Persons, during the Course of the 13 Years, should be willing to take it up, and to employ it in raising and manufacturing of Hemp and Iron, they may have it on good real Security, as aforesaid, on condition that they repay to the Treasury the whole principal Money in Hemp and Iron, as aforesaid, in equal yearly Payments, by the Expiration of the 13 Years above proposed.

Sixteenth, That the aforesaid Principal and Interest Money be applied to the Support of Government, in Ease of Trade, by lessening the Duties.

Seventeenth, and lastly. That a Tax of per Head,

be laid on all Negroes, old and young, or such other Tax on Estates, real and personal, as shall be an effectual Fund for the linking the said Bills of Credit in Years.

Whoever considers the vile Disposition of our Slaves, the small Service we have of them,' the first Costs, the Uncertainty of their Lives, and the Charge in maintaining them, compared with the low Wages of Servants in Europe,the shameful and pernicious Practice of employing them, as Carpenters, Coopers, Me. and many other Trades, by which Numbers of our People are left defti-tute of Employment, would wish we had not Oue in the Province, and would then gladly submit to any Tax laid on them, or other Discouragement to their Increase among us, as we already have, or, with little Encouragement, might quickly have, white People for its Labour and Manufacture.

The Advantage to the Planter and ManufaCurer appears openly, at first Sight, by their having the Money for the first Three Years at Five per Cent, and having Ten Years from thence to repay the Principal, without any Interest: Tis the Planter and Manufacturer who reaps the First Fruits of this great Encouragement; the Benefit to the Merchant must arise from the Progress that is made in those Works.

We need go no further than our neighbouring Colonies of Neio Jersey and to be convinced,

that fresh Meadows and Swamps are the belt and most natural Lands for Hemp; It is true. That the Expence of draining and clearing them is great; but then it is as true, that the Profit arising from them, when they are cleared and drained, will very soon and abundantly repay that Expence; not only because those Lands yield a Crop of Hemp to the Value of Ten or Twelve Pounds Sterling an Acre, but because they require no Dung; of such Lands there are enough in this Province, that now lie useless.

Nor are we wanting of Iron Ore; our Neighbours know it, and know the Goodness of it; and, to our Shame, we fee them fend their Vesselsfor it, to work up in other Colonies; while we fit still, regardless of what so highly concern us, and fee others grow rich from our Improvidence.

The raising and Manufacturing of large Quantities of Hemp and Iron is One great Encouragement to Shipbuilding; it employs great Numbers of People at home, and gives a Country Reputation abroad: Hence, in agreat measure, it is, that the Trade of that, as

well as other Branches of it, has, within these few Years, swelled to a Bulk hardly to be believed. It is Trade and Manufactures make a Country rich and populous; and, until one is encouraged, and the other set on foot, the Farmer and the Merchant will equally feel the Want of them. Let us look back, and fee what an AlterationTwenty Years has made in the Price of Wheat;

and, if we inquire into the Causes of that Alteration, we shall find them to be chiefly, if not wholly, Two; First, That the West Indies, our only certain Market for Flour, is already well nigh as fully peopled as those Islands will admit of: And, adly. That this, and our neighbouring Colonies, raise more Wheat than those Islands can con-fume: This is our present Situation; and, bad as it is, might be borne with, if it would not grow worse; but he must obstinately shut his Eyes, who does not plainly fee, that every succeeding Year will make our Condition worse; for new Settlements are made, and more will be made, in proportion to the Increase of People, and all in a View to raise Wheat, unless some other Works be set on Foot: If the Quantity of Wheat now raised be too much for the foreign Markets, all beyond that must tend to lower the Price, and reduce the Farmer to Poverty: But if these Manufactures of Hemp and Iron are set on foot, and carried a considerable Length, the Profit arising from them will be found to be so great, that the Farmer will be diverted from raising that Quantity of Wheat which now he does raise; which, of course, will enhance the Price of it; so that he will be a Gainer every Way; and we shall remove that Jealously which the Country Gentlemen of England conceive, of our raising

so much Wheat as may, in time, and as weiucrease in People, prove injurious to their Estatesat Home; whereas we have no Cause to apprehend their Jealously, but have Reason to expefik their Countenance and Encouragement, in those Two great Works of Hemp and Iron; of which I shall speak more hereafter.

The Riches of a Country consists in the Numbers of People rightly employed; and, when they are so, they become useful and serviceable to each other: Thus Tradesmen depend upon the Farmers for the Sustenance of their Families; and the Farmers upon the Tradesmen, for such Manufactures as they want: When Things are so disposed, neither one nor the other have their foie Dependence on Foreign Markets; but, by their mutual Wants, and necessary Occasions, become Markets to each other: Whatever is raised or manufactured beyond that, is exported by the Merchant. By this Order and economy. Manufactures are brought to Perfection, and the Trade and Wealth of a Country advanced; the Farmer thrives from the Demand and Consumption of what he raises; and the Manufacturer, being wholly employed in the Business of his Trade, not only carries it to an high Perfection, but maintains his Family better, and gets more Money, than if he was to employ Part of his Time in railing his own Provifl >n: Hence it is that Landed Estates in Europe are of such great yearly Value, and Manufactures so excellent in their Kind. The more Manufactures we set on Foot the better; something of every Sort is wanted, either for our own Use, or for foreign Markets; but if all Men were to be employed in One Thing, as the Farmers are at present, they would starve.

The Attempts of private Persons, how publick-spirited soever they may be/are ineffectual to retrieve the declining Trade of a Country, or to establish great and considerable Manufactures: These Things are to be hoped for only from the Publick; and we promise ourselves, that those whom we have chosen to represent us in general Assembly, will exert themselves, to the utmost of their Power, for their own, for ours, and for the fake of Pof-terity, to make this a flourishing Country: We have at present a Governor who knows our Wants; and, as his Interest is blended with ours, we may reasonably hope that he will concur with them, in whatever may promote the Trade and Prosperity of the Province: And, we af-sure ourselves, that the Assembly will lay hold on the present Occasion, which, once dipt, may belong ere it be retrieved; and, in the mean time, we shall have the Mortification to fee ourselves oppressed with Poverty, and live in Obscurity, while our Neighbours grow famous abroad, and rich and populous at home.

" The Balance of our Trade with England is now greatly against us; and will continue to be so, till we find out other Returns, which the Two Works proposed will

give

v

it Geo. II. 2i ° Martii

give us; then the Balance of Trade will take a Turn, and be in our Favour; welhall keep our Silver and Gold among us, and the Paper Money proposed to be ilruck will hold its Value.

These Works w'ill give Employment to many Hundred Families, without Fear of over-doing the Market; for England takes yearly, from Siveden only, the Value of Two hundred thousand Pounds Sterling in Iron, and from Rnjfia Seventy thousand Pounds Sterling in Hemp, which it purchases with Silver and Gold j whereas from us they woutd have both thofe Commodities in Exchange for Goods, mostly of their own Manufactures; an Advantage that carries in it an Assurance, that they would prefer our Trade to that of the North: All great Works owe their Greatness to small Beginnings; and why is it more improbable that, we should, in time, send to England those Commodities which we can raise and manufacture, than that England should, as they do, fend far abroad for those Things that they manufacture, and afterwards transport again with Advantage? Besides the Benefit mentioned, it will very much increase. our Navigation and Ship-building: For, if every Farmer in the Province improved only Half an Acre of Land in the raising of Hemp, it would, in the Exportation of it, give Employment to at leaftOne-fourth of our own Shipping: Nor can it be pretended, that we want any other Materials for Ship-building; since we have great Plenty of excellent Mads, Plank, and Timber, and as great Conveniency of Water Carriage for them, as any of our neighbouring Colonies.

The Method by which the Government of this Province is at present supported, being altogether by Im-posts on Trade, lays our Merchants under greater Disadvantages than those of our neighbouring Colonies, where they are exempt from Duties; and there cannot be a greater Discouragement to Trade, Navigation, and Ship-building, than to put our Merchants upon that unequal Foot: Nor is that all; the Farmers feel, the Consequences of it, and pay dear for their Exemption from Taxes; but are willing to impute it to any other, rather than the true, Cause; they complain of the Times, lament that the Markets are low and dull; but won’t inform themselves from whence it proceeds, though it greatly concerns them to know it: Be it known to them, therefore. That it is what I have mentioned; viz. the heavy Weight of Imposts laid on Trade, for the whole Support of Government; and, until a Remedy be applied, Trade will languid], and the Farmer feel the bad EffeCls of it: It is the Farmer’s Interest therefore to bear a Part with the Merchant; and by this Scheme, there is a Method prescribed, which opens to the Planter a Prospect of present Advantage and future Riches, and eases Trade near One thousand Pounds a Year for Three Years, and near Two thousand Pounds a Year for Ten succeeding Years.

To conclude: Let us confidently hope, that the Assembly will seriously consider what is proposed; lay to Heart the low State of the Province; and give Beginning and Strength to those things which now lieufelefs for want of their helping Hand: So will they discharge, with Honour, the great Trust reposed in them; raise the present Age to a more flourishing Condition; and deliver a grateful Memory of their Names to Posterity, with Glory and Riches.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Payment of A11 ingrossed Bill for the more effectual securing the feints. Payment of Rents, and preventing Frauds by Tenants, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 13. L. 28. To leave out the Word " reserved," and to insert the Word " single ;" and, after the Word u Rent," to insert the Words " or Sum."

L. 30. To leave out the Words " additional " and reserved," and to insert the Work " doubleand, after the Word " Rent," to insert the Words " or Sum." Vol. 23.

And the same were, upon the Question severalty put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more effectual securing the Payment of Rents, and preventing Frauds by Tenants.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Pelham of Lewes, from the Commissioners for Spanifo De-Trade and Plantations, presented to the House,pursuant predations in to their Address to his Majesty, Copies of Papers re- American ceived by the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plan- eas‘ tations, relating to the Losses sustained by his Majesty’s Subjects, by Depredations committed by the Spaniards in Europe or America, to Midsummer 1 737, which have not already been laid before this House; together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read; and is as followeth:

1. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Gover-

nor of the Bahama Islands, dated at New Providence, the 20th of Anguft 1735; inclosing.

Copy of a Deposition and Protest, made by Samuel Laivford, complaining of a Ship unjustly seized by the Spaniards.

2. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Matthew, Governor of the Leeward Islands, dated at Antigua, the 17th of January 1736-7; inclosing.

The Deposition of William Fisher, relating to a Spanish Guarde de Cdte, or Privateer.

3. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Mathezo, Governor of the Leeward Islands, dated the 14th of June 1737, relating to the Depredations by the Spaniards on Two English Ships.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of divers Merchants, Planters, and others, trading to, and interested in, the British Planta-tations in America, in behalf of themselves, and many others, is referred.

Mr. AMerman Perry reported from the Committee, Shoreditch to whom the Petition of the principal, and divers other to Stamford Inhabitants of the Parish of St. John, at Hackney, in the Roads-County of Middless.r; and also the Petition of Francis John Tyffen Esquire, Lord of the Manor of and

others, principal Land Owners and Inhabitants within the Parish of St. John, Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, in pursuance of the Order of the House, examined the Ma.ter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, the Petitioners called,

Mr. Samuel Sadlier, Vestry Clerk: Who, being examined, said, That the Parish of Hackney is a Place of great Resort of Persons from the City of London, to the Turnpike on Staniford-hill,on the Northern Road: And

that the Road from Shoreditch is, and has been for many Years pad, in a very ruinous and dangerous Condition; occasioned by the many heavy Carriages and Loads of Brick, Clay, and other Materials for making of Bricks, together with Gravelfor amending the said Road, passing and repalfing through the fame: And that Part of the said Road, between the Salmon and Ball and Cambridge heath, is so narrow. That Two Coaches cannot pass each other: And that Coaches have been overturned there; and Horses, sometimes, in Danger of being loft.

He further said. That there are no Ditches on either Side of feme Part of the said Road: And that the Town of Hackney is so situated, that the Road has but little

H h - Benefit

n8 2i° — 12° MartiL A. 1737.

Benefit from the Sun or Wind; and although the same is not the High Road, yet Numbers of Travellers pass and repass through the fame:

That many of the belt Houses in the said Parish are, and have been, empty for several Years j which, he apprehends, is occasioned by the badness of the Roads: That it appeared, by looking over the Surveyor’s Books for the Year 1737, there were 145 Houses uninhabited; some of which were, and are, in very good Repair: He further said. That the Statute-work, . s. d. chargeable for the Year 1737, amounted to 563 8 —

And that Labourers, excused through Disability, - -147 11 —

Teams, working short, - 21-----

Three Days loft by Woodley 15-----

Abated, those who paid, instead of working, zs. each Day; by reason if they all worked at once they would have hindered each other - - 16 a —

199 13 —

Paid to Newington Turnpike, which they are obliged

to do by Act of Parliament 100-----

----- *99 >3 —

a6a 15 —

So that there remained the Sum of £.z6z 1 £s. od.to be laid out on the

Road; which is as follows; viz.

By the Surveyors, for Ballast and

other Materials ----- 230-----

Teams that performed Work - - 108 10 —

For Labourers Work at 1s.6d.per Diem 14 7 —

£. 352 17 —

And Mr. Sadlier also said, That the Inhabitants are not able, by their Statute Work, to amend the said Road, and keep the same in Repair, for the Accommodation of Travellers, unlefr some other Provision be made for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from the Stones End, in the Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of through the Town of Hackney, to Stanford Hill, in the great Northern Road, in the said County: And that Mr. Alderman Firry, Mr. Bramston, and Mr. Gybbon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Clandestinc A Petition of the Woollen Manufacturers of the Exportation Borough of Nexvlon, in the County of Devon, in behalf ot Wool. themselves, and other Persons concerned throughout Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Running of great Quantities of . Wool to foreign Parts, from Great Britain and Ireland: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to provide such Remedies, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Lawsrefped- A Petition of the Cordwainers, and other Manufac-inS turers, dealing in Leather, in the Town of Northampton,

M er' was presented to the House, and lead; complaining of

an Incroachment upon the Trade of Cordwainers of this Kingdom, by the Curriers; and representing to the House the Injury which they will be subject to, by the Palling of a Bill into a Law, in Favour of the Curriers, for the Cutting of Leather: And therefore praying to receive such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Royal Assent A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, to Bill*. Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended his Msjeifty in the House of Peers; where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several public Bills, and One private Bill, following; viz.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters:

An Act for repairing the Road leading front the Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of ham, through Cojtock, otherwise Cortlingfiock Lane, to the Bridges, commonly known by the Name of Cotes Bridges, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or fold, within the Townt of Aberbrolhock, and Liberties thereof:

An Act for naturalizing Abraham Blydefteyn.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Spanish resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Depredation* consider further of the Petition of divers Merchants, 'sne^lDeritan Planters, and others, trading to, and interested in, the aea8‘

British Plantations in America, in behalf of themselves, and many others;

Ordered, That the several Papers presented to this House, the 13th Day of May 1735, relating to his Majesty’s Commissaries in Spain, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Papers presented to this House, the 23d Day of January 1735, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Papers presented to this House, the 19th Day of February 1735, relating to the Loftes sustained by his Majesty’s Subjects, by Depredations committed by the Spaniards in Europe or America, since the 25th Day of March 1725, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Aderman Perry took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Perry reported from the Committee,

That they had heard further Evidence touching the Matter referred to them; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of divers Merchants,

Planters, and others, trading to, and interested in, the

British Plantations in America, in behalf of themselves, and many others.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 2° die Martii \

Anno ii* Georgii II4' Regis, 1737.

Prayers.

SI R Christopher Powell reported from the Committee, East

to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freehold- Greenwich ers, and other Inhabitants, dwelling in the Towns of Roa(ls-

Greenwich, Deptford, Lewisham, Woolwich, Lee, and tham, and other Parishes and Places contiguous thereto, in the County of Kent-, and also the Petition of the feve-

ral Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Parishes of Dartford, Stone, and

Swanfcombe, in the County of Kent, and others Inhabiting within the said County; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Mary Magdalen's, Bermtmdfey, in the County of Surry, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

were

ii Geo. II. 22° Martii. up

wrere referred; That the Committee had examined the payoff the Debt, and repair the Highways, before the Afatters of the said Petitions; anti had directed him tore- Act expires; and that, for Five or Six Years pall, the Greenwich port the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; whole Tolls have been laid out, except i8q, paid to Roads, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards Sir Thomas Stephens, within these Four Years; and that delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same it will require as much Money to repair the Road for was read; and is as follows; viz. Four Years to come, as had been expended in the Four

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the former Years.

House, examined the Matters of the said Petitions: Mr. Mason said. That the Roads are not in so good

And, in order to prove the Allegations of the First Repair as they were Two Years ago; and there being a Petition, Debt 1,024 very little has been laid out in Repairs

The Petitioners laid before the’ Committee,* an Act, on the said Highways: And that, if the Term and Pow-p a fled in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Ma- ers be further continued, and the said Road not be ex* jeftjF, for repairing the Roads from the St ones End in Kent- tended further, some of the Tolls might have been abated. street, ip*the Parish of St. George, Southwark,in the Mr. John Mr. John Denham, Mr.

County of Surry, to the Lime Kilns in East Greenwich, Wooden, Mr. John Holden, and Mr. Joseph Dermen, be-near Blackheath, and to Lewisham Church, being the ing severally examined, said. That the Roads leading Tunbridge Road, in the County of Kent; which Act was from the Lime Kilns in East Greenwich, near,

to commence from the 25th of March 17183 and to to the Town of Hartford, being the Road to Dover, are continue and be in Force for 11 Years. in many Parts thereof very narrow; and, by reason of

The Petitioners likewise produced another Act, made many heavy Carriages passing the fame, become very in the 6th Year of his late Majesty, for enlarging the ruinous; and although the several Parishes, through Term granted by the said Act, passed in the Fourth which the said Roads do lead, have constantly done and Year of his said Majesty’s Reign; and for repairing and performed more than by Law they are required to do, amending the Highways and Roads leading from West- and neglected the amending the private Roads; yet the mivfter Ferry, in the parish of Lambeth, in the County same has proved ineffectual, by reason of the many of Surry, to New Cross, in the Parish of Deptford, in the Quicksands, and Narrowness of some Parts thereof; and County of Kent; and for enlarging the Term granted unless some other Provision be made, for amending and by an Act, in the Fourth Year of his said Majesty’s widening some Parts of the said Highways it will be Reign, for amending the Roads from the City of Lon- impossible for the several Parishes, through which the dof,to the Town of East Grufted,in the County of said Roads do lead, to amend and keep the same in Re-

Suftex, and . to Sutton and Kingson, in the County of pair, fit for the Accommodation of Travellers.

Surry-, and for explaining and amending the same: The said Mr. further examined, relating

Which Act was to-be in Force from the Expiration to the Condition of the said Road, leading from West-of the aforesaid Term of 11 Years, for the further Term minster Ferry to the Parish of Lambeth, in the County of Ten Years; which last mentioned Term will expire of Surry, unto New Cross, in the county of ; at Lady-day 1739. said, That some Part of the said Road is in a much bet-

Then the Petitioners called, ter Condition than it formerly was, by reason of the

Mr. William Radley, Clerk to the Trustees: Who, Monies laid out in the Repairs thereof; and thht he ap-being examined, said, That the Tolls and Duties, col- prehends, that alefs Sum than formerly will be sufficient Ipfted by virtue of the said Acts, have been duly applied to keep the said Roads in Repair, in repairing the Highways, according to the Directions To prove the Allegations of the last mentioned Peti-of the said Acts: And that, by reason of the ruinous tion, the Petitioners called,

Condition the same were in, at the Commencement of Samuel Bincks: Who being examined, said, That, in the first-mentioned Act, the Trustees were under a Ne- pursuance of the Acts of Parliament, mentioned in the ceflity of borrowing the Sum of £. 4,904 on the Credit Petition, a Turnpike hath been erected in the Parish of of the said Tolls, for the speedy Repairs of the said High- St. George, in the County of Surry, cross the Road ways, and which has been duly applied for that Pur- which leads through to Bridge:

pose: And said, That the said Road is the nearest Way to Lon-

That, by the lust-menlioned Act, the said Trustees don Bridge, and is a publick High Road; and that the were directed to pay the Trustees for repairing the Inhabitants of the said Parish cannot pass the same with Reads leading from West m infer Ferry through the Pa- Horsesor Carriages, without paying to the saidTumpike. riflies of Newington and Camberwell, to New Cross, the Mr. John Broioning and Mr. Thomas Watson, said.

Sum of £. 150per Annum, at Four quarterly Payments; That the Road leading through the Parish of Bermond-which has constantly been complied with: fey is the nearest Way to London Bridge, and other

That the Trustees have, by reason of Materials ly- Parts of Southwark; and that it is the best Road, being ing at a great Distance from great Part of the said less on the Pavement than that leading through Kent Roads, been ata great Expence in Repairs thereof; so Street .-That many Coaches, Waggons, heavy Carriages, that they have not been able to satisfy and pay off all and Horses, coming from Kent, and some Parts o the Debts before mentioned: Surry, pass the said Road to and from London; by

That there still remains due, on the Credit of the said which means the same is continually worn.

Tolls, the Sum of £. 1,024: And, in regard the Term Mr. said. That, since the erecting the

granted by the said Acts expires at Lady-day 1739, the said Turnpike, the Petitioners and Inhabitants of the same cannot be repaid before the Expiration thereof, said Parish of St. Mary, have been obliged

unless the Repairs of the said Highways are totally neg- to make Rates at Rack Rents, upon the Lands and Te-lested; and that some Parts thereof remain still, in the nements lying in the said Parish, from to 5 in the Winter Season, in a very ruinous Condition. Pound, towards repairing the said Road, being near a

Mr. Elias Wood, Surveyor of the said Roads, < onfirm- Mile in Length,

ed the Evidence of Mr. Radley, relating to the Mate- John Scellers said. That he was Surveyor in the Year rials lying at a great. Distance from the said Highways; 1731; and, in that Year, there was raised in the said and likewise the gn at Expence the Trustees were at in Parish £. 252 2j. 6d. at a Rate of 5 in the Pound: the Purchase and Carriage thereof: And that, by reason of the many heavy Carriages fre-

And he said. That several Parts of the said Roads are quendy passing through the said Road, there waslaidout very much out of Repair; particularly that Part leading in the Repairs thereof, in that Year, Two-thirds of the from Deptford Bridge to Blackheath; which, in the Money which was so raised: And that the Road might Winter Season,*is in a very ruinous Condition. be kept in Repair at a much less Expence, ifthofe heavy

Mr. Smith, Treasurer to the said Trustees, being exa- Carriages did not pass through the fame; but that several mined, said. That the Receipts of the Turnpike will not Carts, loaded with Hay, go that Way to the Market in Vol. 23. the

120 22° Martiu^.1737.

V- /

East Green- the Borough of Southwark, being by Admeasurement, wich Roads. much nearer to London Bridge than the Road through

Kent-street.

Mr. Benjamin Wild said. That, forthefe several Years past, there has been laid out on the said Road near £. 100 a Year more than was formerly laid out before the said Turnpike was erected, by reason Carriages are loaded much heavier lince the TurnpikeRoad has been amended, than before.

Mr. Henry Cordell said. That there were not so many heavy Carriages which used the said Road about Twenty Years ago; but moll of the Tunbridge Waggons and Coaches, and other Carriages, come out of Kent that Way, in order to avoid Kent-street.

The said Witnesses being then examined, as to the Statute-work done by the Inhabitants of the said Parish, said. That several of them do their Statute-work, besides paying the said Rates; but that there are several poor Persons living in the said Parish, who, in regard to their Poverty, have been excused paying the said Rates.

The laid Witnesses further gave Evidence, That the said Road cannot be kept in Repair, by the Laws now in being, without some other Provision be made for that Purpose.

Then the Petitioners the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants of the Parish of

Stone, Northjleete, and Swanfcombe, in the County of Kent, to prove the Allegations of their Petition, laid before the Committee, an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen for enlarging,

amending, and maintaining, the Road between

fletle, Gravesend, and Ro in the County of Kent,

whereby several Tolls and Duties were granted, for repairing the said Highways; which Act was to continue in Force for the Term of 13 Years, ending the bth of June 1735:

Also another Act, made in the nth Year of his late Majesty King George for enlarging the Term granted by the said Act; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; whereby it appeared, That the several Tolls or Duties, granted by the said former Act, were further continued from the bth of June 1725, for the further Term of 15 Years: And the Collectorsor Receivers of the said Tolls and Duties were, by Order of the Justices, at their monthly Meeting, to be held so r the North Divifton of the Laithe of Ailesford, to pay the Sum of £. 100 Sterling yearly, for the widening, and more effectual repairing, and amending, the Road leading from the East End of the Town of Chatham, to Street under the

Blean, in the County of Kent.

By another Act, made in the Third Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Town from Chatham to Saint Dunjian's Cross-, and other Purposes therein mentioned; so much of the said last mentioned Act, as appropriates the Sum of£ 100 for the Purposes above-mentioned, was, from the 6th Day of June 1736, to Hand repealed.

The Petitioners then called,

Jonathan Smith Esquire, Mr. Edward AJled, Mr. John Woodioin, and Phineas Smith: Who, being severally examined, said. That the Road leading from North Jleete to Rochester is in very good Repair; and that they believe it to be one of the bell Turnpike Roads in England; and that the same is, in a great measure, owing to the prudent and good Management of the Gentlemen concerned in the Trull, and to the great Income arising from the Tolls of the said Turnpike; and that, they believed, the Tolls might be sufficient to repair the Roads to Dartford.

M r. Edward AJled, Mr. John Woodwin, and Phineas Smith, being further examined, said. That, in regard the said Road from Northjleete to Rochester is so well repaired and amended, that there will not be wanting more than Half the Money now, to repair and amend the fame, than what was formerly applied for that Purpose.

Jonathan Smith Esquire, Mr. Edward AJled, Mr. John Woodwin, and Phineas Smith, further said. That the great Road leading from the Stones End in to the City of Rochester, which lies beyond the said Town of Dartford, in the Parishes of Dartford, Stone, Northjleete, and Swanfcombe, is, in many Parts, very narrow,' and much out of Repair ;which renders it extremely dangerous for Passengers travelling through the same; several Persons having, within these few Years, lost their Lives by reason thereof.

Mr. Smith further added. That there are many cross Roads leading through the said several Parishes, and which are very bad; by which means,the Parishes have been at very considerable Charges in repairing the fame, besides the Statute-work done thereon: And that he himself has been at great Expences on that^Account, besides doing his Statute-work.

The said Mr. Smith further said, That, by reason of the great Charges the several Parishes have been at, in repairing the said cross Roads, they are not able, by their Statute-work, to repair the great Rochester Road leading through the said several Parishes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, and enlarging the Terms in several Acts of Parliament, made in the Fourth and Sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, respectively, for repairing and amending the several Roads therein mentioneded; and for repairing and amending the Road from the Lime Kiln near Blackheath, to the Town of Dartford, in the County of Kent, and from the Turnpike in the Parish of St. George, in the County of Surry, cross the Road through BermondjeyParish to London Bridge: And

that Sir ChristopherPowell, Sir Edward Dering, Mr.

Papillon, Mr. Scawen, Colonel Onfiozv, Sir Robert

Sir Thomas Hales, and Mr. May, do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted in and by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, foV enlarging, amending, and maintaining, the Road between Northfleet, Gravesend, and Rochester, in the County of Kent; and also another Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term granted by the said former Act; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for explaining and amending the said Acts; and also for repairing the Highways from Northfleet aforesaid, to Dartford, in the said County: And that Sir Christopher Powell,

Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Papillon, Admiral Haddock,

Mr. Polhill, Mr. Finch of Maidstone and Mr. monden Turner, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. William Plumer reported from the Committee, to Lemsford whom thej Bill forenlarging the Term and Powers granted Mill, &c. and given by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Ito"Js* Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the Roads from Lemsford Mill,in the County of Her ford, to Welzoyn, and from thence to Cory's Mill, and from

Welwyn, through Codicot, to Hit chin, in the said County; and also for repairing the Roads from Cory's Mill to Hitchin aforesaid; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and ma(le several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he reaid the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one;and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Hojife.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for continuing an Act, made in the Sixth Latage&c. Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An " the Act for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames, was read a Second Jime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Norris, Mr. Hooper, Sir Thomas Lee, Lord Limerick,

Mr

t

iiGe6.IL i i? Mar lit.lit

Mr. Walts, Mr. Holden, Adthiral Colonel

Jlozv, Mr. Alderman Pern/, Mr , Mr«

Made, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Sir Wm. Clay-

ton, Lord Baltimore, Sir 1'homas Clarke, Mr.

Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Alderman Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Corbett, Sir Robert Sir

James Grant, Mr. Abercro Mr. Burrell, Lord

warth, Mr. Crou te, Mr. Maijter, Mr. Trevor, Sir Robert Monro, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Gybbon, S\r Nathanael Curzon, Captain Purvis, Sir Roger Lord Gage, Mr. Byng, Mr. Retell, Mr. Bffie, Captain Martin, Mr. Stert, Mr. Mr. Chctivynd, Mr.

C'lutterbuck. Sir Thomas Admiral

Mr. Frankland, Mr. Campbell, Sir Elton, Lord Tyrconwll, Sir Eduard Dering, Sir Ch>\ Powell: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

1

tin*i» A Petition of the Ileretors and Freeholders of the MroetedBre. County of Fife, North Britain, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for themselve*', and in the Name of the other Gentlemen of the County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Manufacture of Linen, Thread, SCc. is of the greatest Consequence to the Nation in general, and to that County in particular, and hath been considerably improved and increased of late Years, by the Encouragement of the Legislature, and might be carried on to a much greater Extent, by further A (finance and Favour, and ihe Removal of some Discouragements the said Manufacture lies under; particularly on account of the Drawback allowed on the Ex}>ortation of foreign Linen, Thread, SCc. t6 the British Plantations, to the great Hindrance of the Consumption of our own Produce: And therefore praying the House to take off the said Drawback on foreign Linens, Threads, SCc. and to grant such further F.ncouragement to the said Manufacture, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That thesaidPetition be referred to the Cori-sideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Report from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Merchants of the City of Ij}ndon, A\\d other Dealers in l h<Manufactureof Linens, Threads and Tapes, made in Great Britain and Ireland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do at-EWtivH. *end this House Tomorrow Morning, with the last Re-tnrn for the Borough of New in the County of Berks.

Xycrwmng - A Bill to enable J< hu Nairneto sue, or maintain any

D-cIhT* -h - Action oiwSu*t, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to Auliude-. remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole I louse.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Seven -night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

letting A Bill to enable William Douglas, eldest lawful Son Douglas* to Sir Robert Douglas of Glenbervie, Baronet, to sue, or Attainder maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of Ills said Attainder,- to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may have defeended or come to him finee his fate Maj< fly’s most gracious Pardon, dated the 6th Day of February, in the Sixth Year of his Reign, or that Shall hereafter defeend or come to him; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Ref dyed, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven-Vox.. 23.

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said ..

A Petition of the Litieti Drapers, of the City of Linen

whose Names are thereuhto flibscribed, was presented to Manufacture, the House, and read; rCpresenting to the House, That, should the Drawbacks, allowed on the Exportation of foreign Litiehs, be taken off, it will necessarily advanced the Price or Linens for the Consumption of this Kingdom, and occasion their going much dearer to the British Plantations, and all foreign Parts, to the great Dif-cOuragement of the Trade and Manufactures, Colonies and Navigation, 0 i Great Britain,

A Petition of the Governors, AffillantS, and Fellow* Ditto, ship of Merchants Adventurers of England, was also-presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petit ioners, the Governor and Affiilants of the moil antidnt Fellowship of Merchants Adventurers of England, employed for hiany hundred Years in carrying on the Commerce between this Kingdom and Cannot but be alarmed at the Apprehensions of any Alteration intheCduffe of a Trade so advantageous to his Majesty’s Subjects, the Balance thereof being greatly in their Favour; and that, as the Petitioners conceive, the passing a Bill for taking off the Drawback on foreign Linens, Threads, and Tapes, will not be attended with the defn able EffcCl Of encouraging the Industry of their Fellow Suhjects; but t.int, on the contrary, it will only tend to the burdening of Trade, and railing the Price of those Commodities; so much to the Prejudice of his Majesty’s Subjects in America, as may put them upon clandeitine Methods of supplying their Wants, fiom the Dutch and French Settlements, to the great Detriment of the British Trade; and that the Petitioners hre apprehendvo, that the Consequence of laying foreign Linens under such Discouragements, will be, the ex-poGng their Woollen and other Manufactures to the like Difcduragements, and in several Parts of Germany to an entire Prohibition; and that, in these, and many other respects, such an Act will be highly prejudicial to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom: And therefore expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, That the House will not fee any Cause to take off the said Drawbacks on the Exportation of foreign Linens, Threads* and Tapes.

- A Petition of the several Merchants of London, in- D;tto. terefted in the Trade-carried on by Great Britain to Germany, Holland, and the East Country, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, wasalfo presented to the House, and read; representing the House, That the whole Quantity of Linen, made by the Manui’a&urers of Linen in Great Britain and Ireland, is not sufficient to answer above One-fourth Partofourown Home Consumption in England; and likewise, that there are several Species or Kinds of Linen necessary for the Linen Trade, which none of onr Manufactories in Scotland or Ireland have, or as the Petitioners apprehend and believe, can make; and that, as the whole Quantity of Linen made in Great Britain and Ireland is not near sufficient to answer our Wants, and likewise to serve our Plantations, and the Trade we carry on the Coast of Guinea, Barbary,

Spain, See.; and that we take great Quantities of Linen,

Threads, and Tape, from Germany-, in Return for which GcrmamjtaV.es front usgreatQuantitiesof WoollenGoods*

Leather, Tin, Lead, Birmingham and Sheffield Wares, and also great Quantities of Rice, Ginger, Tobacco, and all other Commodities, of the Growth and Produce of our British Plantations, and likewise Callicoes, plain and printed, Coffee, Tea, and other East India Commodities; and that their thus taking foreign Linen, to answer those Wants, which the Scots and Irish are not able to supply, cannot pofiibly interfere with onr Linen Manufactures, so as to prevent their finding a Market for all they do, or can make; because there is a Duty, upon an Average, from 20 to 25 per Cent, laid on the Importation of all foreign Linens, besides the great Expence in bringing them to England; and that, notwithstanding the Draw-

1 i back

Linen

Mtgufadure.

Marshall’t

Foundation of Christ Church Surrey.

i . /

taa a*f Martii. A, *737.

back of foreign Linens, yet Half of the Old Subsidy remains; and that the Trade we thus carry on with Germany, apd in which the Petitioners are greatly concerned, is very beneficial to this Nation, the Balance of this Trade being ip Favour of Great Britain; pad that the Li pep. Threads, and Tape, on the Expqrtation wherepf the Drawbacks *ffe allowed, are carried principally to pur awn Pl^ntatipos \ who, if they were not supplied by us on the easy Terms they now are, would, in a|l Probability, be tempted to have their Linen from the French or Dutch, or plfe raise and manufacture it amongst themselves; and that> should the Drawbacks on the Exportation of the foreign Linen, Threads, and Tape, he taken Off, the foipe would, as the Petitioners apprehend, be attended with Consequeuces destructive to the trpe Interelf of this Kingdom, and very much prejudice the Commerce of it; as |t would, pp the one hand, raise the Price of Linen, and thereby disable ns from parrying Linen, Threads, and Tape, to our Plantations, and other Barts abroad, at the same cheap and easy Bate as we now do, the Conferences whereof might be attended with the entire Loss of that Branch of our Trade; and a* it might, on the other hand, greats ly affect, if npt put a Stpp to, the Importation of our Wpplleo and other Manufactures into Germany, and that, as the Petitioners apprehend, the Taking off the said Drawbacks would, in many other respeds, greatly prejudice the Trade of this Kingdom, and would, at the same time, as the Petitioners conceive, he of no real Benefit to the Linen Manufactories of Great Britain and Ireland.

A Petition of the Merchants, dealing in, and Manur facturprs of, Linens and Threads, in and near the City of Glasgow, jn North Britarn, on behsff of themselves, ana many others, concerned and employed, in the said Manur failures, was also presented to the House, apd read; com? plaining of several Difcpuragemepta the feuf Manufactures now labour under; hut more particularly on account of the Drawbacks allowed on the Exportation of foreign. Linens and Threads; and by reqfon, that all the Materials used in whitening of Linen and Thread, and particularly Aftfes and Soap, are, in this Country, burdened with high Duties, which, in all other Linen Conn-? tries, are subject to none; whereby our Neighbours are enabled to uoderfeil us both at home and abroad: And therefore praying the House to take the Premiles into Consideration; and to give such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem moll meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Report from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Merchants, of the City of London, and other Dealers in the Manufacture of Linens, Threads, and Tapes, made in Great Britainand Ireland, whose Names are there-

unto subscribed, was referred.

A Bill to impower the present Trustees, under the last Will and Testament of John Marshall Gentleman, deceased, to lay out a certain Sum of Money, now in their Hands, for pulling down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Christ Church, in the County of Surrey, and for inclosing a Piece of Ground, lately purchased, for enlarging the Church-yard belonging to the said Church; was read a Second time.

R(solved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Robert JIucks, Sir Robert Clifton, Sir John Norris, Mr.

Mr. Sandy, Colonel Onslow, Mr. , Sir Wm.

Codring ton, Mr. Bradjhaio, Sir Roger Mr.

Yorke, Dr. Lee, Mr. Yates, Mr. More, Mr.

Mr. Laroche, Mr. Brerelon, Mr. Longueville, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Lord Grey, Sir CMr.

Sir Win, Wentworth, Mr. CroJJe Mr Mr. Med*

lycolt, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Burrell, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Sir. White, Mr. Parsons, Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr.

llorfmonden Turner, Mr. Archer, Sir John Kaye, Mr. L'flic, Mr. Toner, Sir Wm. Heathcote: And they are it

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed, that Mr. Oxenford, Smyrna from the Commissioners of the-Custopns, attended at the Kaiiiusim-Door; P°rted-

l^e was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Imports of Raisins from Smyrna, and the Duties paid thereupon, from Christmas 1718 to Christmas 1721; distinguishingeach Year: And also,

AnAccount of the Amount of the Imports of Raisins from Smyrna, and the Duties paid thereupon, from Christmas 1728 to Christmas 1731; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Imports of Raisin* from Smyrna, and the Duties paid thereupon, from Christmas 1734 to Christmas 1737; -distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accountsdo lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to Inrolmeirt refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing further Time for lorolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Furchafers, Devisees, and Lessees; be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Winning ton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr, Sneaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Winninglon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Comptroller presented. to the House, pursuant to Treaty with their Address to his Majesty, a Copy of the Treaty be- Spam ,a tween Great Britain and Spain, concluded at Madrid, 1 the tV Day of July 1670: and also,

A Translation off the said Treaty.

And the Titles of the said Copy and Translation were read.

Ordered, That the said Copy and Translation be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of divers Merchants, Planters, and others, trading , to, and interested in, the British Plantations in America,in behalf of themselves and many others,

is referred.

The said Copy and Translation are bound up with the other Papers, of this Session.

Resolved, That an bumble Address be presented to his Papers re- Majesty, That he will be geaciously pleased to give Di- specting redions, to be laid before this House, Copies or Ex- Captures by tracts of such Representation or Representations which , has or have been made by the Council and Assembly of Bay, fce. Jamaica, to the Commissioners for. Trade and'Plantations; relating to the Captures of English Vessels by the Spaniards, in the Bays of Honduras and Campeachy, since the Year 1-731.

Ordered, That the said Addrefe be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Counsel.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Linen refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Manufacture, consider of the Report from the Committee to whom the Petition of the MerchantsoftheCityof London, and other Dealers in the Manufactures of Linens, Threads, and

Tapes,

r

u Geo. II. 22# — 23

Tapes* made -in Great Britain and Ireland, whole Names are thereunto subsenbed, was referred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* to consider of the said Report.

ChriR- The Order of the Day being read, for the Second

church, Reading of the Bill for the better enlightening the open

Middlesex, Races, Streets, Lanes,’Passages, and Courts; and for the ^tre«t>, &c. i,etter regulating the nightly Watchand Beadles; within the Parish of Christ-church,in the County of Ordered, That the said BUI be read a Second time upon Tomorrow Sevennigbt.

tycys The Order of the Day being read, for the House «d Means, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tq consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Rejoined, That tb\s House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read j S panto £«. The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

predatiotta whole House, to consider further of the Petition of divers w American Merchants, Planters, and others, trading to, and interested in, the British Plantations in, America, in behalf of themselves, and many others.

XIr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Perry took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Perry reported, That they had heard further Evidence touching the Matter referred to them; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of divers Merchants, Planters, and others, trading to, and interested in, the British Plantations in , in behalf of them-

selves, and many others.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

t


Jews,23* Mar tit$

Anno ii* Georgii II"1 Regis, 1737.

Praters.

Relief of "]V/f Thompfonof York reported from the Commit-Debton, &c. i-VJl tee to whom the Bill lor the Relief of such Prisoners for Debt, as have, by unavoidable or unforeseen Accidents, loft the Benefit of being discharged, by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors; and to indemnify such Sheriff or Gaolers, as have, by unavoidable or unforeseen Accidents, incurred any Penalties, or subje&ed themselves to any Action or Actions at Law, oq account of the said Prisoners not being discharged was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereuuto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House.

You 23.

9 Martii. I $3

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Colonel Onslow reported from the Committee to whom ftotherhitk the Bill to enlarge the Term anil Powers granted by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled,

An Act to enable the Parish ioners of the Parish of St.

Mary, Rotherhith, in the County of Surry, by certain 1 Funeral Rates therein mentioned, to flnish the said Parish Church; and to enable the said Parishioners to raise such farther Sums of Money as shall be necessary for purchasing a convenient Piece of Ground for an additional Burial Ground; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and* upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Horsemonden Turner reported from the Commit- JHeu* tee to whom the Bill to enable William Ef- hame.

quire, heretofore called William Meux, and the Heirs

Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Maf-singberd. pursuant to a Settlement made by Sir William Majjingberd Baronet, deceased, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of, and Dealers in, ProhibUiwi woven Buttons and Button-holes made of raw Silk, and of Stuff’ Mohair Yam, and other Materials, in the Town of Bir- buu©n», minghdm, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Bill now depending in this House, to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act for employing the Manufacturers, and encouraging the Consumption of raw Silk and Mohair Yarn, by prohibiting the wearing of Buttons and Button-holes made of Cloth, Serge, or other Stoffs, and making the same more effectual, will, if passed into a Law, be injurious to the Publick, as well as to the Dealers in the Manufactures of woven Buttons and Button-holes made of raw Silk, and Mohair Y'arn, and other Materials: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that they may be beard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do Lippara, &cj lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Raifios to-Lippara and Belvidire Raisins imported, from Chrijhnas P®rt, K*‘ 171IH0 Christmas 1737; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Denia Raisins imported, from Christmas 1718 to -mas 1737; distinguishing each Year.

A Bill for the better regulating the Manufacture of Manufacturi narrow Woollen Cloths in the West Riding of the County of narrow of York was read a Second time. Cloth.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Ramsden, Sir John Kaye, Mr. Thompson of York, Mr.

Tracy, Yor&Sidney Beauderk, Mr. Pruby, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Fox,

3° Mar Hi.

124

fox,' Mr. Hay, Mr. B Dr. t^ee, Sir John Cope, Mr Griffith, Mr. Plumer, Mr. , Lord John

Murray, Lor ACharles CavendiflMr. Pollen, Mr. Gyb-

bon, Mr. Finch, Captain Purvis, Mr. Grove, Sir Thomas Aston, Sir Thomas Frankla Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Lijler, Mr. Shuttlexvorth, Mr. Yorke, Mr.

Mr. Archer, Mr. A/fleck, Mr. Smelt, Lord Andover, Colonel Howard, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Harry Waller, Sir Chr. Powell, Sir Wm. Stapleton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Dr. Butler, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Crewe, Lord Grey, Mr. Cholmondeley, Sir Stapylton, Mr. Low-

ther, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Kinaflon, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Wm. Low!her, Mr. Fere, Mr. Balhurst, Mr. Blackett, Mr. Wortley, Sir Thomas Saunderfon, Mr. White, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Cur wen, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Waller, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Robinfun; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York,

Chester, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: Ordered, That it be an Intlruftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses to enable the Makers of narrow Woollen Cloths, in the West Hiding of the County of York, to have their Cloths measured and stamped by a Millman and Cloth Searcher within the said West Riding, though the same should be milled in the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, or Derby.

Prohibition A Petition of the Manufacturers of raw Silk, and of Stuff Mohair Yarn, and of Needle-work Buttons and Button-Puttuns, See.holes, and the Traders and Dealers therein, whose Names

afe thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest or the M a 1 w f; ift urers, Traders, and Dealers, as afore-fuid, In the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That nnlefs the Bill, now depending in this Hou'e, to explain and amend ail Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act for employing the Manufacturers, and encouraging the Consumption, of raw Silk and Mohair Y'arn, by prohibiting the Wearing of Buttons and Button-holes made of Cloth, Serge, or otherStuffs, and making the same more effectual, do pass into a Law, the said . Traders and Dealers will not only be discouraged, but many l houfandsof his Majesty’s Subjects, whole Maintenance entirely depends upon the NeedJe-work'Button Manufacture, will be deprived of the Means of getting their Livelihood; and, as the Petitioners apprehend, the general Trade of the Nation will beaffefted by the Diminution of the Exports of our Woollen and other Manufactures to Turkey, and other foreign Parts, where the same are exchanged for raw Silk, and Mohair Yarn; of which the greatest Part of such Needle-work Buttons and Button-holes are made: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give the Petitioners such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That, the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Comrdittee of the whole House,. . whom it is referred to consider of the Report from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Merchants of the City of London, and other Dealers in the Manufacture of Linens,.Threads, and Tapes, made in Great Britain and Ireland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of raw Silk, and Mo- Prohibition hair Yarn, and of Needle-work Buttons and Button* holes, and the Traders and;Dealers therein, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Manufacturers, Traders, and Dealers, as aforesaid, in the City of Briflul, and the Liberties thereof, was presented to the House, and read, in Favour of the Bill, now depending in this House, to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty K ing George, intituled, An Act for employing the Manufacttirers, and encouragingtbeCon-fumption, of raw Silk and Mohair Yarn, by prohibiting the Wearing of Buttons and Button-holes made of Cloth,

Serge, or other Stuffs, and making the same more effectual.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

East Green wick ttoads.

Linen

Manufacture.

A Petition of divers Merchants, Planters, and others, trading to, and ititerefted in, the British Plantations in America, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Linens, Threads, and Tapes, on the Exportation whereof the Drawback is allowed, are carried chiefly to our own Plantations; so that, should the Drawback be taken off, Linens would come much dearer to our Plantations than they now do; for the Manufacturers of Linen in Great Britain ami Ireland do not make Linen enough to an Twer the One fourth Part of the Consump-tion of England, and therefore cannot be depended on for a Supply of our Plantations; neither do they make all the several Kinds of Linen noceflary to answer our Plantation D« minds: Ami that the taking off the said -Drawback would not only bring an unsupportable Burden on onr Plantations; but would, in many Respects, greatly alfecl the British Trade and Commerce.

Ordered, That Mr. Burrell be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, and enlarging the Terms in several Acts of Parliament, made in the 4th and 6th years of the Reign of his late

Majesty King George the First, respectively, for repairing and amending the several Roads therein mentioned j and for repairing and amending the Road from the Lime-Kiln near Blackheath,to the Town of Dartford, in the County of Kent, and from the Turnpike in the Parish of St. George, in the County of Surry, cross the Road leading through Bermondsey Parish to London Bridge.

A Petition of Thom as Drum/Esqu ire was presented to shaftefbnrr

the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner Ele&ioi.' Hood as Candidate at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaflesbury, in the County of Dorset, together with Philip Bennett Esquire: That the Petitioner was duly elected aBurgefs to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, by a great Majority of legal Voters; and Richard Wilkins Gentleman, Mayor of the said Borough, influenced by the said Philip Bennett, had inserted many Persons in his said Poll for the said Mr.

Bennett, who had no Colour of Right to rote there; and rejected many legal Voters, who offered to vote for the Petitioner: That the said Philip Bennett, byhimself and his Agents, by manyThreatenings, illegal, corrupt, and indirect Practices, procured several Persons to vote for him, who would otherwise have voted for the Petitioner; and, in consequence of his unjust Influences, and of the said Mayor’s partial and arbitrary Proceedings, the said Mayor hath been prevailed upon to return the said Philip Bennett, in Prejudice to the Petitioner, who ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House to take the same into Consideration, and grant the Petitioner such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem mofl right and just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That it he an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition, upon day the 17th Day of April next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

k Mr. Winnington,

Tellers for the Y eas,

£ Mr. Henry Fox

110.

7

5

Tellers

i i Geo. II.

23® — 24° Martii.

*25

Duty on Smyrna Raisins.

'r 11 c ik vr , (Si Hynde Cotton.

Tellers for the Noes,' yj r Roll:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

tog.

New

Windsor

Election.

Inrolment of Papists Deeds and Wills.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter of the Double Return for the Borough of New Windsor, in the county of ; and the Matters of the Petitions of the Right honourable Vere Beanclerk Esquire, commonly called Lord Vere Beauclerk, and of Richard squire, severally

complaining of an undue, Election and Double Return for the said Borough:

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the said Petitions were read:

And the Standing Order of the House, made upon Friday the 16th Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel at the , Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port,or Place, contrary to the last Determination of the House of Commons, was also read:

And the last Determination of the House, concerning the Right of ele6ting Burgeffesto serve in Parliament for the said Borough, made the 4th Day of November 1680, which was then resolved to be in those Inhabitants only, who pay Scotland Lot, was also read.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner the Lord Vere Beauclerk,the Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, with the lall Return for the said Borough; and the said Petitioner’s Return appearing to be immediately annexed to the Precept: proceeded in the First place, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House, made the x8th Day of March 1727, and were heard.

And the original Poll taken at the said EleClion being produced by the Returning Officer, the Mayor of the said Borough, the Counsel for the said Petitioner examined several Witnesses, touching the general Method of making Rates for the Relief of the Poor of the said Borough, and the manner of making the Two last Rates; which, together with the preceding Rate, wereproduced.

Then the Counsel for the said Petitioner examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualifv several Persons who voted for the other Petitioner at the said Election; and examined a AVitness, in order to add a Person to the Poll of the said Petitioner the Lord Vere Beauclerk; which the Counsel for the other Petitioner admitted.

And the Counsel for the said Petitioner the Lord Vere Beauclerk summed up their Evidence.

And then the Counfelon both Sides were directed to withdraw.

OrderedThat the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Double Return, and of the Matters of the said Petitions, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Governor'and Company of Merchants of England trading to the Levant Seas.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for allowing farther Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees; be received upon Monday Morning next. v

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue of the Clock,

Stamford, & c. Road.

Veneris, 24* die Martii;

Anno 11® Georgii IIdi Regis, 1738.

Pr aYers.

M R. Vynerpresented to the House according to

Ordier, a Bill for repairing the Road between Stamford and Grantham, in the County of LincolnAnd the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for repairing the Road from , in r.oaShb-.rou?h.

the County of Leicester, to the Town of Derby, in the itoad. County of Derby, and from Derby to the Towns of borneand Braffington, in the County of Derby, and from thence to Hurdloe, in the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Nathanael Curzon, Lord Grey, Mr Smith, Dr. Butler. Mr. Compton, Mr. Kinafton, Mr. Archer, Sir

Mr . Brer el on, Mr Wilkinson, Sir IV Mr. Chclwynd, Lord Gage, Mr. Gybbon, Mr Sir Charles Mot daunt, Mr. Watts, Lord Sidney Beau-

clerk, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Conyers, Sir John Kane, Mr.

Mackworth Praed, Sir JofPennington, Mr. Crowe,

Mr. Thompson, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Plump!re, Mr.

Price, Sir Thomas Afon, Mr. MedlycoMr. Owen, Mr.

Trcby, Mr. Tucker, M r. Tower, Mr ll’al/er. Sir T\o-mas Lee, Brigadier Midle/ou, Mr. Bertie, Mr Pelham,

Mr. Trevor, Mr. Walker, Admiral Haddock, Mr.

Charles Stanhope; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Leicester, Lancaster, and Chester:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Shoreditch to St 1:1 ford

Hill Uuad.

Mr. Alderman Perry presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road from the Stones End in the Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, through ttie Town of Hackney, to Stanford Hill, in the great Northern Road, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the Fiift time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Answer Address of Wednesday last, That his Majesty would he to Address.

graciously pleased to give Directions, to he laid before this House, Copies or Extracts of the R presentation or Representations therein mentioned, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint the House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Comptroller, also, by his Majesty’s Command, Correlpon-presented to the House, dence with

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of the Court of Neucafle, Madrid, Feb.v\. 1 737-8; inclosing, Madrid.

Copy of a Letter from Mor. de la Quadra to Mr.

Keene, Pardo, Feb. 44 1737-8; and Translation:

Copy of a Letter fresh the Duke of Newcajtle to Mr.

Keene, Mar. 17, 1737-8; inclosing,

Draught of a Letter from Mr. to Mo'.

Quadra, and Translation:

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, Thatthe said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Setiion.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Mannfatfur* to take into Consideration the Report from the Com- nt Iron in mittee, to whom the Petition of the Ironmongers and the Plaota-Manufacturers of Iron in the Towns of Birmingham, tl0"*‘ Wolverhampton, Stourbridge, and Dudley and the Parts adjacent, in the Counties of WarStafford, and

Kk Worcester 1

i2<S 24* — vf Marin. A. 1738.

Worcester; and also the Petition of sundry Ironmasters, in behalf of themselves, and others, concerned in the Making of Iron in Great Britain; and also the Petition of several Merchants, Ironmasters, and Ironmongers, in the City of Bristol; were referred; be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved’, That this House will,upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Prohibition Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Seoond of Stuff Reading of the BUI to explain and amend an Act,

*l "*» c- paged in the 7 th Year of (the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act for employing the Manufacturers, and encours^ging 'the Consumption, of raw Silk and Mohair Yarn, by prohibiting the Wearing of Buttons and Button-holes naade.of CJoth, Serge, or other Stuffs, and making the famemore effectual, be now read: And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Call of the Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Call of Hou e' the House, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Stratford

Toney

Redory

Exchange.

Dover and Rye Harbours.

Stratford

Toney

Redory

Exchange.

Clandestine Exportation of Wool.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning-next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of hhe Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be noft read:

And the same being read accordingly j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. , and

Mr. Thomas Bennet:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for exchanging Part of the Glebe Lands and Hereditaments belonging to the Rector of Stratford Taney, in the County of Wilts, for other Lands belonging to the Lord of the Manor: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term and Powers granted and given by the Acts, passed in the 1 ith and J 2th Year of the Reign of King William the Third, and in the 9th and t oth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the Harbour of Dover, in die County of Kent; and for reltoring the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Suffer, to its ancient Goodness j without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exchanging Part of the Glebe Lands and Hereditaments belonging to the Rector of Stratford Toney, in the County of Wilts, for other Lands belonging to the Lord of the Manor, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mailers, Workmen, and other Persons, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture in the Towns of Lavenham, Long Staustead, Glemf-

ford, and Cavendish, in the County of Suffolk, on behalf 23

of themselves, anddtl other Personsconcerned in the said Manufactare, throughout Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; complaining «f the Running of great Quantities of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland, into foreign Parts, And -therefore praying the House to take the Pnemifes into Consideration, and provide such Remedy against aPraftice which is Xo destructive to the Trade and iabereft of the Nation, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Pebitiondo lie upon the Table.

The other Order of the Day being read:

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matter of the Douhle Return for the Borough of Meio-Windsor, in the County of Ber; and of the Matters of the Petitions of the Right honourable Beauderk Esquire, commonly-called Lord Vert Beauclerk, and of RichardOldfield Esquire, feveraHycomplaining of an undue Election and Double Return, for the said Borough:

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the Counfel for the Petitioner Richard Oldfield Esquire were heard j and having examined several Wit-neffeS touching the manner of making the Two last Rates for the Relief of the Poor of the said Borough, they examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, la order to justify the Votes of several Persons who voted for him, and whom the Counsel for the other Petition-. er had endeavoured to disqualify: And the Counsel /or the said Petitioner Richard Oldfield Esquire, proceeded to examine several Witnesses and produced Evidence, in order to add to his Poll several Persons, who offered to vote for him at the said Election, and were refused by the Returning Officer.

And a List being delivered in containing the Names of several Persons who voted for the Petitioner the Lord Fere Beauclerk, whom the Counsel for the other Petitioner proposed to disqualify;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Double Return, and of the Matters of the said Petitions, be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

TjU7UZ) 2 70 die Mart it;

Anno ii° Georgii II41 Regis, 1738. Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and given by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the Roads from Lemsford in the County of Hertford, to Welwyn, and from thence to Cory's Mill, and from Welwyn, through Codicot, to

Hitchin, in the said County; and also for repairing the Roads from Cory's Mill,to Hitchin aforesaid; was read

the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and given by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the Roads from Lemsford Mill, in the County of Hertford, to Weluyn, atwl from thence to Cory's Mill, and from Welwyn, through Codicot to Hitchin, in the said County; and also for repairing the Roads from Cory's Mill, to Hitchin aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. William Plumer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for inclosing and dividing the common Fields, common, waste, and uninclosed Grounds, within the Manor o f Ashenden,in the County of Bucks; and for the making effectual certain Exchanges therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved,

New

Windsor

Ele&iou.

Lemsford Mill, &c. Roads.

Aftienden

Inclosure.

11 Geo. II.

wf Martiu 127

Mefdmd, That 'the BiN Ire committed to Mr. Sandy*,

Sir TViomas Iox, SirNathan*elC*rzon, Mr. Archer, Lord

NoelSomer/et, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Pigott, Mr.

Mr. Compton, Mr. WmningMr. 'Gore, Mr. Fraidc-land, Mr. MedlyceW, Mr. jAffleck, Mr. Comew all, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Longueville, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Hanbury Williams, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Sir

Charles Vernon,'Sir ThomaMr.

Coriibury, Sir Thomas Sir John Morgan,

Lord Robert Montagu, Mr. Halle, Mr. Hrmblon, Or. Butter, Mr. Pitt, Mr. G Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. by, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Wm. Pitt, Mr. Co/fer, Mr. Jfedworth, Sir John Rirfho Mr. Waller, Mr. Phmer, Mr. Watts, Mt. Trevor, Mr. Berkeley, Lord Morpeth,

Sir Francis Child, Mr. Solicitor General, Dr. Lev; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Backs, Oxon, and Northampton And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hounslow, Sir Francis Child reported from the Committee, to &c. Road whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powersgranted by Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Third, and the other of the Tenth, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counter's Bridge which Ties in the Paiiflt of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounslow, to the Powder Mills, in the Road to Staities, and to Bridge, in

the said County, in the Road in Colnebrooke, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gonetltrough the Bill, and madefoveral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk* Table: W^here the Amendments were oitce Tead throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Hou fe.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Regulating A Bill for regulating the Cheese Trade in the fevered the Cheese Counties of England and Wales, was read a Second time.

Trade. Resolved, '1 hat the Bill be committed to Mr.

nwndeley, Lord Grey, Lord Barrymore, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Nathanael Cttrzon, Mr. Treby, Sir Roger Bradjhaigh, Sir Thomas Ajbn, Mr. Mr.

Phmer, Mr. Watkin Wms. Mr. Archer, Mr.

Bromley, Mr. Watts, Mr. Aijlabie, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir John St. Aubyn Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Affieck, Colonel Cholmondeley. Mr. May, i ord Andover, Sir Thomas Lowtker, Sir Robert Adby, Mr.

Mr. Harley, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Foley, Sir John Morgan, Sir Edtuoard Dering, Mr. Smith, Mr. , Mr. Harvey, Lord Noel Somerset, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Wodehouse, Sir Miles Sir John Kaye, Mr.

Secretary at War; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester, , Salop, Stafford,

Derby, Flint, Denbigh, Wilts, Somerset,

Dorset, Warwick, Suffolk, Oxford, Middlesex, and

cefier; and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. WoUaflm have Leave to go to the

Absence. Bath for the Recovery of his Health.

Inveroef* A Bill for continaing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots, Town Debts. One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on each Pint of Ale and Beer that shall be vended or sold within tire Town of Invemefs, and Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel St. Clair, Mr. Sandys, Lord Polwarth, Mr. Smith, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr,

V ol. 23.

Tneby, Sir Thomas Afloat, Wlr.-Corbett, Mr. Gybbon, Sir

John Rushout, Mr. Earle, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir Roger

Bradfhaigb, Mr.. For, Sir Francis Drake, Sir Jamies Laxcther, Mr? Cktstmi/nd, Mr. Wh Mr. Jacket, Cdk>n»l (JiyffauB, Lord Barrymore, Sir John Ajlley,

Dr. Butler, Mir. Buld, Mir. AJfleok, Sir John St

Mr. Brsmston, Mr Breneton, Mr. Hacks, Dr. Lee*

Admiral Haddock, Mr. Baker, Mr. IVm. Phmer, Mr.

Cholmondeley, Sir Charles Mordaunt; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: Aud they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in tire Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Winnington, according to Order, reported from Iorolmfnt of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill tJa|.iiisDecd* for Showing further Time for Inrohnent of Deeds and au >li,

W ills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestaat Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees j was committed; the Amendments wlach ibe Committee I rad made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report toihe House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered die Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were onoe read throughout; and then a Second time, one 4»y erne; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second -Prohibition Reading of the BiH to explain and amend an Act, puffed of s,uff in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Eultons> &c* King George,intituled, An Act for employing the Manufacturers, and encouraging die Con film ption of raw Silk and Mohair Yarn, by prohibiting the Wearing of Buttons and Button-holes made of Cloth, Serge, or other Stuffs, and making the same more effectual, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Fortnight.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to die New further Hearing of the Matter of the Double Return for Windsor the Borough of New IVhndfor,in the County -of;

and of the Matters -of the Petitions of t!*e Right honourable Vrre Beauderk, Etfquire. commonly called Lord

Vere Beavderk, and of Richard Oldfield, Lfquire; fere-

rglly complaining of an undue Election, and Double Return for tire said Borough.

And the Gownfd on both Sides were called in.

And the Counfei for the Petitioner, Richard Oldfield,

Fiqiure, having examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify several Persons who voted for the Petitioner, the Lord Vere Beauclerk, whose Names were contained in the Lift delivered in upon Friday laid: and also several other Persons who voted for the Petitioner the Lord Vere;

summed up their Evidence.

Then the Counfei for the Petitioner, the Lord Vere Beauclerk, were heard by way of Reply, and also by way of Answer; and having produced Evidence, and examined Witnesses, in order to drtenedit Two WitncUes, who had been examined on the Part of the Petitioner Mr. Oldfield, they examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify several Persons, who offered to vote for the Petitioner Mr. and

were refused by the Returning Officer; and whom the Counsel for the Petitioner Mr. Oldfield bad endeavoured to add to his Poll.

Then the Couufel for the Petitioner, the Lord Vere Beauclerk, examined several Witnesses, mid produced Evidence, in onkr to justify the Votes of several Persons who voted for him; and whom tire Counfd for the Petitioner Mr. Oldfield had endeavoured to disqualifj; and summed up their Evidence.

Then t lie Coon hi for the Petitioner Mr. Oldfield were heard, by way of Reply to Part of the Answer of the Couafol for the Petitioner the Lord Vere Beauclerk.

And

O!*.-

Sf. Leonard, Shoreditch, Church.

Duty on Smyrna Raisins.

La(iage, &c. on the Thames.

Packer’s

Fiiate.

Redmore

Fen

Drainage.

128 2 7® — 2 8® . 1738.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Right honourable Beauclerk Esquire,

commonly called Lord Vere Beauclerk, is duly ele6fced a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Windsor,in the County of Berks;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Te.lersfor.he Yeas

nr 11 c a. T_ xt i Lord Polwartk,

Tellers for (heNoes.J Mr j 160.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the Double Return for the Borough of New Windsor, in the County of Berks, in order to amend the fame, by taking off the Indenture by which Richard Oldfield Esquire is returned.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of be

read a Second time upon Th Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading to the Levant Seas.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 2 8° Martii;

Anno ii° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1737. Prayers.

SI R John Norris reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr. Archer of Berkshire presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Robert Packer, Esquire, deceased, in the County of Berks, for discharging Incumbrances thereupon: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Shepheardreported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for the effectual Draining and Preservation of certain Fens, called Caivdle Fen, Waterden, and Red-more, and One Piece of Fen Ground called the Holts, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and several of the said Amendments

being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Thursday Sevennight.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of such Prisoners for RM'uff of Debt, as have, by unavoidable or unforeseen Accidents* Debtors, Sec. loft the Benefit of being discharged by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors; and to indemnify such Sheriffs, or Gaolers, as have, by unavoidable or unforeseen Accidents, incurred any Penalties, or subjected themselves to any Action or Actions at Law, on account of the said Prisoners not being discharged; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of such Prisoners for Debt, a*s have, by unavoidable Accidents, loll the Benefit of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled.

An Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors; and for the Indemnity of such Sheriffs, and Gaolers, as have incurred any Penalties, on account of such Prisoners not being discharged; and for extending the Benefit of the said Act to Creditors, u’hose Debtors were committed to Prison since the ill Day of January 1730, and were detained thereupon the ill Day of 1736,

and have chose to continue there.

Ordered, That Mr. Tliompfon of York do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according Return to Order, amended the Double Return for the Borough amended, of New Windsor, in the County of Berks.

Nr. Richard Plumer from the Commissioners for Trade Captures by and Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to Spaniards ia their Address to his Majesty, Honduras

Extract of an Address and Representation of the Council of Jamaica to the King, dated at St. Jago de la Vega the 27th of November 1731: And also,

Extract of an Address and Reprefen I at ion of the Assembly of Jamaica to the King, in November 1731.

And the Titles of the said Extracts were read.

Ordered, That the said Extracts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of divers Merchants, Planters, and others, trading to, and interestedin, the Britishi Plantations in America, in behalf of themselves and many others, is referred.

The said Extracts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill, to enlarge the Term and Powers Rotherhith granted by an Act of Parliament, made and passed Church, in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of St. Mary, Rotherhith, in the County of Surry, by certain Funeral Rates therein mentioned, to finish the said Parish Church; and to enable the said -Parishioners to raise such farther Sums of Money as shall be necessary for purchasing a convenient Piece of Ground for an additional Burial Ground; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of St. Mary, Rotherhith, in the County of Surry, by certain Funeral Rates therein mentioned, to finish the said Parish Church; and to enable the said Parishioners to raise such farther Sums of Money as shall be necessary for purchasing a convenient Piece of Ground for an additional Burial Ground; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Colonel Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

- Mr.

11 Geo. II. 28* Martii. I 29

Correfpoml* Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, pursuant to *nce with their Address to his Majesty, of the 1 oth Day of this the Coutt.f instant March,

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of

Newcastle, Casa del , near May TV

1735; inclosmgr Copy of a Letter from Mo' Patinho to Mr. Keene, May Vt 1735, and Translation.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of

Nexocastle, Madrid, — 1735; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to Mo* Patinho, ~ 1734, and Translation:

Copy of a Letter from Mo' Patinho to Mr. Keene, -734> and Translation. i

Ext raft of a Letter from the Duke of to

Mr. Keene, June 27, 1735; inclosing,

Extract of a Letter from Governor Mathexo to the Duke of Newcastle, St. March 2a

*734-5 5 inclosing.

Copy of the Deposition of Captain Gordon, Sc. March

*735=:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of

Newcastle, Pellejeros, 4? 1735:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to Mor Patinho, July a 1735, and Translation.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Netocastle, Pellejeros, ^7^-1735> inclosing.

Copy of a Letter from Mo' Patinho, to Mr. Keene, - — -1735, and Translation.

Extract of a Letter from the Duke of to

Mr. Keene, Jan. 13, 1736-7; inclosing,

Extract of a Letter from the South Sea Company’s Factors at Cartagena, Ju23, 1736: Aii Account of the \I urder of Captain from

an Inhabitant of Santa Martha.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Madrid,£^7-1736-7; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mr.-Keene to Mof de la Quadra, ^-^1736-), and Translation.

Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Netocastle to Mr. Keene, March 24, 1736-7; inclosing,

' Copy of the Affidavit of 13,

1736.

’Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Netocastle, Madrid, April44 1737; inclosingj Copy of a Letter from Mr. to Mo' de la Quadra, April W 1737, and Translation:

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of divers Merchants, Planters, and others, trading to, and interested in, the British Plantations in America, in behalf of themselves, and many others, is referred.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Shoreditch A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereto Stanford unto subscribed. Landholders and Inhabitants of the Hill Roads. parish of St. John, Hackney, on behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth. That in case the Bill, now depending before the House, for repairing the Road from the Stones End, in the Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesexthrough the Town of,

to Slanford-hill, in the great Northern Road, in the said County, should pass into a Law, certain Impositions and Duties will be laid upon the Petitioners, which, they apprehend, there is no Necessity or Foundation for; whereby they Will be greally affected in their Estates and Properties: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, VoL. 23.

until the said Bill be read a Second time: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against th6 said Bill, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at the same time; in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the several inhabitants of St. Leonard, Shoreditch Shoreditch, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, iii to Stanford behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented 1,1,1 to the House, and read; alleging, Thai the Petitioners will be greatly injured, if the said Bill should pass into

Law: And therefore praying the House to take tile Premises into Consideration; and that they may "be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at the same time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Sevennight.

An ingrossed Bill to enable William Ef- Meux*

quire, heretofore called William Meux, and the Heirs Name: Male ofhisBody, totakeand ufetheSurnameofMajjing-berd, pursuant to a Settlement made by Sir William Maf-singbcrd Baronet, deceased, was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bifl do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable William Majjingberd Esquire, heretofore called William Meux, and the Heirs Male of hiS Body, to take and use the Surname of pursuant to a Settlement made by Sir William Baronet, deceased.

OrderedThat Mr. IJorfemonden Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. John Bennei and Mr. Thomas Bennet 1 Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for East of veiling certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the King- Burlingtoii dom of Ireland, Part of the settled Estate of Richard »n5* Corked Earl of Burlington and Corke, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, of greater Value, to the same L fes: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And also.

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act to May'i enable Trustees to grant building Leases of certain Mef- Estate. fuages, in the Parishes Of St. Martin the Fields and St. Clement Danes, in the County of late the

Estate of Henry May Esquire, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bruningk’s; for naturalizing John JuJlinBruningk, PeterUnlzellman, *fc-and Henry Klencke-,with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House- And also, 0

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Worcester for taking down and rebuilding the Church of the Pa- Church of rish of All Saints, in the City of Worcester, without any Sai»u. Amendment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act RigaU*, for naturalizing Philip Rigail, without any Amendment. Nat,

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords; intituled, ,An Act Stratford for exchanging Part of the Glebe Lands and Heredita- Toney ments, belonging to the Rector of Stratford Toney, in the County of Wilts, for other Lands belonging to the c Lord of the Manor, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Cope,

Lord Harry Powlett, Mr. Earle, Mr Lord Sid-

ney Beauclerk, Sir John Ru/hout, Sir James Grant, Mr.

L 1 Breretoni

Earl of Burlington and Corke’s Eilat e.

Application of Derwent-water Lilate.

Sparrish Depredations in American Seas,

*s

*30

28° — 29®

A. 1738.

Brereton, Mr. Sektyn, Mr. CI-ord Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Hungerfo, Sir Frantis Drake, Mr. Fox, Colonel Mordaunt, Mr. Speke, Sir Long, Mr. Treby, Mr. Hucks, Sir Thomas Clarke, Mr*

oille, Mr. Byng, Mr. Brudenell, Mr Mr. Yorke,

Sir Thomas Lee, Dr. Lee, Mr. Scaioen, Mr. Mackworth Praed, Mr. Fere, Mr. Brodie, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Shepherd, Sir Nathanael Curtail, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. mer, Mr. OJbaldefton, Mr. Leve/on Gower, Sir Edmund

Bacon, Sir John Ajiley, Lord Grey, Mr. Lejlie, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Piers, Mr. Mr.

Tracy, Mr -Foley, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Mr. Pro-

by, Sir Robert Monro; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Part of the settled Estate of Richard Earl of Burlington and Corke, in Trullees, to be sold for Payment of Debts; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, of greater Value, to the same Uses; was read the Firfttime.

Refilled, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, of the Eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates, forfeited by the Attainder of James, late Earl of Derwentwater, and Charles Radcliffe;

ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself' into a Committee-of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of divers Merchants, Planters, and others, trading to, and interested in, the Rr*7 {^Plantations in Amfricd,in behalf of themselves, and many others;

Ordered, That thie Copy of the Letter from to the Duke of Newcastle, Madrid, February 4-f1737"8 > inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mor de la Quadra, to Mr. Keene, Pardo, Feb. 44 1737-8, and Tranllation; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle toM r.Keene, March 17, 1737-8; inclosing,

Draught of a Letter from Mr. to Mor de la

Quadra, and Tranllation; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Perry took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Perry reported from the Committee, That they Jfed further heard Evidence and Counsel upon, and gone through, the Matters to them referred; and had come to a Resolution; which they had di-rested him to report; and had also directed him to make a Motion to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 290 die Martii;

Anno ix® Georgii IP1 Regis, 1738.

Pray Elis*

THE House being informed, That Mr. Oxenford, irifliLinens from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended re-exported, at the Door; kc*

He was Called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs to several Orders of the House, of the 8th Day of this Instant March: Together with.

An Account of the Quantity and Value of Linens, that have been re-exported, from 1724

to Christmas 1736, distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Value of the Imports and Exports to and from England and Germany, from Christmas x 724

to Christmas 1736, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Return was read.

Ordered, That the said Return apd Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it as referred to consider of the Report from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Merchants of the City of London, and other Dealers in the Manufactures of Linens, Threads, and Tapes, made in Great Britain and Ireland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

The said Return and Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Thame*.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing an Act, made in the Laliage, Jtc. Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, on the An Act for the better Regulation of Laftage and Bal-lastage in the River Thames, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing an Act, made in the Sixth_

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames.

Ordered, That Sir John Norris do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Third, and the other of the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counters Bridge, which lies in the Parish of Kensington, in the county of ,

leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounslow,

to the Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and to ford Bridge, in the said County, in the Road to Cobie-brooke, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Third, and the other of the Tenth, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counters Bridge, which lies in the Parishof Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounslow, to the Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the said County, in the Road to Colnebrooke.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Child do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Adventurers, Owners, and Proprietors, of the Taxable Lanids in Deeping Fens, in the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him lo report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where thedame was read; and is as follows; viz.

The

Hovnikrwv

&. c. Road*

Deeping

Fens

Drainage,

11 Geo. It

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition

And the Petitioners, to prove the fame, called the following Witnesses; vix.

Mr. Humphry Smith and \being

severally examined, said, That they were employed to survey the Fens, called Deeping Fens, and well know the same; and that in those Fens are included Pinchbeck and Spalding South Fen, ThurFen, Bourn South Fen, and Crowland Fen, alias Goggcontaining about

30.000 Acres in the Whole, whereof 10,000 Acres are called taxable Lands: That the same are, by.Two several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Reign of King C/utrles the Second, made chargeable for the effectual graining thereof:

That 5,000 Acres, other Part thereof, are the Property of some few Owners thereof, and called the Free Lands; and the remaining Part, amounting to above

15.000 Acres, are Commonable Lands.

Then the Commissioners laid before the Committee the before-mentioned Acts, one passed in the 16th and 17th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for draining of the Fen called Deeping Fen, and other Fens therein mentioned; and the other passed in the 22d Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, for settling the Draining of the Fens, called Deeping Fens.

By the First of which Acts the Commissioners of Sewers have notany Power to lay any Tax upon the Owriers and Proprietors of the said Free or Taxable Lands, un-Jess all the said Fen Lands shall be overflowed for Five Years together: In such case, they are impowered to fell those Lands, as well as the Taxable Lands, to make good all Damages that should be done thereby to that Part of the Country: And the said Mr. Smith and Mr.

Thompson said, That the Owners and Proprietors of the said Fens, have frequently met with great Difficulties, which have fr aft rated their Endeavours to preserve and keep them drained; by which means, not only the Taxable Lands but also the said Free and Commonable Lands, are almost entirely rendered unprofitable; to the gre&t Loss and Impoverithment of many of the said Proprietors and Commoners.

Mr. Thompson further said, That Captain Perry was employedTwo or Three Years by the Adventurers, as an ^Undertaker for draining the said Lands; and although above £.4,000 was therein expended, yet the same proved ineffectual; and, at this time, the much greater Part of the Level is Two Feet and'-Two Feet and a Half under Water; by reason whereof many of the Commoners are reduced to aftarving Condition.

Joseph Banks Esquire being examined, said, That several Parishes, which lie contiguous to the said Fens, have been greatly impoverished, and several Houses decayed, and many others will soon be in the same Condition; which is owing to the Level having been so long under Water, and rendered useless.

And Mr. Smith further said. That he was upon a View with the Commissioners of Sewers for the said Level, and observed, that, if the Banks which inclose the said Level were neghefted to be repaired another Year, the Navigation of the River between Spalding and Stamford would fbon be loft.

And it was agreed by all the "Witnesses, That neither the said Free and Commonable Lands, or the Taxable I.and.?, can ever be made useful, unless some new Method be taken for regaining the fame, and future Preservation thereof.

Then the Petitioners produced an Agreement, dated the 23d of February 1737; which was read.

And itappearedtoyour Committee, by the said Agreement, That the Majority of the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, called the Free Lands, in Number of Persons and Quantity of Lauds, have agreed to raise a Sum of £.5,000 by a Rate of 20 per Acre, upon the said Free Lands, and have executed the fame, under their Hands and Seals: And that only Christopher Clapham Esquire, who is possessed of 953 Acres; Mrs. Elizabeth Hyde, who is intitled to 380 Acres for her Life only; and

Vol. 23.

1)*

the Heirs of Mr. Richard Ma whd are entitled to 176 Acres; amounting in the Whole to 1 ,509 Actes; to* getlier with 366 Acres belonging to Sir John Ileuthcott, who hath always kept the same drained at his own Expence; appeared to your Committee to be all the Parties that are concerned, and have a Right to the said 5*000 Acres of Free Lands: And, by reason of the Incapacity of some, and the Disttbility in Law of others, of them* they have not executed the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Adventurers, Owners, and Proprietors, of the Taxable Lands, and the Owners and Proprietors of the Free Lands, 'mDecpingBens, and otherFetis, in the County of Lincoln, therein mentioned, to raise a competent Sum of Money for the effectual Draining, and future Preserva* tion, of all the said Fens, according to their Agreement in that Behalf; and to carry the said Agreement into Execution: And that Mr. Vyner, Mr. and Sir Tho*

mas Saunderfon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

and Wilis*

An ingrossed Bill for allowing further Time for Inrot- Inrolnwnt of ment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Re- FapjtUOe^d* lief of Protestapt PurchaseTs, Devisees, and Lessees, was read the Tliir*d time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass r And that the Tit Id be, An Act for atlowing further Time for [nroluient of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilmington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence!.

May*.

Estate*

An ingrossed Bill* from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to grant Building Leases of Certain Messuages in the Parishes of St. Martin in the Fields, and St. Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, late the Ellate of Henry May Esquire, deceased, was read tho First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be re?d a Second time*

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. John Bennet and Mr. Thomas Bennet:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Sr Bryan enable Sir Bryan Broughton Baronet, an Infant, to enter ®rtu*llton’4 into Marriage Articles, notwithstandinghis Infancy: To Articled* which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for building a Bridge cross the River,

from the Woolstaple, or thereabouts, in the Parish of St.

Margaret, in the City of Wto the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refill'd, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevenuight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Westtninftec

Bridge.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Borough and Parish of in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; com-plaiuing of the Exportation of Wool and Yarn from Great Britain and Ireland to foreign Parts: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Remedy, as the House shall fee meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table*

Clnndeftirle Exportation of Wool.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to R«n6vio$ explain and amend an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An j,g pHpiH», Act for explaining an Act, passed in the lafi Session ol *c. Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to re-gitier their Names and real Estates, and for enlarging the Time for such registering; and for securing Purchases

made

£9* MaftiL

toutyfcn Retailers of Spirituous Liquors.

Morrice’s

Divorce.

Great

Bedwin

Writ.

Shaftefbary

Election.

Offices and

Eii ploy mei its.

Frauds in Gold and Silver 'Ware*.

Linen

Manufacture*.

132

29*"3°° Martit. A. 171%.

made by Protestants', and for securing the Estates of Papists, who are, or shall, become Protestants, against the Disabilities created by several Acts of Parliament relating to Papists: And that Mr. Hay, Sir John Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Mr.

and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enforcing the Execution of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of Spirituous Liquors, and for licensing the Retailers thereof: And that the Matter of the Rolls Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Haxoe, Mr. Winningion, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr.

Scrope, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir William Baronet,

with Lady Lucy Wharton, and to enable him to marry again} and for other Purposes therein mentioned; -was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole iloufe, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses against the said Bill; if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or to produce Witnesses.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great in the County of

Wilts, in the room of the honourable Brigadier General Robert Murray, deceased.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put* That the Matter of the Petition of Thomas Drury Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for, the Borough of Shqfton, alias Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset, which is referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections, and ordered to be heard before the said Committee upon Monday the 17lh Day of April next, be heard at the Bar of this House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

'tii r v (Mr. Thomas Gor

Tellers for the Smith:

Tellers for the Noes f

tellers for the Noes,^Mr Cr^.

So it passed in the Negative.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices, or to read the Prayers, and make the Declarations and Subscriptions required, wiiliin the respective Times limited by Lawj and for allowing further Time for those Purposes.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

night resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better preventing Frauds and Abuses in Gold and Silver Wares.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Merchants of the City of London, and other Dealers in the Manufactures of Linens, 18

Threads, and Tapes, made in Great Britain and Ireland, tVhofe Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Six Weeks.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Se-venifight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 30°

Anno it* Georgii IP*Regis, 1738. Praters.

MR. Whittnorthreported from the Committee to

whom the Bill for continuing the Terms and Powers granted and given by the Acts, passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William, and the Tenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of in the County of Somerset, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fevtv rally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest, were, with Amendments to One of them, agreed to, by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Hay presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for explaining an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names, and real Estates; and for enlarging the Time for such regiliering; and for securing Purchases made by Protestants; and for securing the Estates of Papists who are, or shall, become Protestants, against the Disabilities created by several Acts of Parliament relating to Papists: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Christopher Powell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted in and by an Act, made in the Tenth

Year of her late Majesty Queen for enlarging,

amending, and maintaining, the Road between North-fleete, Gravesend, and Rochester, in the County of Kent; and also another Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term granted by the said former Act; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for explaining and amending the said Acts; and also for repairing the Highways from Northfleete aforesaid to Dart ford, in the said Countyx: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The

Call of tha House.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Minebead

Harbour.

Removing Disabilities of conforming Papilla.

Northfleet t# Dartford Road*.

Bruningk’f, fcc. Kat.

Relief of shipwrecked Mariners at Genoa*

Sir Bryan Broughton’s Marriage Articles,

Preventing Injury to Com intended for Exportation.

Removing Kairne’s Disability by Attainder*

11 Geo. II. 30° Martii. 133

V

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John JuJifn Bruningk, Peter Untzellman, and Henry Klencke

And the said Amendments were read; and areas follow; viz.

Prels 1. L. 7. Leave out " and."

L. g. After " Saxony" insert "Benjamin " Ferrandy Son of John Ferrby Ejtlier his Wife, '* born at Rotterdam; John , Son of Alexander

" Donal Bienajfy, by Jane his Wife, born at " in France; Charles Belliard, Son of Louis Belliard, by

" Charlotte his Wife, born in; Caret

Son of Jacob Reinholdt, by Cu/herina his Wife, born " at Mnfcow; John J imes Stephani, Son of John " phani, by Sufantia his Wife, born at in

" ony; John Mackelcun, Son of Henry , by

" Catherine his Wif , born at Stanjled, in Bremen; and " Jacob Nortzel, Son of Jacob by Calherina

" his Wife, born at Hamburgh in Germany" ,

L. 19. Leave out " and, " and, in the same Line, after" Klencke "insert " Benjamin Ferrand, John " Bienajfy, Charles Belliard, Caret Reinholdt, Ji lin " James Stephani, John Mackelcan, and Nortzell." L. ig. Leave out " and, " and, in the same Line after " Klenckeinsert " Benjamin Ferrand, John

" Bienajfy, Charles BelliardCorel Reinholdt, J.-hn " James Stephani, John Mackelcan, and

Press.2. L. 17. I^eave out "and."

L. 18. After" Klencke," insert "

" Ferrand, John Bienajfv, Charles Belliard, Corel " Reinholdt, John James Stephani, John Mackelcan,

" and Jacob Nortzel"

L. 27. Leave out " and, " and, in the same Line,after "Klencke," insert ‘ Benjamin Ferrand, John " Bienajfy, Charles Belliard, Caret Reinholdt, John " James Stephani, John Mackelcan, and Jacob Nortzel."

In the Title of the Bill, after" Untzellman" leave ont " and;" and, at the End of the Title, add " and " others."

The said Amendments, being several I v read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Horsemonde Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Alderman Willimott presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for collecting, at the Port of Genoa in Italy, certain fmallSums of Money, for Relief of Mariners, shipwrecked and taken in War, and other distressed Persons, his Majesty’s Subjects; and for other pious and charitable Uses: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Bryan Broughton Baronet, an Infant, to enter into Marriage Articles, notwithstanding his Infancy, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for punishing such Persons as shall do Injuries and Violences to the Persons or Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, with Intent to hinder the Exportation of Corn: And that Mr. Pollen, Mr. Hoo/jer, and Mr. Alderman Par-fons, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable John Nairne to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by realuii of his laid At aiuder, to take or inherit any real or personal bf-tate that may or shall hereafter deftxnd or come to him;

Vol. 23.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Removal of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, up- Douglas' on the Bill to enable William Douglas, eldest lawful Disabihtyby Son to Sir Robert Douglaso\ Glenbervie Baronet, to sue Atta,n er‘ or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Ellate that may have descended or come to him, (nice his late Majesty’smost gracious Pardon, dated the 6th Day of February, in t lie Sixth Year of his Reign, or that shall hereafter defeend orcomctohim;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Cl iifUhurch Reading of the Bill for better enlightening the open Mi«idlef«x, Places, Streets, I^anes, Passages, and Courts; and for the better regulating the nightly Watch, and Beadles; within the Parish of Christchurch, in the County of Middlesex;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Manufacture solve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to con- pla,tations.e fider of the Report from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Ironmongers, and Manufacturers oflron, in the Towns of Birmingham, Wolverhampton, Stourbridge, and Diidleu, and Hie Parts adjacent,in the Conn-tiesof Waricick, Stafford and Worcester; and also the Petition of ituidry Ironniafters, in behalf of themselves, and others, concerned in the Making of Iron in Great Britain; and also the Petition of several Merchants, Iron-matters, and Ironmongers, in the City of; were referred;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself intoa Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Mr. Alderman Perry, according to Order, reported Spanish De-from the Committee of the whole House to whrm it was referred to consider of the Petition of divers Mer- jjeag> chants, Planters, and others, trading to and interfiled in, the British Plantations in America, in behalf of themselves, and many others, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Re/blved, Thatit is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is the natural andundoubted Right of the British Suhjects to fail with their Ships on any Part of the Seas of America, to and from any Part of his Majesty’s Dominions; and that the Freedom of Navigation and Commerce, which the Subjects of Great Britain have an undoubted Right to, by the Law of Nations, and by virtue of the Treaties subsisting between the Two Crowns of Great Britain and Spain, has been gea* ly interrupted by i\\eSpaniards, under Pretences altogether groundless and unwarrantable: That, before and since the Execution of the Treaty of Seville, and the Declaration made by the

Crown of Spam pursuant thereunto, for the Satisfaction and Seeurityot the Commerceof (Vrea* un-

jull Seizures and Captures have been made, and great Depredations con milted, by the Spaniards, attended with many Instancesof unheard of Cruelty and l arbarity:

That the frequent Applications n adi to the Court of«Sy>i/f/t, for procuring Justtce and Satisfaction to his Majesty’s injured Subjects", for bringing the Offenders to condign Pu-nitlinient.anil forpreventing thelike Abides for the future, have proved vain and it efteCinal; and the several Orders or Cedulas, granted by the K.ing of6/W«, for Restitution and Reparation of great Loffessustained, by the unlawful and uujuliifiable Seizurts mid Captures made by Hie

M *u,


by

134 3°° Martii. — 6* Aprilis. A. 1738.

Spaniards, have been disobeyed by the Spanish Governors, or totally evaded and eluded: All which Violences and Depredations have been carried on to the great Loss and Damage of the Siibje6ts of Great Britain trading to America, and in direct Violation of the Treaties sub-

liliing between the Two Crowns.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Resolution be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, H

Tellers for the Noes, }*<

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Alderman Perryalfo acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, humbly beseeching his Majesty to use his Royal Endeavours with his Catholick Majesty, to obtain effectual Relief for his injured Subjects; and to convince the Court of Spain,that, howdeiirous soeverhis Majesty may be to preserve a good Correspondence and Amity betwixt the Two Crowns (which can only subsist by a strict Observance of their mutual Treaties, and a just Regard to the Rights and Privileges belonging to each other), his Majesty can no longer suffer such constant and repeated Insults and Injuries to be carried on, to the Dishonour of his Crown, and to the Ruinof his trading Subjects: And to assure his Majesty, That, in case his Royal and friendly Instances for procuring Justice, and for the future Security of that Navigation and Commerce which his People have an undoubted Right to, by Treaties and the Law of Nations, shall not be able to procure, from the Equity and Friendship of the King of such

Satisfaction as his Majesty may reasonably expect from ' a good and faithful Ally, this House will effectually support his Majesty, in taking Rich Measures as Honour and Justice shall make it necessary for his Majesty to pursue.

And Mr. Alderman Perry moved the House accord-. ingly.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, humbly beseeching his Majesty to use his Royal Endeavours with his Catholick Majesty to obtain effectual Relief for his injured Subjects; and to convince the Court of Spain,that, howdefirous soever his Majesty may be to preserve a good Correspondence and Amity betwixt the Two Crowns (which can only subsist by a strict Observance of their mutual Treaties, and a just Regard to the Rights and Privileges belonging to each other), his Majesty can no longer suffer such constant and repeated Infuitsand Injuries to be carried on, to the Dishonour of his Crown, and to the Ruin of his trading Subjects: And to assure his Majesty, That, in case his Royal and friendly Instances for procuring Justice, and for the future Security of that Navigation and Commerce which his People have an undoubted Right to, by Treaties and the Law of Nations, shall not be able to procure, from the Equity and Friendship of the King of Spain, such Satisfaction as his Majesty may reasonably expect from a good and faithful Ally, this House will effectually support his Majesty, in taking such Measures as Honour and Justice shall make it necessary for his Majesty to pursue.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That the aforesaid Resolution of the House be humbly laid before his Majesty at the same time with their said Address.

The other Order of the Day, which was postponed, being read;

Cliriftchurch Ordered, That the Rill for the better enlightening the Streets' °Peu ^aces* Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts; and 23

for the better regulating the nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Parish of Christ-church, in the County of Middlesex; be read a Second time upon Tuesday Seveonight,

Ordered, That the proper Officer do Jay before this Derwent-House a Particular of the Estates of the late Earl of Der- water Estate. wentwater, as they stood when the Rents and Profits thereof were appropriated to the Use of Greenwich Hof-

Sital; distinguishing each Manor and Eftale; with the «ent referred, and the Names of the Tenants who then occupied the fame, and by what Tenures they were respectively held.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House a Particular of the said Estates, as they stood at Midsummer last; distinguishing each Manor and Estate; with the Rent reserved; distinguishing what has been the advanced Rent, and the Names of the Tenants who then occupied the fame, and by what Tenures they were then respectively held.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House an Account of what Surveys or Valuations have been made of the Timber, or Weedings of Wood, growing upon the said Estates; with the Amount of the fame; and the Quantity of Acres of Woodland; distinguishing each Estate.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House an Account of what Mortgages or Incumbrances are charged on the said Estates; distinguishing what Parts are affected by each Incumbrance, and the Nature and Value of each of the said Estates.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before 1 his House a Particular of the Lands, Part of the said Estates, proposed to be sold, instead of the Lands mortgaged; with the Nature and Value of the said Estates; and the Names of the Persons whose Estates they lie intermixed with.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this

House the Names of the respective Lordlliips and Lands belonging to the said Estates, in which Lead, Coal, or other Minerals are, or are supposed to be; distinguilli-ing what Mineral is, or is supposed to be, in each of the Premises.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House an Account, {hewing which of the said Manors and Lands are open, and which inclosed; with an Account of the Quantity of waste Ground belonging to each.

Ordered, That the proper Ol$cer do lay before this House Copies of the several Proposals that have been made to the Commissioners for Greenwich Hospital, or their Agents, for the Working of Mines upon the said Estates; as also an Account which of them has been accepted, and what Proceedings have been had to carry the same into Execution.

And then the House adjourned till this Day Seven-night, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Jovis, 6° die Aprilis;

Anno 11° Georgii II'* Regis, 1738.

Prayers.

RDERED, That such Members of this House, as spanish De-are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, pre ationsin do humbly Enow his Majesty’s Pleasure, when he will American be attended by this House. ea8‘

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees:

A Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Robert Pack- packer’s <r Esquire,deceased,in the County of Berks, for discharg- Estate. ing Incumbrances thereupon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Archer,

Sir Francis Child, Mr. Bradfluno, Mr. Chefwund, Mr.

Affleck, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Shcpheard, Mr. Mr.

Jjeheup, Mr. Longueville, Mr. FenwMr. Bijfe, Mr.

Nedham, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Foley, Mr. Brereton, Mr.

Wilkinfm, Lord Wallingford, Mr. Fane, Sir Ar. Forbes,

Mr.

Linen , Jfoim&ftuifl*.

Ditto.

Duke of Devonshire's Estate.

Laws

respecting taum d Leather.

i Geo. IT. 6° Jprilis,

Mr. Edward Harley,9>'vrJohn Cotton, Mr.

Mr. Chester, Mr. Proby, Mr. Wms. Wynne, Sir

Wm. Courteney, Mr. Dawkins, Lord Mr.

Bramston, Lord Noel Somerset, Lord Sir John

Morgan, M r. Geo. For, Mr. Edward Kynaston, Sir Jer. Santbrooke, Mr. Harvey,$\r, WalBagot, Mr. Mr. Sandys, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Compton, Mr.

Devereux, Mr. Crewe, Mr. Robert Harley, Mr. Hume Campbell, Sir Wm. Stapleton, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. May, Mr. Holmes-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Berks, Oxford, Wilts, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Barons, Freeholders, and other Heretors, of the County of Forfar, North con-

vened by Authority of the Right honourable David Earl of Northqftc, Sheriff Principal, upon their Application,

in behalf of themselves, and others of the f»td County, interested in the Linen and Thread Manufactories; and also,

A Petition of the Merchants, and others, Dealers in, and Manufacturers of, Linens and Threads in and near Brechine, in North Britain, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others concerned and employed in the said Manufactures;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Manufactures, which have been of late Years greatly improved and increased, now labour under several Discouragements; but more particularly on account of the Drawbacks allowed on the Exportations of foreign Linens and Threads, by means whereof considerable Quantities are sent to Parts beyond the Seas, to the great Hinderance of the Consumption of the Produce and Manufactures of this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants of the City of London, and other Dealers in the Manufactures of Linens, Threads, and Tapes, made in Great Britain and Ireland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. John Bennel and M r. Thomas Bennet:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have pa (Tod a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of(ioldborn, Part of the settled Estate of William Duke of Devonshire,in the County of

caster, in the said Duke and his Heirs; and for settling the Manor of Blackwall, in the County of Derby, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefl’engers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Jdcfolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the several Cordwainers, whose Names are thereunto fubrcribed, living in the City of on

behalf of themselves, and others. Manufacturers of Leather in the said City; and also,

A Petition of the Cordwainers of the Corporation of Harxoich; and also,

A Petition of the Cordwainers within the Isle of Pur-beck, in the County of Dorset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; representing to the House the Injury done to their Trade by the Curriers, in cutting and felling Leather in fm til Parcels; and the ill Confetpience of allotting the Curriers to continue that Practice: And praying belief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Vol. 23.

Ordered, That, the Order of the Day,.for the Second St. Leonard, Reading of the 3111 to explain and amend an Act, pass'ed "r'-'itrh, in the Eighth Year of his present M^jessy’s Reign, inti- Cl‘ur<*b* tuled. An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of St.

Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

TheCounfel forand again!! the said Bill were called in:

And the said Bill was read a Second time:

And the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Art of Parliament, made in the Eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituh d, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of St. Leonard,

Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and also of divers other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, Freeholders, Leafeliolders, Landlords, and Inhabitants,* of the said Parish, was read:

And the Counsel against the Bill was heard:

And the Journal of the House, of the 281I1 Day of February 17,74, in relation to the Pet it ion of the Reverend John Denn Doctor in Divinity, Vicar, and Thomas Taylor, Churchwardens; and also the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Leonard, in Shoreditch, in the County of MiddleJ'ex; and the Order of the House thereupon; was read:

And the Order of tire 'House, made the 1 2th Day of March following, for bringing in a Bill for rebuilding the Church of tire said Paritlr, was also read:

And the Journal of tire House, of the 21ft, 2",tlr, and 3111 Days of the same Month, in relation to the Proceedings of the House upon the said Bill, was also read:

And the Counsel again!! the Bill having offered to produce in Evidence an Indenture, referred to in the said Act, bearing Date the 8th Day of April 1735, in order to prove, That tire Funeral Rates and Duties antiently due to the Vicar, Parish Cleik, and Sexton, of the said Parish, are included in the said Indenture;

The Counsel for the Bill admitted the fame.

1 hen tire Counsel lor atrdagaiirl! the Bill werediredled to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearintr of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Mr. St cretary at War reported to the House, That Time aphis Majesty having been waited upon, pursuant to their I'’"1' *or Order, humbly to know when Ire would be pleafer. to be attended by this House, had been pir ated to appoint this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, at his Palace of St. James.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exemplifying the last Will of Arthur, late Karl of Anglesey; and for making the same Evidence in all

Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and be taken into Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

F.arl of Anji efr-v’<» Will.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report Rpdmoie from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the effectual " Draining and Preservation of certain Fens, called Cazvdle Drainage. Fen, Waterden, and Redmore.and One Piece of Fen

Ground, called the Holts, in the Ille of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, be further adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- wvpmin^r ing next, resolve itself into a C ommittee of the whole ttddge. 'House, upon the Bill for building a Bridgecross the River Thames, from the Woolstaple, or thereabouts, in the Parish of St.Margaret, 111 the City of Westminster, to

the opposite Shore, in the County of

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Removing resolve itself info a Committee of the whole House, upon Nnirne’sDif-the Bill to enable John Nairneto sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to ✓ lD tr‘

remove

13 6 6° — 7°

remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real of personal Estate that may or flia.ll hereafter descend or come to him.

Removal of Rejoiced, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Douglas’ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

Attainder Bill to enable William Douglas, eldelt lawful Son to Sir Robert Douglas of , Baronet, to sue, or

maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may have descended or come to him, since his late Majesty’s most gracious Pardon, dated the 6th Day of February, in the Sixth Year of his Reign, or that shall hereafter descend or come to him.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vi eneris, J° die Aprilis;

Anno n* Georgii lldi Regis, 1738. Prayers

Snr Brvan A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mamage" S V to enable Sir Bryan Broughfon Baronet, an Infant, Article* to enter into Marriage Articles, notwithstanding his Infancy; was read a Second time.

Resolved, Thnt the Bill be committed to Mr Sir NathanaelCurzon, Mr. Mr Mr.

Danvers, Sir Geo. Cq/wall, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. say, Mr. Grow, Mr. Eduards, Mr. Mr. Her-

bert, Sir Chr. Powell, Mr. Thomas Archer, Mr. Lockwood, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Sir Wm.

Codrington, Mr. Turner, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Mr. Hungerford, Wr.ForreJter, Mr. Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

Corbett, Mr. Copplefton, Sir Richard Corbett, Mr. Wm.

Corbett, Mr. Kinafion, Mr. More, Sir Wm. Heathcole, Mr. White, Sir 77 tomasClarke, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Tuckfield,

Sir Geo. Wynne, Mr. Richard Lloyd, Sir John Heathcole, Mr. Hen. Archer, Sir Jof. Eyles, Mr. Fexe, Mr. Plumer, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Hay, Sir James Grant, Mr. Robinson. Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr. Bold; and all the Members.who serve for the Counties of Salop, Stafford, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ashenden Mr*. Sandys reported from the Committee to whom Inc ofure. g;|] for incIofing and dividing the common Fields, common, waste, and uninelofed Grounds, within the Manor of Ashenden, in the County of Bucks; and for the making effectual certain Exchanges therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill lothe Satisfaction of the Committee, except James Hind, and Mary his Wife, who have an undivided Fourth Part of One Half Yard Land, and the Right of Common belonging to the fame; which Half Yard Land doth not contain above Twenty Acres; and the Heir at Law, or Devisee, of Jane Dare, w’ho is entitled to One other undivided Fourth Part of the said Half Yard Land, and George Franklyn, to whom the said I Ialf Yard Land is mortgaged; but that all the said Parties have been apprized of the intended Inclosure, and have had printed Copies of the Bill delivered to them, or left at their Houses; and that none of them have appeared before the Committee, to oppose the fame; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwar Is delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, \ agreed to by the House.

Aprilis. A. 1738.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill to explain and amend an AO, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for explaining an Act, passed in the laftSeftion of Parliament, intituled, An Act to obligePapifts to register their Names and real Estates; and for enlarging the Time for such Registering; and for securing Purchasesmade by Protestants; and for securing the Estates of Papists, who are, or shall, become Protestants, against the Disabilities created by several Arts of Parliament relating to Papists; be printed.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted in and by an Art, made in the Tenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for enlarging, amending, and maintaining, the Hoad betweenNorthfleet, Gravefe7id, and Rochester, in the County of Kent; and also another Art, madein the Eleventh Yearof his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term granted by the said former Art; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for explaining and amending the said Arts; and also for repairing the Highways from hfleet aforesaid to

Dartford,in the said County; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Si Mr. Gybbon, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Braffey, Mr. Fane, Sir James Grant, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Danvers, Sir

wall, Dr. Lee, Mr. Packer, Mr. Mor den. Sir Clay-

ton, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Monson, Mr.

Chetivynd, Mr. Hoare, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr Sir

MilesStapylton, Mr. Papillon, My.Lockwood, Sir Francis Chdd, Mr. Longucville, Mr. Yorke, Sir Robert Aujten, Mr. Proby, Sir Roger Bradjhaigh, Mr. Mr. Shuttle-loorth, Mr. Watts, Mr. Knight;and all the Members who

serve for the Counties of Kent and Suffer, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Brereton reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for enlarging the Time granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Time granted by an Act, passed in the Eig-.th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for making a convenient Dock or Bason at for the Security

ofallShipslradingtoand from the said Port of Liverpoole; and for enlarging the fame, by making an additional Dock, and building a Pier in the open Harbour; and for enlightening round the Dock and Streets of the said Town; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made fe>-vpral Amendments thereunto; which they had direrted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in attheClerk’sTable: W here the Amendments were once read.

And the House being acquainted, That several other Amendments were intended to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the same Committee.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to grant Building Leases of certain Messuages in the Parishes of Saint Martin in the Fields and St. Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, late the Estate of Henry May Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

ReJblved, That the Bill be committed to My.Bramston, Mr. Yorke, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Price, Sir Wm. Codring ton, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Heathcole,

General Wade, Mr. Fere, Mr. Sir Brad-

jhaigh, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Datwers, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Edward Kynaston, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Packer, Sir

Thomas

-JL; r

Removing Disabilities of conforming Papists, &c.

Northfleet to Dartford Roads.

Liverpoole Dock anc Streets.

May's

Estate.

Manufacture of narrow Cloth.

Clandestine Exportation of Wool.

Papers re-

spetting Dif cuffions wi Spain.

11 Geo. It. 7* ApriltS. ni

masLoiolher, Sir Robett Monro, Mr M

ford, SirJames Grajit, Mr LonguevillMr Mr.

Forrejter, Sir JohnSt.Aubin, Mr SirNa/hanael

Curzon, Sir IVm. Hcathcote, JAMr.Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Gybbon-, and all the Members who serve

for the Counties of Middlesex and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John Ramsden reported from the Committee to

whom the Bill for the better regulating the Manufacture of narrow Woollen Cloths, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time; one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House; and some Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Clothiers, or Makers of Mixed or Medley Broad Cloth, in the Town of Frome, and Places adjacent, in the County of was presented to

the House, and read; complaining of the pernicious Pracliceof runningWool, unmanufactured, from and Ireland, into foreign Parts: And therefore praying. That such effectual Provision may be made for preventing the Exportation of Wool, unmanufactured, and Ireland, into foreign Parts; and such other Relief

given to the Petitioners as the House shall think fit. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, pursuant to

their Address to his Majesty, of the 6th Day of March last;

1 Copy of a Memorial of the Court of Directors of the

South Sea Company to the Duke of Newcastle, September

*5th> 733-

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, October 9th, 1733.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. , to the Duke of

t Newcastle, Escurial, — 1733.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Neucajile, Madrid, December 44 1733.

Copy of the Petition of the Court of Directors of the South Sea Company to the King, July 4th, 1734.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of to Sir

Richard Hopkins, Sub Governor of the South Sea Company, March 14^,1734-5.

Copy of a Memorial of the Court of Directors of the South Sea Company to the Duke of Newcastle, November 22d, 1734.

Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Count Montijo, February 18, 1734-5, and Translation.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle, to Mr. Keene, February 24th, 1734-5.

Copy of a Memorial of the Court of Directors of the South Sea Company to the Duke of Newcastle, February

*5th>1734-5*

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of

Newcastle, Madrid, Feb. 44 1734-5.

Copy of a Letter from Sir Richard Hopkins, Sub-Governor of the South Sea Company, to the Duke of Newcastle, March 7th, 1734-5; inclosing.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Court of Di-rectors of the South Sea Company, Madrid, Feb. 4-f

1734-5-

Translation of a Letter from Mor Patinho to Mr.

Keene, Feb.\4 1734-5.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to Mor Patinho, Feb. 44 1734-5 i and Translation.

Yol. 23.

Translation of a Letter from Mo* Patinho to MK Keene, Feb.44.1734-5.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Madrid, March 44 1734-5.

Copy of a^aper received from Don Thomas Geraldino, April 2d, 1735.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, April 3d, 1735.

Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, April 3d, 1735.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of

Newcastle, Casa del Monte, 1735; inclosing.

Copy of a letter from Mr. Keene to Mor Patinho,

JM«,j~1735» and Translation:

Copy of another Letter from Mr. Keene toMo'

-1735, and Translation.

Copy of an Address of the South Sea Company to the King, May 15th, 1735.

Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, May 23JO, 1735.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Nexocastle, Madrid, June -tV 1735-Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of

Newcastle, Pellexeros, — 1735; inclosing.

Copy of a letter from Mo' Patinho to Mr.

June\-§. 1735, and Translation.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Escurial, Nov. 44 1735: inclosing.

Copy of a Letter from Mo' Patinho to Mr. Keene,

~~.1735, and Translation.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Sir Richard Hopkins, Sub Governor of the South Sea Company, October 13d, 1735; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mo' Patinho to Mr. Keene,

7^y-1735, and Translation;

Copy of a Memorial of the Court of Directors of the South Sea Company to the Duke of Newcastle, December 4th, 1735-

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Nexocastle to Mr. Keene, December 5th, 1735.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Nexocastle, Madrid, — 1736; inclosing.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to Mor Patinho, March A 173.5-6, and Translation.

Copy of an Address of the South Sea Company to the King, received December 13th, 1735.

Copy of a Letter from Don Thomas Geraldino to the

Duke of Newcastle,^"^71735*6-

Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Nexccafle to Mr. Keene, July 5th, 1736.

Copy of an Address of the Court of Directors of the South Sea Company to the King, Januami 21ft, 1736-7.

Copy of the South Sea Company’s Observations (by Way of Reply) on Marquis TorVenuevos' Answer to Mr. Keene's Propositions: To which are annexed the said Propositions and Answer.

Copy of the South Sea Company’s Reply to the Answer of Mo' Patinho to the Company’s Address of Grievances, presented to their Sovereign May 15th, 1735-

Copy of an Address of the South Sea Company, by their Court of Directors, to the King, June 30th, 1737.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to the Sub Governor and Deputy Governor of the South Sea Company, July 29th, 1737.

Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Nexoccjlle to Mr. Keene, September 12th, 1737.

Copy of an Address of the Court of Directors of the South Sea Company to the King, December 21ft, 1737. Together with a Lilt of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

N n The

138 7 "ApriliS.^.1738.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Answer to Mr. Speaker reported, That the House attended his

Add re Ci. Majesty Yesterday with their Resolution 4nd Address of the 30th Day of Marchlaft: To which his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer; viz. Gentlemen,

I am fully sensible of the many and unwarrantable Depredations committed byth and you may

beaffured I will make life of the most proper and effectual Means that are in my Power, to procure Justice and Satisfaction to my injured Subjects, and for the future Security of their Trade and Navigation. I can make no Doubt but you will support me with Chearfulness in all such Measures as, in pursuance of your Advice, I may be necessitated to take, for the Honour of my Crown and Kingdom, and the Rights of my People.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Inverness Colonel St. Clair reported from the Committee to Town Debts, whom the Bill for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, on each Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Iirvemefi, and Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lippara, &c. The House being informed. That Mr. Oxenford, from Saitms im- the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the ported- Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Lippara and Belvidira Raiiins imported from 1718 to

1737; distinguishing each Year: Ann also,

An Account of the Quantity of Denia Ratlins imported from Chrijhnas 1718 to Christmas 1737; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to

14

consider of the Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading to the Levant Seas.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session:

Mr. Alderman Ileathcotereported from the Committee Nairn*

to whom ,theBi!I for veiling the real and personal Estate of Hugh Naish Esquire, who was late a Prisoner in his Majesty’s Prison of the Fleet, and escaped out of the fame, in Trustees, for the Benefit of his Creditors, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingfoffed.

A Bill for cohering, at the Port of Genoa in Relief of

Certain small Sums of Money, for Relief of Mariners ilupwreckrf Ihipwrecked, and taken in War, and other distressed Per- ^‘e^"rrs:u fons, his Majesty’s Subjects, and for other pious and charitable Uses, was read a Second time.

Refofoed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Willimott, Lord Mayor of London, M r. Hungerford.

Sir JamcsGrant, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr Gybbon,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Longueville, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. C’orne-

wall, Mr. Cary, Lord Polwarth, Sir Nathanael Curzon,

Mr. Cojier, Sir Francis Child, Sir Geo. Mr. Laroche, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Plumer, Mr.

terbuck, Mr. Frankland, Sir MilesStapylion, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Roll,

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Byng, S\r Robert Auften, Mr

and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Master Cordwainers, living Lawsre-within the City of Nonvich, in behalf of themselves, and specling fan-all others of the same Trade or Profession, in the said "ed Leatije*« City, and County of the fame, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of an Incroachment upon the Trade of the Cordwainers of this Kingdom, by the Curriers cuttingand felling Leather in Pieces; andfetting-forth, That the Petitioners have been informed, that the Curriers have applied to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for impowering them to cut and fell leather in any Town or Corporation in England And therefore praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Duty «a resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Governor and Company 31 lu* of Merchants of England trading to the Levant Seas;

Ordered, That the Copy of a Petition of the Levant Company to the Lords of the Treasury, praying the Duties on Smyrna Raisins may be lowered, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Report from the Commissioners of the Customs, on the referred Petition of the Levant Company, praying the Duties on -Smyrna Raisins may be lowered, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Certificate of several Merchants, Grocers, and others, that there has been very little Difference in the Prices of Smyrna or Denia Raisins, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Snanish Merchants Memorial, that-SmyrnaFruit generally tells here for more tbau Alicant and Denia, be refeired 10 the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Memorial of the Le- . vant Company, to prove that Smyrna Raisins do not fell

for

Shoreditch to Stanford Jtiill Koad.

11 Geo. II. 70 — 10° Apr ills.

139

for more than those of Alicant and Dcnia, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Smyrna Raisins imported annually for Three Years, ending at Christmas 1734; as likewise the like Account for Three Years, ending at Christmas 1735; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Imports of Raisins from Smyr, and the Duties paid thereupon, from Christmas 1718 to Christmas 1721; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amoupt of the Import of Raisins from Smyrna, and the Duties paid thereupon, from Christmas 1728 to Christmas 1731; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Imports of Raisins from Smyrna, and the Duties paid thereupon; from Christmas 1734 to Christmas 1737; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Com-.mittee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Frauds in Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the ailll whole House, upon the Bill for the better preventing \Vare* Frauds and Abuses in Gold and Silver Wares.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- v.'ays ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Mean*. House, to consider further of V. ays and Meansfor railing the Supply granted to his Majesty:

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Removing

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable John Nairne to sue, or Attainder, maintain any Attion or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter deicend or come to him.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- growing ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Disobifuyby House, upon the Bill to enable William Douglas, eldest Attainder. 3 lawful Son to Sir Robert Douglas, of Glenbervie, Baronet, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may have defeended or come to him since his late Majesty’s most gracious Pardon, dated the Sixth Day of February,in the Sixth Year of his

Reign, or that shall hereafter defeend or come to him.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for repairing the Road from the Stones Eud in the Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, through the Town of Hackney to Stanford Hill, in the great Northern Road, in the said County;

The Counsel for and against the said Bill were called

in.

And the said Bill was read a Second time.

And the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Landholders and Inhabitants of the Parish of St. John, Hackney, on behalf of themselves, and many others, was read:

And the Petition of the several Inhabitants of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was also read.

And the Counsel against the said Bill were heard, and examined several Witnesses:

And several Entries in a Book produced by the Vellry-Clerk of the said Parish of St. John, at Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, containing Minutes taken at Parish Meetings, were read.

And the Counsel against the Bill having examined several other Witnesses, went through their Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Bill wore heard, and examined a Witness, and produced Evidence.

And the Counsel against the Bill were heard by way of Reply.

And the Counfel on both Sides being withdrawn;

Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Perry, Colonel Oglethorpe, Mr. Mr. Mai-

jter, Mr. Crqffe, Mr. White, Mr. Neale, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Cholmondeley, Lord James Ca-vendifti, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Lo Mr. Frankland,

Mr. Danvers, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Walker,'Mr. Affleck, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Vere, Mr. Balle, Mr Sir Wm.

Heathcote, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Lamb ton. Sir John Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. OJbaldefon, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Bram-

fion; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, and Essex: And they are to meet this

Yot. 23.

Ordered, That the Order of the House of Yefterrlay, St. Leonard, for adjdurning till Monday Morning next, the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of St.Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of

Middlesex, be discharged.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

LuntZ) io# dieAprtlis;

Anno ii* Georgii 11" Regis, 1738.

Prayers.

MR. Robert Hacks reported from the Committee, to Marshall’a whom the Bill to impower the present Trustees, Foundation under the last Will and Testament o of Cbrilt-

Gentleman, deceased, to lay out a certain Sum of Money, ’

now in their Hands, for pulling down, and rebuilding, the Parish Church of ChrijiChurch, in the County of Surry; and for inclosing a Piece of Ground, lately purchased, for enlarging the Church-yard belonging to the said Church; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and upon tbs Qtiefiiou severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Brerelon reported from the Committee to whom Liverpool the Bill for enlarging the Time granted by an Act. D^ej"

passed

140

passed in the Third Year of the Reign oFhis late Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Time granted by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for making a convenient t)ock or Bason at Liverpoole, for the Security of all Ships trading to and from the said Port of Liverpoole; and for enlarging the fame, by making an additional Dock, and building a Pier in the open Harbour; and for enlightening round the Dock, and the Streets of the said Town; was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill: which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered , the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, Upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Derwent- The House being informed, That Mr. frorri

waterEstates. the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House. pursuant to their Order,

A Particular of the Estates of the late Earl of -wenlioater, as they flood when the Rents and Profits thereof were appropriated to the Use of Greenwich Hospital; distinguishing each Manor and Estate; with the Rent reserved; and the Names of the Tenants who then occupied the same; and by what Tenures they were respectively held: And also,

A Particular of the Estates of the late Earl of

wentwater, as they flood at last; distinguish-

ing each Manor and Estate; with the Rent reserved; distinguishing what has been the advanced Rent; and the Names of the Tenants who then occupied the fame; and by what Tenures they were then respectively held: And also,

An Account of the Value of the Woods, Kc. growing upon the Derwentwdter Estate, as surveyed and valued in the Months of August, September, October, and November, 1737; with the Amount of the fame; and the Quantity of Acres of Wood-land; distinguishing each Estate: And also.

An Account of what Mortgages of Incumbrances are charged on the Estates of the lateEarl distinguishing what Parts are affected by each Incumbrance; and the Nature and Value of the said Estates: And also.

An Account of the Particulars of the Lands, Part of the Estate of the late Earl of Derwentwater, proposed to be sold, inllead of the Lands mortgaged; with the Nature and Value of the said Estates; and the Names of the Persons whose Estates they lie intermixed with: And also.

An Account of the Names of the respective Lordships and Lands belonging to the Estates of the late Earl of Derwentwater,in which Lead, Coal, or other Minerals,

are, or are supposed to be; distinguishing what Mineral is, or supposed to be, in each of the Premifes: And also. An Account Ihewing which of the Manors and Lands belonging to the Estates of the lateEarl of Derwentwater are open, and which inclosed; and an Account of the Quantity of walte Ground belonging to each: And also. Copies of the several Proposals which have been made to the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, or their Agehts, for the Working of Mines upon the Estates of the lateEarl of Derwentwater; as also an Account which of them Ijave been accepted; and what Proceedings have been had, to carry the same into Execution.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

OrderedxThat the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perufedby the Members of the House.

A. 1738.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Petition of the Mailer, Warden, and the rest of the Company of Cordwainers in the City of Oxford; and also,

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Incorporation of the Myllery, Fraternity, and Fellowship, of Cordwainers, within the City and County of Exon, on behalf of thertiselves, and many Hundreds of the said Fraternity, within the County of Devon; and also,

A Petition of Thomas Rose, William , George

Hall, Thomas Hall, Thomas Simkin, Thomas Hubbex, Thomas True, John Wales, Bartholomew Samuel

Grant, Adam Smith, John Ashbun/, Philip Hughes,

Noble, William Darby, Henry , John Stimfon,

John Smith, Peter Young, Thomas senior, Thomas Wyldborejunior, James Hind, Edward Cave, John

Thomson, Robert Eaton, Thomas Gaunt, John William Cates, Wm. Riches, William Chandler, Francis Andrew, Thomas Smith, Henry Hart, John Tomlinson, Seth Shepheard, John English, George Whitehead, Samuel Noon, Robert Saunderfon, Comfort Bennington, Wm. Wales, John Johnson, Jeremiah Setchfeld, Peter Munton, and Gabriel Rose, Cordw ainers of the City of,

in the County of Northampton, on behalf of themselves, and many others of the same Trade, and Dealers in Leather, living in and near the said City, and in several Towns, Villages, and Hamlets, contiguous to the fame.

Were severally presented to the House, and read; representing to the House the ill Consequence of passing a Bill to impower the Curriers to cut and fell all Sorts of Leather: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of divers Gentlemen, Freeholders, and , Farmers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many other Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Farmers, in the County of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are Owners of Lands, or Tenants under Leases for Terms of Years, at full outside yearly Rents, of several Lands in the said County; which Rents are chiefly raised by Cheese, the Produce of those Lands, which the Petitioners have hitherto enjoyed the Liberty of felling to Persons well known to the Petitioners, on whose Integrity and Ability they may justly place their Confidence, and on such Terms and Credit as may bell raise and support the Price of such Cheese; and alleging. That if the Bill, now depending in the House, for altering the present Method of buying and selling Cheese in that, and several other Counties, should pass into a Law, a» it now Hands, the Petitioners apprehend it would not answer the good Ends pretended thereby; and that it will subject the Petitioners, and the Persons to whom they fell their Cheese, to greatTrouble, Charge, Hazard, and Penalties; and tending to restrain Credit, Jeflen the Number of substantial Buyers, and consequently depreciate the Value of Cheese, to the great Loss of all, and the Ruin of many, of the Petitioners and their Families: And therefore praying the House to take the Premifefr into Consideration; and that they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, or such Part thereof, as they shall be advised; and may have such proper Relief as the Nature of their same requires.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill for regulating the Cheese Trade in the several Counties of England and Wales,is committed: And that the Petitioners,

if they think fit, be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the fame

Lawsrefped* ing tanned Leather.

Ditto.

Ditto*

Regulating the Cheese Trade.

ii Geo. II. 10° Apr tits. 141

Supply.

l>uty on Smyrna lUifin*.

Ashendtn

Inclosure.

fame time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order,reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Number of Ten thousand Men be allowed for Sea Service for the Year 1738.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

‘ Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth

agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That an additional Number of Ten thousand Men be allowed for Sea Service for the Year 1738.

Sir Charles Turner also reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading to the Levant Seas, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read hr hisPlace; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, from and after the 24th Day of June 1738, the Rate of Smyrna Raisins, the Hundred Weight, containing One hundred and Twelve Pounds, be reduced to Ten Shillings.

The said Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Scroope, and Mr. Sandys, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill for inclosing and dividing the common Fields, common, wade, and uninclosed Grounds, within the Manor of Afienden, in the County of Bucks; and for making effectual certain Exchanges therein mentioned.; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 6. L. 34. To leave out the Word " and 7. L. 9. To leave out the Word "and:"

L. 18. To leave out the Word and:"

Press 8. L. 20. After the Word " Commissioners," and before the Word " or," to insert the Words " their " Successors:"

Press 9. L. To leave out the Word " and:"

Press 10. L. 29. To leave out the Word " and and after the Word " Successors," to insert " or Survivors:" Pr. 14. L. 5. To leave out the Word "and:"

L. 31. To leave out the Word " and;" and after the Word " or," to leave out the Word " by:"

L. 42. To leave out the Word " or:"

Pr. 15. L. 9. After the Word " Commissioners," to insert " their Successors or the Survivors:"

L. 35. To leave out the Word "and:"

L. 38. To leave out the Word "or:"

Pr. 16. L. 26. To leave out the Word " and:"

Pr. 17. L. 10. To leave out the Word " and and after the Word " Successors," to insert " or the Survivors :"

L. 38. To leave out the Word " and:"

Pr. 20. L. 41. After the Word "Commissioners;" to insert " their Successors or the Survivors:"

Pr. 22. L. 6. To leave out the Word "and:"

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly:

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titlebe, An Act for inclosing and dividing the common Fields, Voi. 23.

0

Wastes, and uninclosed Grotfhds, within the Manor bf Ashenden, in the County of Bucks; and for the making effectual certain Exchanges therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Way* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Mean*,

consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refu ned the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a; Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of the Churchwarden, Constable, Overseers Cambridge of the Poor, and Surveyors of the Highways, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Hamlet of Bethnal Green,in turnpike

the Parish of Stepney, alias Stebonheath, in the County of Road. Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,on behalf of them fel ves, and the rest of the Inhabi tants of the said Hamlet, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have a very large and much frequented Road, which is near Two Miles, belonging to the said Hamlet entirely, leading from Sho Church

to Cambridge Heath, and from thence over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End; which Road is in a very ruinous Condition, by reason of the many heavy Carriages and Cattle continually passingthat Way, it being the most convenient Road from Smitlifidd,a.ud the back Parts of the Town, to Essex, and the Counties adjacent:

That the Inhabitants of the said Hamlet confiding mostly of Journeymen Weavers, are very poor, and ndt in a Condition to support their said Road in the necessary Repairs, so as to be useful to the Publick: And therefore praying. That the Bill, now depending before this House, for repairing the Road from the Stones End, in the Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, through the Town of Hackney, to Stanford Hill, on the great Northern Road, in the said County, may pass: And that a Clause may be inserted therein, to impower the Trustees to be appointed in the said Bill, to repair the cross Road leading from Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to Mile End Turnpike; or otherwise to relieve the Petitioners in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Francis Child. Sir Nathanael

Curzon, Sir John Kaye, Colonel Bladeti, Dr. Butler, Mr.

Pi//, Mr. Butler, Dr. Lee, Mr. Bayntun 7?o//, Mr Affleck,

Mr. Lockiooood, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Ilucks,

Mr. Bevan, Mr. Kinafon, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Waller,

Mr. Cojler, Sir John Peachey, Mr. Scawen, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Whitworth, Lord Wallingford, Mr. Fane, Mr.

Corbett, Lord John Sackville, Mr. Fox, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Lifter, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Popliam, Sir.Knight,

Mr. Papillon, Mr . Longueville, Sir Mr.

Chettcynd, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Bramfion, Mr. May, Mr.

Gildart, Mr. Shepheard, Mr. Harley, Mr. Bathurst, Sir Edward Dering, Sir Edmund Bacon, Colonel Cornwallis,

O o Lord

141 10° — 11° Aprilis. 1738.

Lord Combwry, Mr. Price; and all the Members wh* serve for the Counties of and:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

La* A Petition of the Dealers of Leather, in the Towns

tanned'0^ Sheffield and Rotherhamand Places adjacent, in the

L^er> County of York; and also,

A Petition of the Sadlers, Bridle-cutters, Shoe-makers, and other Dealers in Leather, in and about the City of Oxford; and also,

A Petition of the middling and poorer Sort of Shoemakers, and other Artificers in Leather, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others, in the County of Norfolk;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; representing to the House the ill Consequence of restraining the Curriers from cutting and felling Leather in Pieces: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Prohibtion The Order of the Day being read, for the second of Stuff Reading of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, paired Buttons, kt. jn tjje ggyenth year Gf the Reign of his late Majesty King George,intituled, An Act for employing the Manufacturers, and encouraging the Consumption, of raw Silk, and Mohair Yarn, by prohibiting the Wearing of Buttons and Bntton-holes made of Cloth, Serge, or other Stuffs, and making the same more effectual;

The Counsel for and against the said Bill were called in;

And the said Bill was read a Second time.

And the several Petitions presented to the House, for and against the said Bill, which were ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Second Reading thereof, were also read.

And the Counsel against the said Bill was heard; and several Witnesses were examined on the Part of the Petitioners, against the said Bill.

And the Counsel against the said Bill went through their Evidence.

And the Counsel for the said Bill having been heard;

The Counsel, on both Sides, were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Thursday Morning next;

It passed in the Negative.

The Counsel on both Sides were again called in.

And the Counsel for the Bill, having examined several Witnesses, summed up their Evidence.

And the Counsel against the Bill were heard, by way of Reply.

And the Counsel on both Sides being withdrawn;

Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tdler, lhe Ye". { ffii, } 7*

Tellers for the Noes, } >0.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Bill was committed to Mr. Mr.

Sandys, Lord Pohoarth, Mr. IVrighte, Mr.

Mr. Burrell, Mr. Fere, Mr. Colonel,

Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Mr. , Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Crewe, Sir Jof. Eyles, Mr. Leathes, Mr.

White, Mr. Corbett, Mr. , Mr. Longueville, Sir

Wm. Carew, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Papillon, Lord

wynd, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Thomas Archer, Mr. Hen. Archer, Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr. Browne, Mr. Cary, Mr. Rowncy, Mr. Bold, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Corneivall, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Alderman Mr. Harvey,

»9

Mr. Edward Kynaston, Mr. Fox, Mr. Thomas Gore-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Clicfter,

Lane after, Stafford, Derby, Dorset, Wilts, Warwick, and Worcester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; And all that come are to have Voices.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven- Linen night, refol ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants of the City of London, and other Dealers in the Manufactures of Linens, Threads, and Tapes, made in Great Britain and Ireland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report ReJmore from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the effectual Fen Draining and Preservation of certain Fens, called raina6 Cawdle Fen, Waterden and Redmore, and One Piece of Fen Ground, called the Holts, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply* Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty,

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Plumer have Leave to Make a motion, it being after Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; And An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of for veiling the Manor of Goldbom, Part of the settled Estate of William Duke of Devonshire, in the County of e" Lancaster, in the said Duke and his Heirs; and for settling the Manor of Blackwall, in the County of Derby, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Richard Plumer, Lord James Cavendish, Mr. Thomson, Mr.

Earle, Mr. Edgecumbe, Mr. Pelham, Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr. Plumer, Brigadier Hqndafyd, Mr.

Pigott, Admiral Cavendish, Mr. WinnSir Thomas Lowther, Lord Gallway, Mr. War dour, Mr. Bowles, M r.

Sandys, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Walpole, Lord Robert Montague, Mr. Wm. Plumer, Mr. Stanho/>e, Mr.

Edward Walpole, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Hucks, Mr.

Cholmondeley, Lord Grey, Mr. Fere, Sir Robert Austen,

Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Gore, Mr. Cosier, Mr. Compton,

Mr. Affleck, Sir Waller Bagot, Mr. Balle, Mr.

Mr. Papillon, Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Lamb-ton, Mr. Archer, Mr. Kinafton, Mr. Mr. Bayly,

Mr. Laroche, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. White, Lord (lienor chy-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Seven of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martiis, 110 die Aprilis;

Anno ii° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1738.

Pr AYERS.

A PETITION of the Cordwainers of the ancient Laws aTA. Corporation of Lancaster; and also, respe&og

A Petition of the High Master, Stewards, and Com- Leather, pany of the Cordwainers of the City of Worcester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also,

A Petition of the several Mailers and Journeymen Cordwainers, Tanners, Curriers, and Sadlers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living in and near the Town of W,rexham, intheCounty of Denbigh, in beltalfof

themselves,

11 Geo. II. ti° Jp. 145

themselves, and the other Maoufafturers of Leather in this Kingdom; and also,

A Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and worshipful Company of Cordwainers, within the City of Chef-ter- and also of other Dealers in Leather, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living within the said City of Chester; and also,

A Petition of the Cordwainers of the Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dorset; and also,

A Petition of the Shoemakers, Tanners, and Patten-makers, in the Town of in the County of Suf-

folk;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; representing to the House the ill Consequence ofpaf-sing a Bill to impower the Curriers to cut and fell Leather: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions. were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Curriers, Tanners, and divers other Persons, Dealers in Leather, in the City of,

and County of the same City, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; representingto the House the ill Consequence of restraining the Curriers from cutting and retailing Leather in small Quantities: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

BedmoreFen Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the Drainage, adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the effectoal Draining and Preservation of certain Fens, called Cawdle Fen, Water-den, and Redmore, and One Piece of Fen Ground called the Holts, in the Ifleof Ely, in the County of Cambridge, was committed, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House refuroed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report; and the Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Rill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Naifli’s A" ingrossed Bill for veiling the real and personal Ef-Lftate! tate of Hugh Naish Esquire, who was late a Prisoner in his Majesty’s Prison of the Fleet, and escaped out of the lame, in Trullees, for the Benefit of his Creditors, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting the real and personal Ellate of Hugh Naish Esquire, who was late a Prisoner in his Majesty’s Prison of the Fleet, and escaped out of the fame, in Trullees, for the Benefit of his Creditors.

Ordered, That Mr. Laroche do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Oirificiiurch, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Middlesex, Reading of the Bill for the better enlightening the open Streets, &c. places. Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts; and for the better regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles, within the Parish of Chris-churchin the County of Middlesex; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Counsel for and against the said Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second time:

And the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Christ-church,in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other Inhabitants of the said Parish, was also read:

And the Counsel against the Bill was heard, and examined several Witnesses;

And several Entries in a Book, produced by the Vef-try Clerk of the said Parish in the Coun-

ty of Middlesex, were read:

Vol. 23.

And the Cotinfel against the Bill went through the Evidence on that Side:

And the Counsel for the Bill was heard, and examined several Witnesses, and Went through the Evidence on that Side:

And the Counsel against the Bill was heord, by way of Replyv

And the Couufel on both Sides being withdrawn,

Mr. Speaker opened the Bill. 1

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Child, Lord Sidney Beduderk, Mr. Mr. Gore,

Mr. PlumptrerMr. Cornwallis, Mr. Archer, Mr. Price,

Mr. Cratdey, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Bayntun Rolt, Sir James Grant, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Watts,

Sir Thomas Lowther, Mr. May, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Hay,;

Lord Galbcoay, Mr. Hueks, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Balle, Mr.

Fere, Mr. 'fracy, Mr, Curwen, Mr. Mr. Yorkt,

Sir Edward Dering, Lord Pohoarth, Lord Grey, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Cosier, Mr. Walpole, Lord Chetwynd, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Fox, Mr. SibthorpDr. Butler, Mr.

Kinaston, Mr. Byng, Sir Roger Bradjhaigh, Lord Eufion,

Nix. Chetwynd, Mr. Bramston; and all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex, and the City of Low-don: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported frtom Ways

the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- an<*Means-ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same Was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opiiiion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, his Majesty be enabled to borrow of any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Five hundred Thousand Pounds, at an interest not exceeding Three Pounds pet Centum per Annum, by Loans, or by Exchequer Bills which Loans or Exchequer Bills shall be charged upon, and secured by, the Surplufes, Excesses, or overplas Monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the Gentlemen, who were appointed, on the 20th of March last, to bring in a Bill, for granting to his Majesty the Sum of Fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, out of such Monies as have arisen, or shall or may arise, from the Surplules, Exceflfes, or overplus Monies, called the Sinking Fund,

That they do prepare and insert therein a Clause or Clauses, pursuant to the said Resolution.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Terms and Pow- Minehcad ers granted and given by the Acts, passed in the Twelfth Harbour, and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William, and the Tenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for recovering, securing, and keeping

in Repair, the Harbour of Minehead, in the County of

Somerset, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Terms and Powers granted and given by the Acts, passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William, and the Tenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Minehead, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Duty of Two jaTerm*fi Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, on Towalfcbt*. each Pint of Ale and Beer, that shall be vended or

fold

-c

144 11° — i'

fold within the Town of Invemefs, and Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town; and other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Duty of Two Penies&o/s, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, on each Pint of Ale and Beer, that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Invemefs, add Privileges thereof, for paying the

Debts of the said Town; and other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Colonel St. Clair do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Suceession of The Lord Glcnorchy presented to the House, accord* ingto Order, a Bill to enable all the Heirs, to whom the Honours, Lands, and Estate, of John Earl of

tore; and William Lord deceased, are limited

and intailed,other than George late Earl Marischal, now attainted, and the KTue of his Body, to succeed to the fame, in case of the Death of John now Earl of Kin-tore, and William Keith Esquire, his Brother, without Issue Male of either of their Bodies, in such manner as they would be intitled to succeed, if the said George late Earl Marischal had never existed, or had died without having been attainted: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Application The Order of the Day being read, for the House to of Derwent- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon tat«r the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, of the Eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Kents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Dertoentwater and;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

frestminster The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bridge, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Woolstaple, or thereabouts, in the Parish of Margaret, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry;

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive aClause, to enable the Commissionersto re-sell or dispose of such Piece or Pieces of Ground, to be purchased by them, as they shall find most advantageous; and to direct in what manner new Houses may be erected thereon; and also to fell the Materials of the Houses that are to be purchased and pulled down: the Money arising therefrom to be applied to the Uses and Purposes of the Act of the Tenth of his Majesty’s Reign, and of this Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Claus , to enable the Commissioners to lend the Residue of the Money, arising by the Act of the Tenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, or such Part thereof, as they shall think fit, until the same shall be disposed of, to the Purposes of the said Act, and this Bill, for an Interest, upon proper Security, to be mentioned in the Clause.

Then the House resolved itfelfintothe said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Sundontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Sundon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Removing The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Nairne’sDif- resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon Attainder. t*ie to enable John Nairne to sue, or maintain any

i° Aprilis. . 1738.

Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate, that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him;

And a Motion being made. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, to subject the said John Nairne, and his Heirs, upon his or their succeeding to any Estate of Margaret Lady Nairne, to the Payment and Performance of all the Debts and Deeds of the said Margaret Lady Nairne; already contrafted and executed by her, bona fide, and for valuable consideration, at any time preceding the lit Day of January last, in the same manner as if the said Estate had belonged to her in Fee-simple.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That the same of the Creditors of the said Lady Nairne having been humbly represented to his Majesty, his Majesty gives his Consent, That the House may do therein as they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, to subject the said John Nairne, and his Heirs, upon his or their succeeding to any Estate of Margaret Lady Nairne,to the Payment and Performance of all the

Debts and Deeds of the said Margaret Lady Nairne, already contrafted and executed by her, bona fide, and for valuable Consideration, at any time preceding the iftDay of January Jaft, in the same manner as if the said Estate had belonged to her in Fee-simple.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord John Murray took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord John Murray reported from the Committee,

That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill; and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into aCommittee of the Removing of whole House, upon the Bill to enable William Douglas, pouglaa’* eldest lawful Son to Sir Robert Douglas of Glenbervie Disability by Baronet, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwith- Attainder. Handing his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may have defeended or come to him since his late Majesty’s most gracious Pardon, dated the 6th Day of February, in the Sixth Year of his Reign, or that shall hereafter defeend or come to him.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Lindefay took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Lindefay reported from the Committee, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 12° die Apr ills; Anno II. Georgii II41 Regis, 1738.

Prayers.

f)RD ERED, That Sir Walter Mr. Burrell,

Mr. Campbell, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Compton, Mr. EfhuL* Crojfe, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Earle, Mr. Frank land,

Mr.

Packer* £flate.

Stratford

Toney

Redory

Exchange.

Lawsrefpeding tanned Leather.

Cambridge Heath to Mile End Turnpike Road*

i x Geo. II. 1a* ApriUs.

*45

Gore, Mr. Hales, Mr. Harley, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Pitt, Sir Chr. Powell, Mr. Plamer, Mr. Shuttleworth, and Mr. Thompson, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to grant Building Leases of certain Messuages, in the Parishes of St. Martin in the Fields and St. Clement Danes, in the County of Middleflex, late the Estate of Henry May En-

quire, deceased, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumer, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Robert Harley, and Sir Henry Slingsby, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Robert Packer Esquire, deceased, in the County of Berks, for discharging Incumbrances thereupon, is committed.

let consist chiefly of Journeymen Weavers, who are very-poor; and that there are Eight hundred Hoqfes in the said Hamlet; and that Seven, Eight, or Ten Families live in each of the said Iioufes: d that the Inhabitants

are not in a Condition to keep the same in Repair, so as to be useful to the Publick.

Thomas Bridge confirmed the Evidence given to the Committee by the said John Went.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road from the Stones End, in the Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middleflex,through the Town of Hackney, to

Stanford Hill, on the great Northern Road, in the said County, That they do make Provision in the laidBjll for repairing the cross Road, leading from Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End.

The Lord Harry Powlett reported from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exchanging Part of the Glebe Lands and Hereditaments, belonging to the Rector of Stratford Toney, in the County of Wilts, for other Lands belonging to the Lord of the Manor, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: And that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And be delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Petition of the Curriers, and others, of the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, was presented to

the House, and read; representing to the House the ill Consequenceof restrai ning the Curriers from cutting and felling Leather in Pieces: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Cordwainers of the Borough of Malmesbury, in the county of ; and also,

A Petition of the Sadlers, Cordwainers, and other Artificers in tanned Leather, in and about Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, the ill Consequence of impowering the Curriers to cut and fell L.eatber in Pieces: and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Sir Francis Child reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Churchwarden, Constable, Overseers of the Poor, and Surveyors of the Highways, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Hamlet of Bethnal Green, in the Parish of Stepney, alias Stebonheath, in the County of Middleflex, whose Names are thereunto fuh-scribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Hamlet, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table *. Where the same was read; and is as as.fbllows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof the Petitioners called,

John Went: Who being-examined, said. That, there is a very large Road, near Two Miles in Length, belonging to the said Hamlet of Bethnal Green, and lead* from Shoreditch Church to Cambridge Heath, and frofn thence over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at End; and that the said Road is in a very ruinous Condition, by reason of the many heavy Carriages and Cattle continually passing that Way, beiqg the convieuient Road,to Smithfield, and the back Part of the Town, to Fflfey, and the Counties adjacent.

He further said, That the Inhabitants of the said Ham-Voi» 23.

An ingrossed Bill to impower the present Trusteeft Marshall* under the Jaft Will and Testament of John Marjkall Gen- Foundation tleman, deceased, to lay out a certain Sum of Money, church now in their Hands, for pulling dowq and rebuilding the Surry. ’ Parish Church of Chris Church, in the County of Surry; and for inclosing a Piece of Ground, lately purchased, for enlarging the Church-yard belonging to the said Church: was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to impower the present Trustees under the last Wilt and Testament of John Marjkall Gentleman, deceased, to lay out a certain Sum of Money, qow in their Hands, for pulling down and rebuilding the Parish-Church of Chrifll Church, in the County of Surry and for inclosing a Piece of Ground, lately purchased, for an additional Church-yard to the said Church.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Hucks do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Sundon, according to Older, reported from Westminster the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Bridge, for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Wool/laplc, or thereabouts, in the Parish of St. Margaret, in the City of Westminfller, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House: Andberead the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and thdn a Second time, one by one: And, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to enable William , elded Removing

lawful Son to Sir Robert Douglas of Glenbervie, Baronet, Douglas* to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding

hip Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may have descended or come to him, fi nee his ta$e Majesty’s most gracious Pardon, dated the 6th Day of February, in the Sixth Year of his Reign, 6r that shall hereafter defeend or come to him; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable William Dougla, eldest lawful Son to Sir Robert Douglas of Glenbervie Baronet, to sue, or maintain any Action, or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any realorper-fo&al Estate that may.hpve descended or come td him since his late Majesty’s most gracious Pardon, dated flie Sixth Day of February, in the Sixth Year of his Reign, or that shall hereafter defeend or come to him.

Ordered, That Mr. Lindeflay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Hucks, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Yorke, Shoreditch Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Colonel Liddell, Mr. PapiUon, J® S unfor

p bir H,u Ro#d‘-

4

146 12° Aprilis. A. 1738.

Sir Chr. Poxoell, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Wm. Jollijf, Mr. Kent, Sir James Grant, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Earle, Sir Robert Aujlen, Sir Robert Munro, Sir Roger Brad-fhaigh.Sir James Nafmyth, and Mr. be added

to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road from the Stones End in the Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of ,through the

Town of Hackney, to Stanford Hill, in the great Northern Road in the said County, is committed.

Laws re- Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, to sparting tan- whom the Petition of the Curriers, and other Dealers in ned Leat er. whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in be-

half of themselves, and many others; and also the Petition of the Cordwainers, living in and near the City of London, whoteNames are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Man ufattu rers of Leather in this Kingdom; and also the Petition of several Shoemakers, in and about the CitiesofAe/icfowand and Liberties thereof, whose Names are thereunto sub-

feribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others; and

also the several Petitions presented to the House from the Cordwainers, in the several Towns of Warwick, Cambridge, Shrewsbury , and Birmingham, and from the Wardens, and Keepers, atul Commonalty, of the wor-Ihipful Company of Sadlers of; were referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matters of the &id Petitions; and had heard the Petitioners, the said Curriers, and other Dealers in Leather, by their Coun-fel; and had also heard Counsel for the Petitioners, the Cordwainers, living in and near the City of; and

that the Committee had directed him to report the Matters of the said Petitions, as they appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee there-

> Upon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Cqnli-dcration upon Monday Morning next.

Privilege. A Complaint being made to the House, That George . Edwin Jeweller had counterfeited the Hand of a Mem- berof this House, in the Franking of several Letters, to be sent by the General Poll;

And theisaid Letters being delivered in at the Clerk’s Table;

And >the said Member declaring, That his Name put

on the;Superscriptions of the said Letters was not of his Hand-writing;

And the Superscriptious of the said Letters being read;

Audit appearing to the House, That the said Letters were signed by the said George Edwin-, and that in One of them were inclosed several Covers for Letters, franked with the Name of another Member of this House; One of which Covers was directed to the said George Edwin , Jeweller, in Fosler Lane, London-,

And a Complaint being also made to the House, That the Name of another Member of this House had been counterfeited, in like manner;

And several Letters, franked with the said Member’s Name, being delivered in at the Clerk’s Table;

And the said Member declaring, That his Name piit on the Superscriptions of those Letters was not of his Hand-writing;

And the Superfpriptions of the said Letters being read;

And it appearing to the House, That the said Letters were signed. by John Jones; in One of which Letters'was inclosed a Cover for a Letter franked with the Name of another Member of this House; which the said Member declared was not of his Hand-writing;

And the House being informed, That a. Person from the Poll Office attended at the Door;

And he being called in; and having, at the Bar, presented to the House a List of the Names of the several Members of this House, whose Names have been supposed to be To counterfeited; together With the Letters so

franked with the Names of such Members, which Letters were contained in several Boxes, marked alphabetically;

And he being withdrawn;

‘ And the Resolutions of the House, of the 25th Day of April 1735, That it is a notorious Breach of the Privilege of the House of Commons, for any Person to counterfeit the Hand, or put the Name of any Mem I er of the House of Commons upon any Letter, in order to prevent its being charged with the Duty of Postage; and that such Persons as shall presume to do the same ought to be proceeded against with the utmost Severity; being read;

And aComplaint being made to the House, That same . Billingsley had, in the aforesaid manner, counterfeited the Hand of a Member of thte House, by franking several Letters contained in One of the said Boxes;

And the Superscriptions of the said Letters being read;

And it appearing to the House, That the said Letters were signed by the said Cafe Billingsley, in some of which were inclosed Covers for Letters, franked with the Name . of the said Member, and directed to M Billingsley, in KiUegrew Court, Whitehall;

And tire said Member declaring. That the said Letters, and Covers, were not franked by him;

And the House being informed. That the Letters signed with the Name of the said Cafe Billingsley, were of the Hand-writing of the said same Billingsley,

Ordered, Nemine contradicente. That George Edwin Jeweller be -sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in order to be brought to the Bar of this I louse, to be examined, touching the Matter of the said Complaint.

Ordered, That same Billingsley be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in order to be brought to the Bar of this House, to be examined, touching the Matter of the said Complaint.

Ordered, That John Jones Attorney at Law be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in order, to be brought to the Bar of this House, to be examined touching the Matter of the said Complaint.

And a Complaint being made to the House, 'Ihat Mr.

.PaynterAttorney at Law, had, in like manner counterfeited the Hands of several Members of this House, by franking several Letters contained in One of the said Boxes;

And the said Members having declared, That the said Letters were not franked by them;

And the Superscriptious of the said Letters being read;

And it appearing to the House, That the said Letters were signed by the said Paynter-, and that he had con-sessed to One of the said Members, that he had so counterfeited the said Member’s Hand;

Ordered, That Mr. Paynter Attorney at Law be fen t for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in order to be brought to the Bar of this House, to be examined, touching the Matter of the said Complaint.

And another of the Letters, contained in One of the said Boxes, being franked with the Name of a Member of this House; which the said Member declared was not of his Hahd-writing;'

And it appearing to the House, That the said Letter was directed to Mr. Dairfon, at the Spotted Dog, near Newgate, London;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Daxefon do attend thi$

House tipon Monday Morning next.

And-another of the said Letters being Franked with the Name of a Member of this House, alleged in the aforesaid Lift to be counterfeited;

And it appearing to the House, that the said Letter was-signed by one William Burridge; Ordered, That the said William Burridge do attend this House upon Monday Morning next,

A Bill to-explain and amend an Att, made in the Third Removing Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled,- An Act for explaining an Act, passed ing papln,* thelaftSession of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige &c.

~ Papilis

1

v

y le

11 Geo. II. iaV-ij'

Papists to regilier their Names and real Estates 5 and for enlarging the Time for such Registering; and for securing Purchases made by Protestants; and for securing the Estates of Papists, who are, or shall, become Protestants, against the Disabilities created by several Acts of Parliament, relating to Papists; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

Castle Don- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act nington for reducing the Stint of the Hprfe or Bead Pastures and

Paftore^ Sheep Commons, within the Manor, Town, and Parish, ure* of Cajile Donnington, in the County of Leicester, without any Amendment. And also,

Cole*’ The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Ellate. confirming the Sale of the Leafchold Estate late of Bar-tiaby Coles Gentleman, deceased; and for veiling his Freehold Estates in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Aprilts. 147

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 130 die Aprilis;

Anno 11* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1738.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Company of Cordwainers of LaWg re.

the Borough of Tewkesbury, was presented to the specting tan-House, and read; representiqg to the House the ill ned Leather. Consequence of allowing the Curriers to cut and fell Leather: And praying Relief.

Oraered, That the said Petition do He upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Stratford for exchanging Part of the Glebe Lands and Heredita- Toney ments belonging to the Reftorof Stratford in Setl?rjr

the County of Wilts, for other Lands belonging to the c an®’*’ Lord of the Manor, was read the Third time. '

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Harry Powlett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and Acquaint them, That this House h%fh agreed to the faiqe, without any Amendment.

Removing Nairn’s Disability by Attainder.

Morice’s

Divorce.

Frauds in Gold and Silver Wares.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

The Lord John Murray reported from the Committee of the.Whole House, to whom the Bill to enable John Nairne, tb sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter descend or come to him; was committed;, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, was, with Amendments thereunto, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

The House, according tb Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to diflolvethe Marriage of Sir William 'MarineBaronet with Lady Lucy

Wharton, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Harley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed (he Chair.

Mr. Harley reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and Evidence, for the Bill; and that no Person appeared against it; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself itito a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better preventing Frauds and Abuses in Gold and Silver Wares.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Vol. 23.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cole*’ for confirming the Sale of the Leasehold Estate late of Estate. Barttaby Coles Gentleman, deceased; and for veiling his Freehold Estates in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

» 1

Mr. Harley, according to Order, reported:from the Morice’s Committee of (he whole House, to whom the ingrossed Divorce. Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir William Morice Baronet with Lady Lucy Wharton, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Pr.'i. L- 12- Leave out "lall pall," andinfert * One " thousand Seven hundred Thirty-seven :"

Pr. 3. L. 7. Leave out " last past," and insert "One " thousand Seven hundred Thirty-seven."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.. -

The Hpufe, according to Order, resolved itself into a Office* and Commitlee of, t,he whole House, upon the Bill to indem- e"p, V"""-nify Persons who have omitted to qualifythemfelvesfdr Offices, or to read the Prayers, and make the Declarations and Subscriptions required, within the respective Times limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for those Purposes. . < .,:

Mr. Spegfcer left the Chair.

Dr. Lee took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Dr. Lee reported :from the Committee, That they had goue through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; whiph they bad directed him to report, When the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow'

Morning.

An ingrossed Bill to enable John Nairne 10 lue, 01 RemoTjD_ maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his At- Nairne’* Dif-tainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by rea- ability by son of his Attainder, to take or inherit any real or Aiu‘nder-, personal

Shaftdbury

Election.

Privilege.

Ditto.

148

ty Apr ills.

1738.

personal Estate thit minty or shall herealtet' defcehd or come to him; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, an Act to enable John Nairne to frie, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or iha.ll hereafter defeend or come to him.

Ordered, That the Lord John Murray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defile their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the House, of the 23d Day of March lad, for the Committee of Privileges arid Elections to hear the Matter of the Petition of Thomas Drury Esquire, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, for the Borough of Shaflon, alias in the County of Dorset, which was referred to the Chnfidefa-tion of the said Committee, be discharged.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon Monday the 15th Day of May next.

The Serjeant at Arms attending the House being called upon, to give an Accdunt of what had been done In relation to the Taking of the several Personswho Were Yesterday ordered to be sent frit in his Custody, acquainted the House, That George Edwin and Cdfe Billingsley had been taken into Cnllody, and attended at the Ddbr; but that the other Persons were not yet taken; not being in, Town.

.OrderedtThat the Ibid.George EdtOiii be brought m to the Bar of this House.

And he was brought in by the Serjeant at Arms accordingly: Who stood by him with the Mace.

And the several Letters, by him figried, and Yesterday delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, and the Covers for Letters inqlofed in One of them, being ihewn to him, he confessed, That the said Letters, and the whole Superscriptions of the said Letters and Covers, were of his Hand-wetting.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the said George

Edwin, having counterfeited the Hand-writing of the Name of a Member of this House upon several Letters, ip order fco prevent their being charged with the Duty of Postage,.is,guilty of an high MisdemeanOr, and a notorious Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente. That the fai Edwin be, for his said Offence, committed Prisoner to his Majesty’s Prison of Newgate: And that Mr. Speaker do iffi)e his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That the said same Billingsley be brought in to the Bar of this House.

And he was brought in by the Serjeant at Arins accordingly: Who stood by him with the Mace.

And the several Letters, by himligned, and Yesterday resented to the House, and the Covers for Letters in-jejofed infqirie of them, beinglhewn to h*im,he corifeffed. That the said Letters, and the Directibris of the said Letters and Covers, were of,his Hand-writing; but alleged. That lie received the Franks from one Mrs.

Graham,.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That PrifcillaOruham do attend this Hdufe immediately.-

A Complaiht being made to the House, That the Pub-Jilhers of several written and printed News Letters and papers had taken upon them to give Accounts therein of the Proceedings of this House;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That it isan high Indignity to, and a notorious Breach of the Privilege of, this House, for any News Writer, in Letters, or other Papers (as Minutes, or under any other Denomination), or for any Printer or Publisher of any printed News Paper, of any Denomination, to presume to insert in the said letters or Papers, or to give

so

(hfcteiri any Account of, the Debates, or other Proceedings, of this House, or any Committee thereof; and that this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offenders;

Ah Amendment was proposed to be made to the Qtieftion, by inferring, after the Word " thereof," and before the Word "and," these Words " as well during " the RecCfs as the Sitting of Parliament

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That it is an high Indignity to, and a poto-h'ous Breach of the Privilege of, this House, for any News Writer, in Letters, or other Papers (as Minutes, or under any other Denomination), or for any Printer or Publisher of any printed News Paper, of any Denomination, to presume to insert in the said Letters or Papers, or to give therein any Account of the Debates, or other Proceedings, of this House, or any Committee thereof, as well during the Recess as the Sitting of Parliament; and that this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offenders.

Thfe Serjeant at Arms attending this House having privilege, informed the House, That Priscilla Graham went from her Lodging at Eleven o’Clock this Morning, and could not be found;

Ordered, That same Billingsley be brought to the Bar of this House Td-morrow Morning, to be examined again, touching the Matter of the Complaint made against him.

Ordered, That Priscilla Graham do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the Order of the Day for taking into Consideration Anglesey’* the Report from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Will.

Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exemplifying the last Will of Arthur late Earl of Anglesey, and for making the same Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland-, was committed; be now read;

It passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Manufacture resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to of Iron m consider of the Report from the Committee to whom *"* the Petition of thelronmongersandManufacturersoflron t,0lw* in the Towns of Birmingham, Wolverhampton, bridge,&ndDudley, and the Parts adjacent, in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester-, and also the Petition'of fondry Ironmasters, in behalf of them Pelves, and others, concerned in the making of Iron in Great Britain; and also the Petition of several Merchants, Ironmasters, and Ironmongers, in the City of Bristol; were referred;

Ordered, That the Account of the Duty which has been received by Excise on Beer and Ale fold in Birmingham District, in the County of Warwick, for Six Years last bast; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Account of the Money which was received by Excise upon Beer anil Ale fold in Birmingham District, in the County of Warwick, from Midsummer, 1710 to Midsummer 1718; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Return of the Commissioners of the 'Customs to Six Orders of the House, of the 7th and 9th of February last; together with an Account of the Quantity of Iron imported into England, from 1735

to Christmas 1736, from foreign Countries; with the Duties payable thereon, and howmuch thefameamounted to; distinguishing each Country: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Iron, in Bars, Pigs, or Sows, imported into England from the Plantations; distinguishing each Species; with the Duties payable thereon, and how much the feriie amounted to; from Christmas 1735 to Christmas 1736; distinguishing each Plantation: And also.

An

11 Geo. II. 130 — 14* 149

An Account of the Quantity of wrought Iron, and Iron in Bars, exported to the Plantations from Chriji-mas 1735 to Christmas 1736; distingu idling each Plantation; be referred to the f.tid Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The I-ord Gage took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Sneaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Gage reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Earl of Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Anjdefey’a whom the utgrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A for exemplifying the lad. Will of late Earl

of Angle fin; and for making the same Evidence in all Courts ol I-aw and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland; was committed; I e taken into Consideration upon Tuef-dayMorning next.

Frauds In Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn -

Gold and Sil- ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole verWare*, House, upon the Bill for the better preventing Frauds and Abuses in Gold and Silver W ares.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 14*;

Anno it* Georgii IE1*Regis, 1738.

pKAYERS.

May’s "\/JR. Bramston reported from the Committee, to Mate. l\l whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to grant Building Leafesof certain Messuages, in the Parishes of St. Martin in the Fields, and St. Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, late the Estate of Henry May Esquire,decensed, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confeftt to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

1 *'

St. Leonard, A Petition of Francis Cartwright Parish Clerk, and Shoreditch, William Bewley Sexton, of the Parish of St. Leonard, Church. Shoreditch, in the County of r, was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have been lately informed, that, by an Act of Parliament, made in the Eighth Year, of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of St.Leonard, Shoreditch', in the County of Middlesex,the antient and accustomed Fees for Burials

in the said Parish belonging to the Petitioners, as Clerk and Sexton’ thereof, severally, are veiled in Trustees therein named, to be applied towards Payment of certain Annuities for Lives to be granted for railing Monies for rebuilding the said Church: And that, as the Petitioners conceive this great Loss on them, was occasioned by Mistake; and that they never gave their Consent thereto, nor knew any thing thereof, till long after the said Act had passed both Houses of Parliament, and received the Royal Assent: And that the Petitioners are informed, that in the Bill now depending in this House, for explaining and amending the said Act, there is a Clause for restoring to them their said Fees: And therefore praying the House, That the said Bill may pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved, in such Manner as the House shall think lit.

Vol. 23.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, till the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill.

Sir Chrifioplier Pozvellpresented to the House, accord- East

ing to Order, a Bill for explaining, amending, and raak* ing more effectual, and enlarging the Terms in several Acts of Parliament, made in the 4th and 6th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the 1 ft, respective!y, for repairingand amending the several Roads therein mentioned; and for repairing and amending the Road from the Lime Kiln near Blackheath, to the Town of Dartford, in the County of Kent, and from the T urnpike in the Parish of St.George, in the County of Surry, cross the Road through BermondfeyParish to Bridge:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr Vynerpresented to the House, according to Order, DeepingEen*

a Bill to enable the Adventurers, Owners, and Proprie- Drainage, tors, of the taxable Lards, and the Owners and Proprietors of the free Lands, in Deeping Fens, and other Fens, in the County of Lincoln, therein mentioned, to . raise a competent Sum of Money, for the effectual draining, and future Preservation, of all the said Fens, according to their Agreement in that behalf; and to carry the said Agreement into Execution; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr Archerof Berkshire reported from the Committee, Packer’*

to whom the Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Estate. Robert Packer Esquire, deceased, in the County of Berks, frdischargingIncumbraneesthereupon,wascommitted,

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; ami that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the ' Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the 1 Amendments were once read throughout; and then a 'Second time; one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, With the Amendments^ be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for the effectual Draining and Pre- RedmoreFen servation of certain Fens, called Cawdle Fen, Water den. Drainage, and Redmore, and One Piece of Fen Ground, called the

Holts, in the lfle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, was read the Third time.'

(1 Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the effectual Draining and Preservation of certain tens, called Cawdle Fen, Water den, and Red->mopr, alnd Ode Piece offen Ground, called the Holts, in the Itle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Shepheard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and define their Concurrence.

Ah ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Time granted by Liverpool* an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Dock and Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Time granted Street*,

by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her l^te Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for making a convenient Dock or Bafon at Uverpoole, for the Security of all Ships trading to and from the said Port of Li-verpoole; and for enlarging the fame, by making an additional Dock, and building a Pier in the open Harbour; and for enlightening round the Dock, and the Streets, of the said Town; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Time granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, King George, intituled, An Act for enlarging the

Q q Time

Manufacture

narrow

Cloth.

Supply B'U; Sinking Fund, dec.

Morice’s

Divorce.

Duty on Smyrna RaiUns.

Offices and Employments.

Chri<l Church, Middlesex, Streets, See.

*5°

140 Aprilis. 1738.

Time granted by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen ,intituled, An Act for making a convenient Dock or Bafon at Liverpool, for the Security of all Ships trading to and from the said Port of Liverjxwle; and for enlarging the fame, by making an additional Dock, and building a Pier in the open Harbour there; and for enlightening the said Dock.

Ordered, That Mr. Brereton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the better regulating the Manu-fasture of narrow Woollen Cloths in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for the better regulating the Manufacture of narrow Woollen Cloths in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir Joint Lifter Kaye do cariy the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the Houfq, according to Order, a Bill for granting to his Majesty Two Millions out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1738; and for paying to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England One Million; and for redeeming an Annuity of Forty thousand Pounds, payable to them: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir William Morice Baronet with Lady Lucy Wharton; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence, of their Lordships.

Mr. Lockzooood presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for reducing the Rate now payable upon the Importation of Smyrna Raisins: And the ftune was received; and read the First Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Dr. Lee, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices, or to read the Prayers, and make the Declarations and Subscriptions required, within the respective Times limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for those Purposes; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question verally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir John Peachey, Sir Geo. Champion, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. CroJJe, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Robert IIucks, Mr. Inwen, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Shippen, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr.

Mr. Kent, Mr. Olmius, and Sir Wm. Stapleton, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts: and for the better regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles; within the Parish of Christ Church,in the County of Middlesex; is committed.

The Mailer of the Rolls presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enforcing the Execution of Duty on an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Retailers of Reign, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon the Li* Retailers of spirituous Liquors; and for licensing the 1(l"° s* Retailers thereof: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Bill be printed;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Excise do lay Excite on before this House, t he Amount of the Duties arising from Spirit*. &c. Home-made Spirits, from Midsummer 1735 to Christmas 1737; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Excise do lay before this House, an Account of what Excise has been paid for foreign Spirits and Brandies imported, from Midsummer 1 735 to Christmas 1737; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Excise do lav before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Spirits drawn from Corn in Great Britain exported; and an Account of the Bounty or Drawback by them allowed or paid for the fame, from the 24th of June 1 735 to ilie 25th of December 1737; distinguishing eac h Year.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Spirits drawn from Barley, Malt, or other Corn exported; and the Amount of the Bounty by them paid for the fame, from the 24th of June 1725 to the 25th of December 1737; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of what Duties have been paid atthe Custom-housein London, and the Out-ports, for foreign Spirits or Brandies imported, from the 24th Day cf June 1735 to the 25th Day of December 1737; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Excise do lay before this House, an, Account of what Number of Licences were taken out, for felling or retailing Brandy, or other Spirituous Liquors, or flrongWaters, underTwo Gallons, from Michaelmas 1736 to Christmas 1737; distinguishing each Year; and how many were within the Bills of Mortality, and how many were without.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Excise do lay before this House, an Account of the Number of Persons convicted upon the Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of spirituous Liquors, of felling Brandy, or any diliilled spirituous Liquors, or strong Waters, in any lets Quantity than Two Gallons; and the Amount of the Money paid upon such Convictions; distinguishing how many are within the Bills of Mortality, and how many, are without.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Excise do lay before this House, an Account of the Money paid by them to: Informers qgainst. Persons hawking or exposing to Sale spirituous Liquors about the Streets.

The Serjeant at Arms attending this House, being Privilege, called upon tp give a further Account of what had been done in relation to the Taking of the several Persons, who were, upon Wednesday last, ordered to be sent for in his Custody, acquainted the House, That Mr had been taken into Custody, and attended at the Door.

And the House being informed, That PrifcillaGraham, who was ordered to attend this House this Day, attended at the Door;

She was called in, and examined, touching tlieMatter of the Complaint made against same Billingsley:

And the Franks, which he Yesterday alleged he received from her, being shewn to her; the said. That she verily believed, that the received the same from one Mr. Gyles:

And then she was directed to withdraw.

And the House being informed. That the said Gyles attended at the Door;

He

Manofacture of Iron in the Plantations.

ilication

Derwent-

J^lUue.

ii Geo. II. 140 Aprilis*

He was called io, and examined; and the said Franks being shewn to him, be denied that the same were delivered by him to any Person whatsoever; though he acknowledged. That, at the Requt ft of the said Graham, and for her Use, he had delivered some Franks which were real; Two of which, and Two only, were of the Hand-writing of the Member of this House, whose Name is subscribed to the Directions of the Letters, and Covers for Letters, now before the House, written by the said same Billingsley; but said. He never law the Franks then shewn to him before.

And the said Priscilla Graham being again called in, and confronted with the said Mr.;

And they being directed to withdraw;

Ordered, That the said same Billingsley be brought in to the Bar of this House:

And he was brought in by the Serjeant at Arms accordingly; who Hood by him with the Mace: And having been further examined, touching the Matter of the Complaint made against him, was directed to withdraw.

Rejoiced, , That the said same Billingsley, having counterfeited the Hand-writing of the Name of a Member of this House, upon several Letters, in order to prevent their being charged with the Duty of Postage, is guilty of an high Misdemeanor, and a notorious Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said same Billingsley be, for his said Offence, committed Prisoner to his Majesty’s Prison of Newgate: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Paynter be brought in to the Bar

of this House.

And he was brought in by the Serjeant at Arms accordingly; who Hood by him with the Mace:

And the Letters by him signed, and upon Thursday last presented to the House, being shewn to him; he con-sessed, That the said Letters, and the whole Superscriptions thereof were of his Hand-writing.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That Francis Paynter, Attorney at Law, having counterfeited the Hand-writing of the Names of several Members of this House, upon several Letters, in order to prevent their being charged with the Duty of Postage, is guilty of an high Misdemeanor, and a notorious Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said Francis Paynter do, for his said Offence, remain in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The Lord Gage, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Ironmongers and Manufacturers of Iron in the Towns of Birm

Stourbridge, and Dudley, and the Parts adjacent, in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester; and also the Petition of sundry Ironmasters, in behalf of themselves, and others, concerned in the making of Iron in Great Britain’, and also the Petition of several Merchants, Ironmasters, and Ironmongers, in the City of Bristol-, were referred; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for explaining and amending an Act of the Eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Dencentwater, and Charles be now

read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Vcl. 23.

151

Ordered, That the Particular of the Estates of the late Earl of Dencentwater, as they (load when the Rents and Profits thereof were appropriated to the Use of -xoich Hospital; distinguishing each Manor and Estate; with the Rent reserved; and the Names of the Tenants who then occupied the fame; and by what Tenures they were respectively held; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Particular of the Estates of the late Earl of Dencentwater, as they stood at Midfitmmer last; distinguisiirng each Manor and Estate; with the Kent reserved; distinguishing what has been the advanced Rent; and the Names of the Tenants, who then occupied the fame; and by what Tenures they were then respectively held; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Value of the Woods, fife, growing upon the Dencentwater Estate, as fiirveyed and valued in the Months of September, October,

and November, 1737; with the Amount of the fame; and the Quantity of Acres of Wood-land; distinguishing each Estate; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Mortgages or Incumbrances are charged on the Estates of the late Earl of Dencentwater; distinguishing what Parts are affected by each Incumbrance; and the Nature and Value of the said Estates; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Particulars of the Lands, Part of the Estate of the late Earl of -

water, proposed to be sold, instead of the Lands mortgaged; with the Nature and Value of the said Estates; and the Names of the Persons whose Estates they lie intermixed with; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Names of the respective Lordships and Lands belonging to the Estates of the late Earl of Dencentwater, in which Lead, Coal, or other Minerals, are, or are supposed to be; distinguishing what Mineral is, or is supposed to be, in each of the Premises; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing which' of the Manors and Lands belonging to the Estate; of the late Earl of Dencentwater are open, and which inclosed; and the Account of the Quantity of Waste Ground belonging to each; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Copies of the several Proposals which have been made to the Commissioners of Greemcich Hospital, or their Agents, for the Working of Mines upon the Estates of the late Earl of Dencentwater; as also the Account which of them have been accepted, and what Proceedings have been had to carry the feme into Execution; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they bad divided him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Way* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted, to his Majesty.

Refolded,

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon st. Leonard, the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Shoreditch, Eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, Church. An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of St. Leonard,

Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, be further adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

4

Is 2

14° — 170 Aprilis.

A. 1758.

Supply, Resolved> That this House will, upon Monday Morning

' next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lun*> 17* die Aprilis \

Anno ti* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1738.

Mather.

Prayers,

Lawirespect- A PETITION of the Cordwainers of the Town and ing tanned l\ Parish of Tivertonin the County of Devon, and of the Cordwainers in the adjacent Parishes; and also,

A Petition of the Cordwainers and Tanners in and about King's Lyn, in the County of Norfolk; and also,

A Petition of the Cordwainers, Curriers, Tanners, Sadlers, and Bridle Cutters, in the Borough of Malton, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; representing to the House the ill Consequence of impowering the Curriers to cut and fell Leather in Pieces: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto*, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Questiou severally putthereu pon, were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to prevent any Turnpike to be erected upon a certain Part of the Road directed to be repaired by the Bill, between the House, called New Inn, and Hurkloe House, mentioned in the said Bill.

And the same was twice read *, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Sadlers, Shoemakers, Leather Clogmakers, He. in and about Kimbolton, in the County of Huntingdon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, the ill Consequence of restraining the Curriers, and other Dealers in Leather, from cutting and felling Hides and Skins in such Pieces as will best suit the immediate Occasions of the Petitioners: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Bobcrt Pucker Esquire, deceased, in the County of Berks, for discharging Incumbrances thereupon, was read the Third lime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass*. And that the Title be, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Robert Packer Esquire, deceased, in the County of Berks, for discharging Incumbrances thereupon.

Ordered, That Mr. Archer of do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Parker’*

Estate.

a?

tli

b

f.


Merit on

In iry 10 ui is-fur

liporuiiun.

Pmfeje.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to grant building Leases of certain Messuages in the Parishes of St. Martin in the Fields, and St. Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, late the Estate of Henry May Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed Duke of Mr. Richard Plumer reported from the Committee, to the fame, without any Amendment.

©e!?pnMr0’* to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords; intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Goldbom, Part of the settled A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses,

Estate of William Duke of Devon/hire, in the County of of the Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln,

Lancaster,in the said Duke, and his Heirs; and for set- ..... ‘

tling the Manor of Blackwall, in the County of Derby, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

May’*

Estate.

Grantham, &c. Roadi,

Sir Bryan Mr. Brereton reported from the Committee, to whom Broughton’* t|ie ingrossed Bill trom the Lords, intituled, An Act to Article* enable Sir Bryan Broughton Baronet, an Infant, to enter into Marriage Articles, notwithstanding his Infancy, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that

and of such of the principal Inhabitants of the said Borough, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That it appears to the Petitioners, by the Votes of this House, that I^eave is given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Roads from Grantham to Stamford, in the County of Lincoln: And alleging, That the Trade of the said Town of ford, which is very considerable, and the Markets there, will he greatly aftefted, in case the said Bill should pass into a Uw: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Glanville, Sir Rowland Alston, Mr. Christchwtk,

Sandys, Mr. Rajhleigh, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Lealhes, Mr. MiddWex, PearJe, and Mr. White, be added to the Committee, to trjeU’ whom the Bill for the better enlightening- the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts; and for the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the better regulating the nightly Watch, and Beadles; the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered within the Parish of Church, in the County of

the Bill in at’the Clerk’s Table. Middlesex; is committed.

Loughborough,

Jcc. Roads.

Sir Nathanael Curzon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road from Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, and from Derby to the Towns of Ashborne and Brajington, in the County of Derby, and from thence to Hurdloe, in the said County, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allega-

An ingrossed Bill for building a Bridge cross the River WestminAei Thames, from the Wuolstaple, or thereabouts, in the Bridgt. Parish of St. Margaret, in the City of to

the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry, was read the Third time.

The following Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Prest

11 Geo. II.

17® Aprilis.

Prevention of Injury to Corn interned for Exportation.

Privilege.

Profs 1. Tv. lad. After the Word Surry,*' to insert " of such Materials as the said Comnnflioners, or any " Nine or more of them, fha.ll, from henceforth, think " fit."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a Bridge cross the River from the lVooljitriple,or thereabouts, in the Parishof

Margaret in the City of W to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry.

Ordered, That the Lord Sundon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Pollen presented to the House, according to Or« der, a Bill for puniiliing such Persons as shall do Injuries and Violences to the Persons or Properties of his Majesty’s Snbjefts, with Intent to hinder the Exportation of Corn: And the same was received; and read the Fil’d; time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Serjeant at Arms attending this House, being called upon to give a further Account of what had been done in relation to the Taking of the several Persons who were, upon Wednesday lad, ordered'to be sent for in his Custody, acquainted the House, That John Jones, Attorney at Law, had been taken into Custody, and attended at the Door.

Ordered, That the said John Jones be brought in to the Bar of this House. (

And he was brought in by the Serjeant at Arms accordinglywho flood by him with the Mace.

And the several Letters by him signed, and upon Wednesday la ft delivered in at the Clerks Table, and the Cover for a Letter inclosed in one of them, being shewn to him, be confessed that the said Letters, ana the whole Superscriptions of the said Letters and Cove/, were of his Hand-writing.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

JReJblved, Nemine contradic That John At-

torney at Law, having counterfeited the Hand-writing of the Name of a Member of this House, upon several , Letters, and of another Member upon a Cover fora Letter, in order to prevent their being charged with the . Duty of Postage, is guilty of an high Misdemeanor, and a notorious Breach of the Privilege of this House, Ordered, That the said J<)hn Jones be, for his said , Offence, committed Prisoner to his Majesty’s Prison of A ewgate .-'And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

The House being informed, that who, was ordered to attend the House this Day, attended ' at the Door;.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said William Burridge do "attend this House upon this Day Fortnight;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

CLord Glenorchy,

I Mr. Corbett:

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said William Burridge be now called in.

And he was called in accordingly.

And the Letter signed by him, and' franked with the Name of a Member of this House, alleged in the Lift, upon Wednesday lull presented to the House, to be counterfeited, being shewn to him, he said. That he received the Frank from one Philip And the House being informed that the said Philip Winnell attended at the Door He was called in:

Vol. 23.

Tellers for the Yeas,

}’93-

Apd the said Frank being shewn to him, he confessed that it was of his Hand-writing.

And then the said William Burridge and Philip Winnell were directed to withdraw.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That Winnell,

having counterfeited the Hand-writing of the Name of a Member of this House, upon a Letter, in order to prevent its being charged with the Duty of Postage, is guiltyiof an high Misdemeanor, and a notorious Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said Philip Winnell be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House.

Ordered, That the said William Burridge be discharged from any further Attendance upon this House.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported Application from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the of Derwent- Bill for explaining and amending an Act, of the water Efote. Eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Derwentwater and Charles Radcliffe, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, ^SScenen.!:]

Tellers for the Noe*;

So jt was resolved in the Affirmative.


The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom speding tan-the Petition;of the Curriers and other Dealers in Lea- ned Leather, thei* whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of thfemlelves, and many others; and also the Petition of the Cordwainers, living in and near the City of Londoh, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Manulacturers of Leather in thisKingdom;- and also the Petition of several Shoemakers in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Liberties thereof, whole Names are thereunto subscribed in behalf of themselves and many others; and' also the Petitions presented to the House from the Cordwainers ift the several Towns of Warwick, -

Cambridge, Shrewsbury, and Birmingham, and from the Wardens, and Keepers, and Commonalty, of the wor-ftipfu! Company of Sadlers of London; were referred.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next. AT

’ ' ’ - I: v.v . -; \t

Thomas Dawson, attending the Hotrfe; according to Privilege. Order, was called in: ' 1

And the Letter directed to him, and, upon Wednesday Jaft, presented to the House, being shewn to him; he said. That the same was written abd signed by Robert Bitch of Grantham, , " ,

And then he was directed to Withdraw.

Ordered, That Robert Birch of Grantham do attend this House) upon this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That the said Thcmias Danfort do attend this House again, upon this Day Fortnight.

The other Orders of the Day being read; Resolved, That this House will,upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

fir House,

Way» and Mhm.

i7 — 18*

A. 1738.

Supply,

Privilege

Coles*

Estate.

154

House to consider further of Ways and Means for raif- effectual, and enlarging the Terms in Several Acts of ine the Supply granted to his Majesty. Parliament, made.in the Fourth and Sixth Years of the Gree«»ick

8 Reign of his late- Majesty King George the First, re- K0M*'

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday spectively, for repairing and amending the Several Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Roads therein mentioned; and for repairing and amend-whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted ing the Road from the Lime Kiln near to the

to his Majesty. Town of , in the County of Kent, and from the

Turnpike in the Parish of , in the County of

A Complaint being made to the House, That the Surry, crofc the Road through Parish to

Hand-writing of a Member of this House had been coun- London Bridge; was read a Second time, terfeited, by franking One of the Letters, which, upon R, That the Bill he committed to Sir Chr. Wednesday last, were presented to the House; Powell, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Mr. Lockwood, Mr.

And the said Member having declared, That the said Vyner, Sir James Grant, Mr. Knight, Mr. Bold, Sir Geo.

Letter was not franked by him; CaftoaMr. Archer, Mr. Mr. Hay, Lord Euston, And it appearing to the House, That the said Letter Mr. Lindefay, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Mr. IIlinger for d%

was Signed by one Robert Totty; Mr. Kent, Mr, Hen. Mr. Hucks,

Ordered, That the said Robert Totty do attend this Sir Charles Turner, Colonel Mr. Hooper, Mr.

House Tomorrow Morning. Hors Lord Gage, Mr. Trevor, Mr.

The House being informed, That aPerson from the HuxMr. Cornewall, Mr. Mr. Archer, Mr. Post Office attended at the Door; White, Sir Peachey, Mr. Crow le, Mr.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Mr. Harley, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Hales, Sir John Norris,

House, a Letter franked with the Name of a Member of Mr. Kinafton, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Alderman this House, alleged to be counterfeited. fons, Mr. Balle, Mr. Mr. Brereton, Mr. Med-

Atjtd’then he withdrew. lycott, Mr. Byng, Mr Mr. Mr.

Scawen, Mr. offe, Lord Sir Na-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow thanael Mr. Tucker; and all the Members who

serve for the Counties of Kent, and:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enable the Adventurers, Owners, and Proprietors, of the Taxable Lands, and the Owners and Proprietors of the Free Lands, in Deeping Fens, and other Fens, in the County of Lincoln, therein mentioned, to raile a competent Sum of Money, for the effectual Draining, and futurePrefervation, of all the said Fens.according to their Agreement in that Behalf; and to carry the said Agreement into Execution and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 18* die Alprilis j Anno u* Georgii IP* Regis, 1738. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act 'for

Deeping

Itjn

Draiftige;

for confirming the Sale of the Leasehold Estate late of Barnaby Co/crGentleman, deceased; and for vetting his Freehold Bftates in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

wood, Lord Polxoarth, Lord Chetivynd, Mr. Gore, Mr. Alderman Parfoiis, Mr. Mr. Plumptre, Mr.

Walker, Sir Charles Turner, Lord Sundou, Mr. Papillon, Mr. May, Sir John Kaye, Mr,. PoUiill, Mr. Lindefay, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Mr. llini-

gerford, Mr. Km.ight, Mr. Sir Charles Vernon,

.Mr. Houbbon, Mr. Kiuafion, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Edward Kynaston, Sir Francis Child, Dr. Lee, Mr. Scrope, Sir Chr. Powell, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Bfffe, Mr. Lijle; and all

the Members who serve for the County of Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber. i

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, Land Tax. , by a Land Tax, to be raised in for the

Service of the Year 1738, was read the Third time.

- The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press i9.cL. z\. After the Word " Nor they to insert " James

Pr. 115. L. 23. After the Word " Mooref to insert . u Adrian Moore Junior."

Pr. 117. L. 34. After the Wofd " Form," to insert " Nicholas Toke." ,

Pr. 117. L. 36. After the Word " Moore," to insert " Adrian'Moore Junior , T‘

M

bare

ny’s

vast of ti whe that and par and per

G

pr;

th

til

h

A

b

| r:,b Price ifOali

Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Cartwright, Sir James Grant, Mr,

Plumer, Mr. Ixmgueville, Mr. Butler, Sir Geo

'Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Walker, Mr. Gore, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Bramjion, Mr. Price, Mr. Ashby, Mr. kinfon, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Laroche, Mr.

Crewe, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Neale, Mr. Thompson,

Mr. Hucks, Sir Jof. Eyles, Mr. Chasm, Mr. Stanhope,

Mr. Tracey, Mr. Bromley, Sir Charles Vernon, Mr.

Scaiven, Mr. Fane, Mr. Alderman Marshall, Mr. San-dys, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Papillon, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Brereton, Mr. LiJte, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Knight, Mr. Harley, Mr. Wat kin Wins. Wynne, Mr. Vere; and all the Members 'who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, and Cam-

bridge: And they are to meet-this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of the Merchants, trading to Spain and Dutieso« Italy, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands cop- Smyrna cernedin the Shipping, the Fisheries, and Woollen Manufactures, of thele Kingdoms, was presented to the House, and, read; setting forth. That a very beneficial Trade hath been long carried on to Spain and Italy, from these Kingdoms, in Woollen Goods and Fish;

and from our AmericanColonies in Fish; whereby many hundred Ships Rave been annually enployed, to the great Increase of Seamen; and, by meaus of

And the same were, upon the Question severally put being loaded home with Raisins from

thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1738.

dere, and Lipari, have been enabled to deliver their Cargoes of Fish in Spain and cheaper than if

they had beep obliged to come home in Ballast; and that every thing, which tends to enhance the Price of our Fish at those Markets, of consequence gives the French, who, for some Years palt, are Ordered;That Sir Charles Tamer do earry the Bill to become onr Competitors in that Trade, an Advantage,

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. and encourage them to go further in it: And that,- as

the Petitioners conceive, the’Dill, now before this Iloulc, A Bill for explaining, amending, and making more for lowering the Duty on Smyrna Raisins, will naturally 17 have

i i Geo. II.

18" Aprilis.

have that Tendency; and that the whole Compa-

ny’s Trade may be justiy deemed trivial, confidenng the vast extent of Country which they have the foie liberty of trading to; and bears but a very small Proportion, when compared to the Spanish and Trades: And

that, although De/u'aKaifins are valued at 10s. per Hand, and pay but 6s. 4</.^yet those of and Li-

pari are valued at i is. and pay 67 per Hand. Custom; and all these Sorts, being of a tender Nature, are liable to perish on the Importers Hands, if not fold soon after imported; whereas the Smyrna Raifios may safely be kept Two Years, or more, for a Market: And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabl e, till the Bill for reducing the Rate now payable upon the Importation o t'SmyrnaRaifins, be read a Second time: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard by themselves, or their Counsel, against. the said Bill.

Ordered, That, the Merchants trading to the Levant Seas be admitted, if they think fit, to be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, at the same time, ,m Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

*55

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

A Bill for enforcing the Execution of an Act, made ®uty 0,1 in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of Liquors, spirituous Liquors; and for licensing the Retailers thereof; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Morice,»

Divorce*

of Coals.

A Petition of the Glass-makersi Brewers, Di(fillers, Sugar-bakers, Soap-boilers, Smiths, Dyers, and other considerable Confuniers of Coals, in behalf of themselves, and the Inhabitants in and about the Cities of anti JVefminfer, was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners, by the Nature of their Trades, are constrained to use and expend very iarge QuantitiesofCdals, which, for several Years pall, the Petitioners, have purchased at reasonahje Rates; but, notwithstanding'an Act of the Third of his present Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade, 'and an *A^l of the Fourth of his said Majesty, for rendering more effectual the said Act, so far as relates to, the.preventing the enhancing, the Price of Coals, ip, the River Thames, by keeping.ofTurn in the Delivering of Coals there^ the Petitioners have" been obliged* for same time Jail past, to give an extraordinary which,

jibe-, Petitioners apprehend, is owingto Combinations entered into, for eubancing the Price of Coals,'by keeping of Turn for Delivery of the Ships employed in that Trade; which-are now actually carried -on by faoh Mc-thods, as there is no sufficient Provision made to prevent by the said Acts; to the great Discoaragfcrfient of the Petitioners, and all others, the Consumers of Coals, in carrying on their Trades; And tl&t, unlelsRemedies be timely applied, the Petitioners rnrther apprehend, the Price of Coals will be much more enhanced.: Apd therefore praying the House to take the Prjemifes into 0 iideration and grant the Yuen 9*

Belief of Debtors, &c,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr,

Spicer: '

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir IVm. Morice Baronet with Lady Lucy Wharton, and to enable him to marry again; and for other. Purposes therein mentioned. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act inrolment of for allowing further Time for inrolment of Deeds and PaoiftsOeed. WHJs made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant "x* Wilk., Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees; without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of such Prisoners for Debt, as have, by unavoidable Accidents, loft the Benefit of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for -the Relief of insolvent Debtors; and for the Indemnity of such Sheriffs and Gaolers, as have incurred any Penat-jfcies, on account of such. Prisoners not being discharged j and for extending the Benefit of the said Act toCreditors,

,whose Debtors were committed to Prison lioce the ill Day of january 1730, and weredetained there upon the ill Day of January 1736, and haye chose to continue there; without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the BiH, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Third, and the other of the Tenth, Year of the Reign of his lateJViqjesty lying George the First, for repairing-the Highways from that Pa^t of Counter’s Bridge, which lies in the Parish of Ken-fington, in the County of Mifldlesex, leading througbthe Towns of\Rr,enford and Honyflowjo the Powder Mills, in the Rdj»d to Staines, and for Crayford Bridge, the said County, in the Road to Colnbrooke, without any iAmendment. , And also,:

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Aft1 for enlargiogtlieTerm and Powers granted and given by ;an Act, pitied ,in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his »-late Majesty King George, for repairing the Roads from

Hounslow, &c. Road*

*on-

Lemsford Mill, Ac. Roads*

the House shall seem meet. # r *> inti# County oiMerlfur<l> U*}¥ehotjfi%

A Motion being made, Thai the Ibid.Petition be re- and from thence to Mill, and from ..Welwyn,

/erred to the Confidemion of a Committee; through Codicot, to Hitchin, in the said County; andal-

TheJ cyrnal of the House, of the 2jd Day of yipril. f0 for repairing the Roads from Cary's Mill, to Hitchin *73r* in relation to the Petition ’then prefenied tp tfieaforesaid; without any Amendment. Add. also,'

House, of the Ghds-makefs, Bfewets,uinilfer% Sugar- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,.An Act

bakers. Smiths, Dyers, and otherxionfiderahleConfiimers . for contiouingtbeTernis and Powers, granted ancf given of Coals, in behalf of themselves, and the said Inhabitants by the Acts, passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Year

in a tid about the Cities of London and W<estminster; and of the Reign of his late Majesty King. William, and the the Order of the House made thereupon; was read:' (Tenth Year, of hies late Majesty for re-

And the Quetiion being put. That the said Petition covering, securing, and keeping.in Repair, the.Harbonr

be referred to the Consideration of a Committee, "..... "

The House divided. 1

The Yeas went forth. , /

Tellers for the Noe* Heathcele] '34.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.' t

Ordered, That the said Committee be a Coimn f(tee of the whole House,

Vol. 2g.

Minehesd

Harbour.


ia9.

i >.

; of Mineheqd, in the County of Somerset, without day Amendment. And also.

The. fords have agreed to theiBiU, intituled, An Act for continuing of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the b^tfer'Regnlat^in of Lp^ige and:BaJl^stage in the River f Thqmes, withqpt any Amendment. , And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable William ffajingberd Esquire, heretofore called [William Meux, and fh? Heirs Male to take

\ V and

Ae-

on the Thames-

MeuxY

Name*

!56

18° — 19*

A. 1738:

May’s

'Syraes*

Estate.

and use the Surname of Ma fingberd, pursuant to a Settlement made by Sir William Baronet, de-

ceased, without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas May Esquire, and his Sons, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies, to take and use the Surname of Knight, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth Knight deceased: To which the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Guardian of Amy , and CatherineSymes,

Infants, to join in making Leases of Lands, in the Counties of Somerset and Devon, with the other Owners there-

was committed; and the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 2. L. 8. Leave out " Kingdoms," and insert " Kingdom;" in the same Line leave out " Great "

L. 9. Leave out " Britain andand, in the same Line, leave out " or any of them."

L. 14. Leave out " Realms," and insert rt Kingdom;" in the same Line ..... out " Great " tain and."

L. 30, 31. Leave out " Britain and." The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon,

of, during the Minority of the said Infants; To which agreed to by the House. the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House. And Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Third time To-

Bernard’s, fee. Nat.

Prohibition of Stuff Buttons, &c

also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize Herman Bernard and John. Bofquain: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Cholmondeley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act for employing the Manu-

morrow Sevennight.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Attendance of Robert Totty;

The Serjeant at Arms attending this House being Privilege, called upon to give an Account of what had been done, in relation to the Service of the said Order, acquainted the House, That the said Order had been delivered td One of his Messengers: Who, being called in, acquainted the House, That he, having inquired for the said

fasturers, and encouraging the Consumption, of raw Silk Robert Totty at his Lodgings, was informed by the Maf-and Mohair Yarn, by prohibiting the Wearing of Buttons ter of the House,' to whom he delivered the said Order, and Button-holes made of Cloth, Serge, or other Stulls, That he believed the said Robert Totty was gone out of and making the same more effectual, was committed, Town.

And then he withdrew.

r-fh

ic, K

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to report to the -House: And be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the BUI, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Motion being made, and the Quetiion being put. That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Sevennight;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas $ Lord tellers lor the Xeas>lMr. Hen

102,

J'43

Tellers for the Noes,

And so it passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said BUI, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, -upon the Queliion fe verally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the BUI, with the Amendments, be ' ingrossed.

Linen The House, according to Order, a

IfanofiduK. Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Re-

Ordered, That the said Robert Totty do attend this House upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramston have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly. And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas May Esquire, and his Sons, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies, to take and use the Surname of Knight, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth Knight, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. f ...1

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii 'y 19* die;

Anno 11* Georg'nlP1 Regis, 1738.

May*

Name.

Mu

Pnf<

Em

utd

Prat e r s.

COMPtSltit being made to the House, That tile

_ Hand of a Member of this House had been import from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the One of the Tetters which, upon

Merchants of the City of London, and other Dealers in Wednesdaylaft, Were prefen ted to the House, and the the Manufactures of Linens, Threads, and Tapes, made letter which, upon Monday, was presented to in Great Britain and Ireland, whose Names are there- And the said, Member haring declared, That the said

unto subscribed, was referred. Letters were not franked by him’.

And it appearing to the House, That the said Letters were signed b y one Dr. Symfon;

Ordered, That Dr;. Symfon do attend this House motrow Morning. .,

Privilege

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Willimotttook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Willimott reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutionswhich they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tb-morrow Morning.

Fuad, &. c.

Earl of

TheHouse, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee,' to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exemplifying the laA Will of Arthur late Earl of Anglesey, and for making the same Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, House, upon the said Bill.

*7

A Bill for granting to his Majesty Two Millions, out Supply mi; of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1738; km? and for paying to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, One Million, for redeeming an Annuity of Fdrty thousand Popnds, payable to them; was

reak a Second time,

Resolved, That the Bill lie committed, lirfolved, That, the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday '

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

A Petition


11 Geo. II.

19" Apr'tlis.

r5?

Lawsrerpe&-ing tanned Leather,

A Petition of the Company of Cordwainers, living and Ireland, whose Natriei jarri thereunto subscribed,. within the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Wor-1was referred, the Refolntions, which the 'Committee'

cejier, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf had directed him to report to the House; which be read of themselves, and all others of the same Trade or Pro- in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’S fession, was presented to the House, and read; repfe- '*'* " *" " ' '

fen tiny to the House the ill Consequence of impOwering the Curriers to cut and fell Leather in' small Pieces:

And praying Relief.: " '

Ordered, That thesaidPetition db tie Upon the Table.

Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow*, eth; viz! '

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, the Manufactures of Lineps, Threads, wrought lnele, anil Tapes, made in the Kingdoms,of Or eat tain and: Ireland, are, of late Years, greatly improved add increased; whereby‘the Price of all fueli Mapufac-!

Offices and An ingrossed Bill to indemnify Persons who have Euipiojmsnu. omitted to qualify themselves for Offices, or to read the tures of foreign and home Fabrick has been cdufiderably Prayers, and nftrike the Declarations and Subscriptions reduced. .

Loughborough &c. Roads.

required, within the fespective Times limited by Law; and for allowing frirfbor time for those Purposes; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves, for Offices, or to read the Prayers, and make the Declarations and Subscriptions required, within the respective Times limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Dr j Lee do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road from borough, in the County of to the Town of

Derby), in the County of Derby; and from Derby, to the Towns of AJkborne and in the County of

Derby; and from thence to Hurdlue,vat\ie said County; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be mnde to the Bill; viz.

And the same were, upon the Qu eft ion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the further Extension of loch Manufactures will be

attended with several national Advantages. ___

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all proper Support and Encouragement be given towards the further Extension of the said Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the House ^0 agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Manufacturesof Linens, Threads, wrought Incle, arid Tapes, made in the Kingdoms of Great Britain and land,are, of late Years, greatly improved and increased; whereby the Price of all such Manufactures of foreign and home Fabrick has been considerably reduced.

The Second and Third Resolutious, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Quaction severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Manufac-into Consideration the Report from the Committee of fur*jof Iron the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an*

the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Ironmongers, and Manufacturers of Iron, in the Towns of Birmingham Wolverhampton, Stourbridge, and

be. An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of and the Parts adjacent, in the Counties of War-

Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Derby, in the County of Derbyand from the said Town of Derby to the Town of Brajfmgton, in the said

County of Derby; and from the said Town of Derby through the Town of Ashbome, in the said County of Derby, to llurdloc House, in the Parish of ,.

in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir Nathanael Curzon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Relief of The House was moved. That the Fourteenth Section

Prisoners in of an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign

KingsBeneh of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of undrr 43 Eli*. , . , ’

the Poor, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectuaI securing the Payment of certain Sums of Money, directed by an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor, to be paid by the respective Treasurers of every County in England and Wales, for the Relief of the poor Prisoners of the King's Bench and Marfkalfea Prisons: And that Dr. Lee, Mr. Soli-

citor General, Mr. Sandys, and Mr. Hay, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Importation of printed Book*.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for prohibiting the Importation of Books re-printed abroad,

that were originally printed in Great Britain; and for limiting the Prices of Books: And that Mr.

Mr. Wtalpole, Mr. Sandys, and Mr. Henry Fox, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Linen

Maaufa&um,

Mr. Alderman WiUimott, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants of the City of London, and other Dealers in the Manufactures

wick, Stafford, and Worcester; and also the Petition of

sundry Ironmasters, in behalf of themselves, and others concerned in the Making of Iron, in Great Britain; and also the Petition of several Merchants, Ironmasters, and Ironmongers, in the City of Brifol; were referred. And the said Report was read; and is as followeth; viz. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the making of Bar Iron in Great Britain is greatly decreased,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Manufactures from Bar Iron in Great Britain are greatly decreased.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Making and Manufacturing of Bar Iron in the Plantations is one great Canfe of the said Decrease.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Slitting Mills or Steel Furnaces be erected or worked in the Plantations.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Forges, Bloomeries, and other Works, for the Making of Bar Iron in the Plantations, be restrained.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Addition of Hearths or Wheels he made to those Forges, Bloomeries, or other Works, for the making of Bar Iron, already in Use, in the Plantations.

The First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

And several Parts of the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Petitions were referred, being read;

And a Debate anting in the House, upon the said Resolution;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read; ' '?

. . Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- silver

of Linens, Threads, and Tapes, made in Great Britaining, resolve itself into a Committee whole House, Wart*. Voi~ 33. S f upon

i&8

190 — ao° — 24*

A. 1738.

Way* and Means.

Supply.

upon the Bill for the better preventing, frauds and Abutes in Gold and Silver Waves.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hoofe, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con&ler further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue of the Clock.

on the Act Cor laying a Duty upon the Retailers of spirituous Liquors* of felling Brandy, or any other ditlilled spirituous liquors, or strong W aters, in any less Quantity than Two Gallons*, and the Amount of the Money paid upon, such Convictions *, distinguishing how many are within the Bills of Mortality, and how many are without: and also.

An Account of the Money paid by the Commissinn-ers of Excise to Informers against Persons hawking, or exposing to Sale, spirituous Liquors about the Streets. And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Accounts are bound up with the other Par pers of this Session.

lit.!

Jovis, 20° die Aprilis; Mr. Brqffey presented to the House, according to

Anno n* Georgii 11" Regis, 1738. order'" for asceruining, preferring, and improy-

0 ing, the Navigation of the River Lee, from the Town

IP *. ayu s. of te the Townof Ware, in the County of Hert-

Qlne&of fTH HE House being met; the Clerk at the Table and for preserving and improving the said River,

ttus Speaker. J. informed the House, That Mr. Speaker was con- from the said Town of Ware to the City of London; and fined to his Bed by Sickness, and so indisposed as not to for enabling the Governor and Company of the New be able to attend the Service of the House: And had River the better to supply the Cities of London and Wej}~ therefore directed him to acquaint the House, That he minster and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, with good was much concerned that he could not attend their Ser- and wholesome Water: And the same was received j but hoped, and was informed by his Physicians,

Hit er Lm

"Navigation,

fee*

▼ice;

that he should be able to attend the Service of the House in a few Days.

Whereupon it was moved. That the House would adjourn till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

And thereupon the Clerk (to whom those who spoke applied themselves, according to former Practice, in the Absence of the Speaker), by Di rest ion of the House, put the Question for adjourning the House till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

And the House was accordingly adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

and e ad the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of for veiling the Manor of Goldborn, Part of the settled *>evonshire'» Estate of William Duke of Devon/hire, in the County of Lancaster, in the said Duke, and his Heirs; and for settling the Manor of Blackmail, in the County of Derby, in lieu thereof to the like Uses; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Plumer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

si?

liCoa

'km

Lun&y 2 40 d Aprilis;

Anno 11* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1738.

Pa a y

EES.

A Petition of the Clothiers, of the Borough of Heytesbury, in the County of Wilts, and Places adjacent, . on behalf of themselves, and many Thousands more employed in the Woollen Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read j complaining of the pernicious Practice

Clandestiw Exportation of Wool.

Sir Bryan

Marriage

Articles.

ivan A N ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act of running Wool and Woollen Yarn from Great Britain Broughton’s J\ to enable Sir Bnjan Broughton Baronet, an Infant, and Ireland into foreign Parts; And praying the House to enter into Marriage Articles, notwithstanding his to provide such Remedy as to the House shall seem meet. Infancy, was read the Third time. That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That this Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Brereton do carry the Bill to the Mr. Winmngton presented to the House, according to Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed Order, a Bill for preventing the Importation of Books

M.Uon

Urn1

to the fame, without any Amendment.

re-printed abroad, that were originally printed in Great Britain; and for limiting the Prices of Books: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

ImportatioA of printed Books.

An ingrossfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Guardian of and Catherine

Excise on The House being informed, that Mr. Needier, Ac-Spirits, U.comptant General of the Excise, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

The Amount of the Duties arising from Home-made _

Spirits, from Midsummer 1735 to Christmas 1737; dii- Symes, Infants, to join in making Leases of Lands, in the tinguishing each Year: And also. Counties of Somerset and Devon, with the other Owners

An Account of what Excise has been paid for foreign thereof, during the Minority of the said Infants, was Spirits and Brandies imported, from Midsummer 1735 to read the First time.

Chrjlmas 1737; distinguishing each Year: And also, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An Account of the Quantity of Spirits drawn from Corn in Great Britain, exported; and an Account of An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act the Bounty or Drawback allowed or paid for the fame; to enable Thomas May Esquire, and his Sons, and the from the 24th of June 1735 to the 25 th of December Heirs Male of their Bodies, to take and ufethe Surname 1737; distinguishing each Year: And also, of Knight, pursuant to the W ill of Elizabeth Knight, de-

An Account of what Numbers of Licences were taken cea was read a Second time,

out, for felling or retailing Brandy, or other spirituous Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Liquors, or strong Waters, under Two Gallons, from ft°n, Mr. Knight, Mr. Ashe, Colonel Mordaunt, Mr. Cor-

Michaelmas 173 6to Christmas 1737; distinguishing each belt, Lord Gage, Sir Mr

Year; and bow many were within 1 he Bills of Mortality, Mr. Richard Earle, Mr. Archer,

and how many were without: And also, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Plumer, M

Ad Account of the Number of Persons con rifted up- Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Yorke, Mr. , Mr. Watkin H Wynne,

Nh;

ISIS;

Symes*

Estate.

May'*

Name.

11 Geo. II.

24

is.

*59

Wynne, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Parsons, Colonel Sluart Mr. The Serjeant at Arms attending this House being Privilege.

Herbert, Mr . Hom e, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Shippen, Mr, called upon, to give an Account of w hat had been done

Foley, Mr. Hungerford, Sir James Grant, Mr . Proby,in relation to the Service of the Order made upon Wed*

Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Gore, Mr. Gulflon, Sir Edmund Ba- nefd for the Attendance of Dr. upon this

con, Sir Rogei' Braidjhaigh, Mr. Campbell, Sir Francis House upon Morning lad, acquainted the

Child,<sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Compton, Mr. Pigott, House, That the said Order had been delivered to One Mr. Hay, Mr. Braffey, Mr , Frankland, Mr. Cojler, Mr. of the Messengers.

More, Mr. Bold, Mr. Hales, Mr Harley, Mr. Kinajton, And the said Messenger being called in, acquainted

Mr. Price, Mr. PapiUon, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Pelham, the House, That he, having enquired for the said Dr.

Sir Chr.Powell, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Watts-, and all the Symfon, at his Lodgings, was informed by the Mill refs Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, of the House, to whom he delivered the said Order,

Suffer, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, That the said Dr. Symfon was gone out of Town.

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mamifacture Ordered, That the Debate upon the Second Resolution

ofiron in the of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was Plantation*, referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Ironmongers and Manufacturers of Iron in the Town of Birmingham, Wolverhampton, Stourbridge, and Dudley, and the Parts adjacent, in the Counties of Wartvick, Stafford, and ter\ and also the Petition of sundry Ironmasters, in behalf of themselves, and others concerned in the Making of Iron in Great Britain; and also the Petition of several Merchants, Ironmasters, and Ironmongers, in the City of Bristol , were referred; which was adjourned till Thursday Morning last, be resumed upon Wednesday , Morning next.

Leather*

Removing liabilities of conform-

ing

&c.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Dr. Symfon do attend this House upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Law*respea-whom the Petition of the Curriers, and others Dealers in inK tanned Leather, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and many others; and also the Petition of the Cord wainers, living in and near the City of London, whoseNames are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Manufacturers of Leather in this Kingdom; and also the Petition of several Shoemakers in and about the Cities of London and -

fier, and Liberties thereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and many others; and also the several Petitions presented to the House from the Cordwainers in the several Towns of Warwick, Cambridge, Shrewsbury, and Birmingham, and from the Wardens, and Keepers, and Commonalty, of the wor-Ihipfdl Company of Sadlers of London-, were referred; be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply Bill; next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Sinking upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty Two Millions ond» *e* out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1738; and for payingto the Governor and Company of the Bank of England One Million, for redeeming an

High Price Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-of Coals, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Glass-makers, Brewers, Distillers, Sugar-bakers, Soap-boilers, Smiths, Dyers, and other considerable Consumers of Coals, in behalf of themselves, and the Inhabitants in and about the Cities of London and Westminster.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in

George the First, intituled, An Act for explaining an Act, passed in the laftSeftion of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names and real Estates; and for enlarging the Time for such Registering; and for securingPurchafes made by Protestants-, and forsecuring the Estates of Papists, who are or shall become Protestantsj against the Disabilities created by several of Parliament relating to Papists.

Way* and Mea

ea ns.

St. Leonard, Shoreditch, Church.

Resolved, That this House will proceed, upon Thursday Morning next, in the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex.

Fraud* >» Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Gold and Sii- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon yer Wares.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Sir Christopher Powell reported from the Committee, Northfleetto to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers " -

framed in and by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of er late Majesty Queen Anne, for enlarging, amending, and maintaining, the Road between Northflcet, Gravesend, and Rochester, in the County of Kent, and also another Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty

Supply.

Committers.

Dartiord

Road*.,

Privilege.

the Bill for the better preventing Frauds and Abuses in King George the First, for enlarging the Term granted Gold and Silver Wares. by the said former Act; and for other Purposes therein

. , _ , mentioned; and for explaining and amending the said

The House being informed, that Robert Totty, who Acts; and also for repairing the Highways from North-was ordered to attend thisHouseupon Thursday Morn - jfcet aforefajj to Dartford, in the said County; was

ing last, attended at the Door}

He was called in;

And the Letter, Ggned by him, and franked with the Name of a Member of this House, alleged in the Lid (which, upon Wednesday the Day of this instant April, was presented to the House) to be counterfeited, being shewn to him, he said, That he received the Frank from a Person, but whose Surname and Place of Abode he did not know.

And then he was directed to

And the House being inforhed. That the said Robert Totty bore a good Character;

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true* and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Const-deration Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill lor pun such Persons as (ban do Injuries Piwntion , ... , - and Violences to the Persons or Properties of his Ma-

Ordered, That the said Robert totty he discharged jesty’s Subjects, with Intent to hinder the Exportation tended for from any further Attendance upon thisHouse, of Com, was read a Second time. fsporutin.

Vos.. 23. Resolved, \

i6o

a 4* Apr.

4. 17^$.

Resolved, That the BVU be coxs^rnttted to Mr. Pollen, Ordered, That the Card omimttedFviftmeT,

Mr Hooper, Mr. Crqffe, Mr. Digby, Mr. Hay, Mr. by this House, to his Majesty’s Prison of Plumptrc, Sir Charles Vernon, Mr. Yorke, Sir TFm. Cod- Monday \aft, he brought to the Bar of this \\0ufeT0-

rington, Mr. Archer, Mr. Hen. Archer, Mr. Gore, Mr. morrow Morning, in order to his being d\scharged out iCew/, Mr. Co^er, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Wilkinson. Sir Francis of Custody-. And that Mr. Speaker do issue hisWarrants Child, Sir Geo. Wynne, Sir Wm.Heathcote, Mr. Ord, Mr. accordingly.

Longueville, Mr. Bramjltm,\jon\ Polioarth, Mr. Sandys

Mr. Gyhbon, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Mr.

Ozoen, Mr. Liddell, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Watts, Mr. Earle, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Mr. Hticks.

Lord Grey, Sir James Loicther, Mr. Rozvney, Mr. Hales,

Mr. Bold, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Onslow, Sir John Rush-out, Mr. Pigott, Mx.Watkin IVms. Wynne, Mr Sir Robert Grosvenor; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Rive of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Custody.

Petition from Person in Custody.

A Petition of George Edwin was presented to the Petitions from House, and read; prayui^TUat (lie having acknowledged *P*tCou\u his Offence, and being intirely ignorant of the ill Consequence of it, and being heartily sorry for the fame) this House will, in regard to his Ignorance, pardon his Offence (the Petitioner promising never to incur their D\f-pleasure any more) , and will be pleased to discharge him from his Confinement.

Ordered, That the said George Edwin* committedPri-foner,by this House, to his Majesty’s Prison of Newgate, upon Thursday the 13th Day of this iqstant April* be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged out of Custody: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

A Petition of Francis Paynter, now in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was presented to the House, and read; expressing his Sorrow for his Offence, in having set the Names of several Members of this House upon several Letters, in order to prevent A Petition of the Masters of Ships, using the Coal HighPnce their being charged with the Duty of Postage , and ask- Trade, in behalf of themselves, and many others, Masters s'- CoaU. ing Pardon of the House, and the said Members, for the of Ships, concerned in the same Trade, was presented to fame; and acknowledging the Lenity of the House, in the House, and read; reprefeuting to the House, That not inflicting a more rigorous Punishment, which the the Petitioners have not entered into any Combinations Petitioner is very fenlible his Offence did deserve; and to keep, nor have kept. Turn in the Delivering of their assuring the House, That it shall be a Warning to the Ships; nor are any way chargeable with the Suggestions Petitioner against the Commission of the like Offence: in the Petition presented to this House by the Glass-

And, in regard the Petitioner’s Father is an Attorney, and concerned in several Affairs of Consequence, in which the Petitioner’s Assistance is absolutely necessary, and which, by the Petitioner’s Confinement, will greatly be retarded, and such a Confinement, if longer continued, will be necessarily attended with an Expence much greater than the Petitioner will be able to discharge, therefore praying, That the House will please to give Leave, That he may be discharged out of Custody. Ordered, That the said Francis Paynter be brought

makers. Brewers, Distillers, Sugar-bakers, Soap-b >ders.

to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged out of Custody.

A Petition of Philip Wynellnow in Custody of the

Smiths, Dyers, and other considerahleConfu.nt-rs of Coals, which is referred to a Committee of the whole House; and therefore, the said Petitioners, as theft.- Petit toners conceive, laying a Charge against them, without’any just Reason; praying this House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that they may be heard by tftemselves, or Counsel, against the Allegations of the said petition.

That this Petition be referred to th; Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Glass-makers, Brewers, Distillers, Sugar-bakers, Soap-boilers, Smiths, Dyers, and other con-Adorable Consumqrs of Coals, in behalf of themselves,

Ditto. A Petition of Philip Wynell, now in Custody of the and the Inhabitants in and about the Cities of London Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was presented and is referred: And that the Petitioners,

to the House, and read; expressing his Sorrow for his if they think fit, be heard, by their Counsel, before the Offence, in having counterfeited the Hand-writing of said Committee, upon their Petition, the Name of a Member of this House on a Letter, in , That it be an Instruction to the said Corn-

Order to prevent its being charged with . Duty on mitt.ee, That they do admit the Petitioners, the Con-Postage; and a {king Pardon of the House, and the said Turners of Coals, to be heard, if they think fit, by their Member, for the fame; and acknowledging the Lenity of Counsel, at the same time, in support of the Allegations the House, in not inflicting a more rigorous Punishment, of their Petition, which he is very sensible his Offence did deserve; and

assuring the House, That it shall be both a Warning and The Order of the Day being read;

Discouragement to the Petitioner against the Commission The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Duty on

of the like Offence; and setting forth, That, as the Pe- whole House, upon the Bill for enforcing the Execution Retailers *f titioner is Clerk to an Attorney, his Master will suffer of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his present Ma- lEST* great Injury, and be put to great Inconveniencies, with jesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon regard to the Business of his Clients, especially as it is the Retailers of spirituous Liquors; and for licensing the now Term Time; and that the Petitioner will be unable Retailers thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee,


to pay the Expence that will necessarily arise from a longer Confinement: And therefore praying Leave, That he may be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said Philip Wynell be brought to

Ditto.

the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to That they had gone through the Bill, and made several his being discharged out of Custody. Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to

report, when the House will please to receive the same.

A Petition of John Jones was presented to the House, Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednes-and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, being very day Morning next. sensible of the Justice of the House, and having acknow-

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Bennet and Mr. Elde:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a J Bill, intituled, An Act for Lord which, by his clofeConfinement, may, in ihort time, explaining and amending*a certain Trust and Power con- Molyneu*’»

endanger his Life: And therefore praying the House tained in the Settlement made on the Marriage of will be pleased to discharge him from his Confinement, Lord ViscountMolyneux, of the Kingdom with 0

Mary

ledged his Crime at the Bar of this House, hopes, that the House will pardon him; he promising for the future never to incur their Displeasure;and that he is frequently

afflicted with the Gout, and other internal Infirmities,

11 Geo. II.

24* — 250 Aprilis.

161

Binbrooke

Inclosure.

Lord

Molyneux’i

Daughters’

Portions.

MaryL&dy Molyneux his now Wife, for railing Portions Rate nowpayable upon thelmportation of Smi/rwaRaifins,

1 ' should pass into a Law, it will prevent their having such

Back Freight, and thereby raise the Price of their Fish; in conf quence of which, the , who are now our

Rivals in that Trade, must become foie Mailers thereof, to the Injury of the Petitioners, and of the British and American Fisheries,whichare aconftantSourceofWealth to these Kingdoms, and are the chief Nttrferv for our Seamen: And therefore praying the 'House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that they mat be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill.

That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

for the Daughters of the said Marriage; and for the better ascertaining, and more effectually securing, the said Portions: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled An Act for . inclosing and dividing the common Fields and common Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Binbrooke', in the County of Lincoln :To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill.from the Lords, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending a certain Trust and Power’ contained in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Richard Lord Viscount Mol, of the Kingdom of Ireland, with Mary Lady h s now Wife, for

raising Portions for the Daughters of the said Marriage; and for the better ascertaining, and more effectually securing, the said Portions; was read the Firtl time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2 50 die Aprilis; Anno xi* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1738. Prayers.

Persons reprimanded and Discharged.

Doty on Smyrna Raidas.

TOR A N CIS Paynter, Philip Wynell, John Jones, and George Edwin, were, according to Order, brought to the Bar, where they, upon their Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and were ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying their Fees*

A Complaint being made to the House, That Ileniy Privilege, a Sheriff’s Officer, hath arrested John Hazel-deny a menial Servant to Peter Burrell Esquire, a Member of this House, at the Suit of William Bishop, by the Direction ol George Alehin, Attorney for the Plaintiff;

Ordered, That it he referred to the Committee of Priv leges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint: and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Ambrose d*iUo-Huinphrys hath forcibly entered upon, and madea Lease of Part of the Estate of George Bridges ElVjuire, a Member of this House, in Keymfham, in the County of

Somerset;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with iheirOpinioa thereupon, to the House.

;*v :J

A Petition of the Merchants of the City of Bristol, trading to Spain and Italy, whose Names are thereunto subscriht d, on behalf of themselves, and several others " concerned in the said Trades, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That a very great and beneficial Trade hath been long carried on to Spain and Italy from these Kingdoms,in Woollen Goods and Fish, and from our American Colonies, in Fish; whereby many hundred Ships have been annually employed, to the great Increase of Seamen; and, by meansofbeingloaded home withRaifins from Denidy Bdvidera, and Lipari, which they take in Barter for the said Goods, have been enabled to deliver their Cargoes of Filli in Spain and Italy cheaper than if they had been obliged to come homeinvBallaft: And that, in case the Bill, now depending before this House, for reducing the Rate now payable upon the Importation of Smyrna Raisins, should pass into a Law, the Petitioners, with the other Out Ports, must, in all Probability, be deprived of this beneficial Branch of Trade, and depend on their being supplied with Smyrna Railinsby the Levant Company: And therefore praying this House totakethe Premises into Consideration; and that they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petit ion do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time#

r

M

It


Ditto. A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses and principal Merchants, of the Town and County of Poole, concerned in the Trade to Spainand Italy, whose Names are thereunto subscribed>in behalf of themselves, and several others, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners fend several Ships yearly to Newfoundland, some in Ballad, and others with Provisions, to take in Cargoes of Fish, which they afterwards carry to Spain and Italy; and, by having a Freight homeof Denia, Belvidera, or Lipari Raisins, they have been enabled to fell such Cargoes of Fish cheaper at the Spanish and Italian Markets, than if they had been obliged to return in Ballast: And that, as 1 he Petitioners apprehend, if the Bill, now depending before this House, for reducing the Vyu 23.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted in and by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for enlarging, amending, and maintaining, the Road between Northfleet, Gravesend, and Rochester, in the Coumy of Kent; and also ano’her Ad, made in the Eleventh Year of hi<late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term granted by the said former Ad; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for explaining and amending the said Acts; and also for repairing the Highways from Northfleet aforesaid, to Dartford, in the said County; was committed; be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill to impower the Trustees therein named, to compound by the Year, or otherwise, with Persons, employing or using Coaches called Tide Coaches, for conveying Passengers to and from Gravesend, Chatham, and Rochester:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Qtief* tion put thereupon, agreed to by the House. to be made Part of the Bill.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Northfleet to Dartford Roads.

Mr, Alderman Willimofl reported from the Commix- Relief of tee to whom the Bill for collecting, at the Port of Genoa, Shipwrecked in Italy, certain small Sums of Money, for Relief of Ma* Ma,n<:r*al riners lliip wrecked and taken in War, and other ditlrefled Vieu0,‘* Persons his Majesty’s Subjects; and for other pious and charitable Uses; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto -, which they haddirefted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in

T t . -J his

5° Apr ills.

A. 1738.

162

his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Orde, That an Account be laid before this House, Arrays at Amend ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the Amend- of the Produce and Disbursements of the Assay Office of Goldfinith* ments were once read throughout; and then a Second the Goldtmiths Company, including the Money received a ' time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put for making Affays, from the Year 173a to the Year 1737

thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

inclusive; distinguishing each Year.

Shoreditch to Stanford tlili Roads.

Mr. Alderman Perry reported from the Committeeto whom the Bill for repairing the Road from the Stones End, in the Parish of St.Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middkfix,through the TownofHackney to in the great Northern Road, in the said County, was com-

Smyrna

Raisins

imported.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining and amending an Application Act of the Eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, Der-intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and £j^"atet Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Dencentzoater, and Charles was read the Third time.

Refo That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, mined", That the Committee had examined the Allega- An Act for explaining and amending an Act of the tionsef the Bill, and fonnd the same to be true; and Eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl him to report to the House; and he read the Report in of Derweniwater, and Charles Radcliffe.

his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the OrdThat Sir Turner do carry the Bill Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Amendments were once read throughout; and then a

Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feve- An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act passed, rally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty and the rest were, with Amendments to some of them. King Gintituled, An Act for employing the Manufacturers, and encouraging the Consumption, of raw made by the House Silk and Mohair Yarn, by prohibiting the Wealing of Buttons and Button-holes made of Cloth, Serge, or other Amendments, be Stuffs, and making the same more effectual, was read the Third time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

;isi*

o(C»

Chun

Jarrj

Prohibition of Stuff Buttons, Uc.

I*

\h

agreed to, by the House.

And several Amendments were to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Imports of Raisins from Smyrna, and the Duties paid

thereupon, for the Years 1725, 1726, 1727,1728, 1732, Tellers for the Yeas { Mr> Leveson Gower, 1733, and 1734. XI- -

Duty on

Smyrna

Raiiius.

'IMr. Vernon

mien for the Noes,{ 'frd Baltimore

I Mr. Henry Archer: So it passed in the Negative.

} »7-

111.

A Petition of same Billingsley was prefenled to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner

is

Petition. fr in a f’t.Tl'on in

very sensible of the Justice of this House, and is heartily (, rl°"11 sorry that he has incurred their which the u 0

Deppi ng Kens Drainage.

A Petition of the Merchants of the Town of Liver-

poole, trading to Spain and Italy, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and several others, concerned in the said Trades, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That a very great and beneficial Trade hath been long carried on to Spain and

Italy from these Kingdoms, in Woollen Goods and Fish,

and from our American Colonies, in Fish; whereby many Petitioner prays Leave to assure the House, he never Hundred Shipshave been annually employed, to the great intended: And therefore praying the House will be Increase of Seamen; and, by means of being loaded home pleased, in consideration of his great Age, in regard of with Raisins from Denia, Belvidera, and Lipari,have his great Family, and of his present Want of Health, in beenenabled to deliver their Cargoesoffish in Spain and a close and noisome Air, That the House will be pleased Italy cheaper than if they had been obliged to come to pardon his Offence, and order him to be released front home in Ballast: And that, in case the Bill, now depend- his present Confinement.

ing before this House, for reducing the Rate now payable Ordered, That the said same Billingsley, committed Pri-upon the Importation of Smyrna Raisins, thou Id pass into foner by this House to his A Prison of Xeugate,

a Law, it will enhance the Price of our Fish at those upon Thursday the 13 th Day of be

Markets, and be thereby a means of giving that Branch brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, of Trade to the French, who, for Come Years pall, have in order to his being discharged out of Custody: And been our Competitors therein; and greatly leffenthe Na- that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly. . vigation of this Kingdom: And therefore praying the

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Air. Allen

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have Bill, intituled, An Act

for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to Land Tax. ’ be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1738, without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

yi

1.

Drill

fcn10't

itibuii

iwmr

rn'»

f'ltv

illuJlli

IVU VI Hilo *.1*15

House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that they may be heard by themselves, or against

the. said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Glanville, Mr. C<efar, Sir Geo.

Champion, Mr. Stephcnfon, Mr. lVigley, Mr. Heron, Sir

Robert Munro, Sir John Heathcole, Kir. White, Brigadier for repairing the Roads from the Town of Loughborough, Cope, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Mr. Alderman Ileathcote, Sir in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Derby, in the

Charles Gilmour, Mr. Erskine, and Mr. Alexander Ha- County of Derby, and from said Town of to

mil/on,be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to the Town in the said County of

enable the Adventurers, Owners, and Proprietors, of the and from the said Town of , through the Town

taxable Lauds, and the Owners and Proprietors of the of Ashborne, in the said County of Derby, to Hurd be free Lands, in Deeping Fens, and other Fens, intheCoun- House, in the Parish of Hartington, in the said County, iy of Lincoln, therein mentioned, to raisea competent without any Amendment. And also,

Sum of Money, for the effectual Draining, and future Act

Preservation, of all the said Fens, according to their to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act Agreement in that behalf; and to carry the said Agree- of Parliament, made and palfed in the Third Year went into execution; is committed. of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, in-2 j tituled.

It]’?

hh

I//.

tWt

Loughborough,

&c. Ro

Rotherhitb

Church.

n Geo. II.

2 50 — -$6°

I63

tituled, An Artfo enable the Parishionei^s of the Parirfi to be true; npd tha^ the Parties concerned had given of St. Mary, Rotherhith, in tlieCounty of Surrey, by cer-’ their’Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction o.f t!ie Com-

MarlVi all’s Foundation of Ciirift Church Surry.

tain Funeral Rates therein mentioned, to finish the said Parish Church; and to enable the said Parishioners to raise such further Sums of Money as shall be ijeceffaiy for purchasinga convenient Piece of Ground, for an additional Burial Ground; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment. Andalfo,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to impower the present Trustees, under the lad Will and Testament of John MarshallGentleman, deceased, to lay out a certain Sum of Money, now in their Hands, for pulling down and rebuilding the Parish Church^f Christ Church, in the County of Surrey; and for inclosing a Piece of Ground, lately purchased, for an additional Church-yard to the said Church; without of in the County of and Irom the Turn

mittee; and that the Committee had directed b'm to report the Bill to tho House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the , Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

1

Ordered, That Air. Vere, Sir Wm Sir John

Heathcote, and Mr. Ashlex), be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for explaining, amending' and making more effectual, and enlarging the Terms in several A,rts of Parliament, made in the Fourth and Sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King the First, re-

spe^tively, for repairing and amending the several Roads therein mentioned; and for repairing and amending the Road from the Lime Kiln near to the Town

East Greenwich Roads

Manufacture of narrow Cloth.

Liverppole Dock and Streets.

Redmore

Fen

Drainage.

Removing Douglas’ Disability by Attainder.

any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Manufacture of narrow Woollen Cloths in the Weil Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Time granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of hislate Majesty King intituled, An Act for enlarging the Time granted by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for making a convenient Doc k or Bason at Liverpoolc, for the Security of all Ships trading to and from the said Port of Liverpoole; and for enlarging the fame, by making an additional Dock, and building a Pier in the open Harbour there; and for enlightening the said Dock; without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the effectual Draining and Preservation of certain Fens, called Cawdlc Fen, W and Redmore, and One Piece of Fen Ground, called the Holts, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Art

pike in the Parish of St.George ,in the County of Surly, cross the Road through BermoParish, to London Bridge; is committed. ' ,

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for reducing the Rate now payable upon the Importation of Smyrna Raisins, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Duty on Smyrna Railiui.

Removing Nairn’s Disability by Attainder.

Relief of Prisoners in

r.i

ad -

to enable William Douglasyeldelt lawful Son to Sir Robert Douglasol GlenbervieBaronet, to sue, or main-

tain any Atiion or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his laid Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may have defeended or come to him lince his late Majesty’s most gracious Pardon, dated the Sixth Day of February, in the Sixth Year of his Ileign, or that

shall hereafter defeend or come to him: without any Amendment. And also.

The L>>rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Nairne to sue, or maintain auy Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him: without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Dr. Lee presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more eflertyal feeuring the Payment of

Refnlved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Frau* in ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Gold and House, upon the Bill for the better preventing Frauds ^.lver and Abides in Gold and Silver Wares. ar*‘ v

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 26° die Anno n* Georgii IF1 Regis, 1738.

Prayers.

/"*.ASE Billingsley was, according to Order, brought APerson

V 1° *he Bar; where he, upon his Knees, received a reprimanded Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was ordered to be a,ul <)l1* discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

charged.

Binbrooke

inclosuie.

Bernard’*, &c. Nat.

under 43

Eli*.

K^Beaeb certain S ims of Money, directed by an Act, made in the nn Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor, to be paid by the respective Treasurers of every County in England and Wales, lor the Relief of the poor Prisoners of the King's Bench and Marshalsea Prisons: And the same was received and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing the common Fields and common Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Binbrooke, in the County of Lincoln, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to naturalize Herman Bernard and John Bofquain, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second t ime.

A Bill for prohibiting the Importation of Books re- importation printed abroad, that were originally printed in Great ot reprinted Britain; and for limiting the Prices of Books; was Books, read a Second time.

Bejbtved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to aCommittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, refol ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Cd ’s

Estate,

Rc*-‘

C'>

Mr. Lockwood reported from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A 1 for confirming the Sale of the Leasehold Estate late of Bar-natty Coles Gentleman, deceased; and for veiling his Freehold Estates in Tru ees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts; was committed; That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame

Vql. 23.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming the Sale of the Leasehold Estate late of Barnaby Coles Gentleman, deceased; and for veiling his Freehold Estates in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pase.

Ordered, Tlrat Mr. Lockivoqd do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint then), That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Cholmondeley reported from the Committee to whom the Bill lor regulating the Cheese Trade in the

several

Coles’

Estate.

Restating the Cheeie Trade.

G.

164

26° Jprilis.

.1738.

several Counties of England and Wales, was committed, of the Year , and that the Petitioners are well informed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of thatthe extraordinary Price of Coals is owing to Com-the Bill, and found the same to be true , and had gone binations entered into for that Purpose; and that, unless through the Bill , and made several Amendments there- proper Remedies be taken by Parliament, to put an unto which they had directed him to report to the effectual Stop to any Combination for the future, the House , and he read the Report in his Place , and after- Price of Coals will necessarily be enhanced; to the great wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at Prejudice of the Petitioners, and many other Inhabitants the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once of this Borough, the Oppression of the Poor, and the Loss read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one-, of the publick Revenue: And therefore praying the and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, House to take the Premises into their Consideration, withAmendmentstoOneofthem, agreed to by the House. and give the Petitioners such Relief, as to the House A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, declar- shall seem meet, ing the same to be a Public Act: , That the said Petition be referred to the

And the said Clause was twice read; and agreed to Consideration of the Committee of the whole House to by the House to be made Part of the Bill. whom it is referred to consider of the Petitioif3 of the

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Glass-makers. Brewers, Distillers, Sugar-bakers, Soap- Bill. boilers, Smiths, Dyers, and otherconsiderableConfumers

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, of Coals, in behalf of themselves, and the Inhabitants in

That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed; The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Teas, \

’(Mr. Brereton:

Tellers for the Noes,:

So it passed in the Negative.

1

11.

120.

Earl of AHRlefry’s

Witt.

A Petition of William Morice Esquire, Guardian of Confiantine Phipps Esquire, an Infant, was presented to the House, and read; fetiing forth. That ... Petitioner is informed, there is a Bill, from the Lords, now depending in tfiis House, intitul'd. An \6l for exemplifying

the lad Will of Arthur late Earl of An; and for

making the same Evidence in all Courts of Law and

Fqu tv in Great Britain and Ireland: And that the said

CunjlantinePhipps is the Heir at Law of the said Earl

Arthur, being the Son and Heir of Lady Catherine Ph ipps.

who was only Daughter and Heir of James late Earl of

Anglefexj, Brother to the said Earl Arthur: And that, if

the said Will should be established against him the said

Confiantine Phipps, he will be thereby defeated of his

Inheritance of the real Estates of which the said Earl

Arthur died seised in Fee-simple, which would otherwise

descend to the said Confiantine Phipps, and his Heirs: jin

*k____u wu____1_______1----- JCIv* u " _ , CrtU-

and about the Cities of London and Westminster.

Sir Charles Turner,according to Order, reported from Duty on

the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Retailers of for enforcing the Execution of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of i'pirituous Liquors; and for licensing the Retailers thereof; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House: And lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cleik’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Floufe, to contider further of the Supply granted to his Ma-

And that, though Witnesses have been examined in the High Court of Chancery, to prove the said Will as against the said Confiantine Phipps: yet no Decree hatli been yet pronounced to establish »he fame; nor has any cross Kxami nation been had on the Part of the said Confiantine Phipps-, and the Proofs so taken, as the Petitioner

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Lid of the Widows of such reduced Officers of hi Majesty’s Land and,

who died upon the Establishnient of Half Pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge

is advised, are not conclusive upon him; but he is still at thereof for the Year j 738, be referred to the said Corn-Liberty, as the Law now (lands, to litigate the fame;

and will be entitled, as the Petitioner is informed, to have an Issue at Law directed, to try the Validity and due Execution of the said Will: And that, if this Bill should pass into a Law, the due Execution of the said which has not, as yet, received the Sanction of any Court of Law or Equity, will be establiftjed by Act of Parliament; and the Petitioner's said Ward will be for ever precluded from exercising the Right he now has, by Law, to cal! the same in Question: Apd therefore, and for that the said Bill tends to the Di/herifon of the Petitioner’s said Ward, an Infant, incapable of knowing or defending his Interest, expressing the Petitioner’s Hope, that this House will take the same into its and that the said Bill shall not pass into a Law; or that the said Confiantine Phipps shall have such other Relief, as to the House ( hall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third time.

fligh Price

nig

of

Coals.

A Petition of the Inhabitant's of the Borough of Southwark was presented to the House, and read; letting' forth. That the Petitioners, who are large Con have, for (ome time pad, been greatly affected, by the very high Price thereof} and that the same are hill sold at a much higher Rate than Coals have been usually sold at, for many Years pad, at the same Time and Season

Ordered, That the EBablilhm of the Royal African

Company of England, for their several Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, with the Charges thereof, for the Year 1737; distinguishing how much of the same is on Account of Trade, and how much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Settlements; and also an Account how the Money, granted in the last Session of Parliament, towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, hath been disposed of; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the E (limateof the Charges of the Royal African Company of England, for the Maintenance of the several British Forts and Settlements belonging to the said Company, on the Coast of Africa, for the Year 1738, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, entitled to receive Half Pay in Great Britain, with an Edimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir

ISGE6.II. 2<S'~~3

Sir Charles, Ttirntr reported firoift the Committee, That they bad coirte to several Rfcfpluticms; which they had directed him to report, when ttfe Hpufe wifi pieafe to receive the tame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Towwqrrot* Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Manofacture; Ordered, That the Debate upon the Second Refolufeiot) the Planta Committee of the whole House, to whom it was P referred to consider of the Repdrt from the Committee, to whqm the Petition of the Ironmongers, and Manufacturers of Iron, if* the Towns of Birmingham, Wolverhampton, Stourbridge, and Dudley, and the Parts adjacent, in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and

cefier; and also the Petition of sundry Ironmasters, in behalf of themselves, and others, concerned in the Making of Iron in Great; and also the Petition of several Merchants, Ironmasters, and lranmohger9, in the City of Bristol; were referred; which was adjourned till Tliurfday Morning lad, and ordered to be resumed this Day, be further adjourned till Friday Morning next.

fart of Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A €tfor exemplifying the last Will of Arthur late Earl of Anglefiy, and for making the same Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, be read the Third time To morrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ways ' Resolved', That this House will, upon Friday Montand Means, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Way&and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

. V. '’V \

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.1

" " ~: -:; ">' "-i

yovts, «7°'die -

Anno 11* Georgii IF1* Regis, 1738. '

Prayers. /’ ’:-

fast O IR Christopher Powell reported from the Committee, Greenwich d/ to iyhom the Bill for explaining, amending,' and: m;iking ‘ more effCtual, and enlarging the Terms in several Arts of Parliament, made in the Fourth and Sixth! Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, respectively, for repairing and amending the feve-fal Roads therein mentioned; and for repairing and amending the Road from the Lime Kiln near to the Town of Dartford,in the County and

from the Turnpike in the Parilih of St. George, -in the County of Surry,cross the Road XhroughBefmondsey Ifyidi lo'Fyhtfon Bridge; ,‘tyds committed j/That; Jhe

Coa^mittpehad examined ihdAlIqgptions of the Bill, and found the fafneto be true; and that" the Coiyfo^tfee pad gone through fife Bill, and m&d£f!fev:eral Amendments thereunto; which they had diressed him to report to he House; and lie read the Report so his Place; and *'* " tifterWards delivered the Bill, fyitli the Amendments, in

' 1 - " at the Clerk’s'IableWhere (he Ahiendinents^vereonce

read throughout; and several of the said Amendments, as far as the Amendment Folio 19, Line 6. being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to some of them, UgrCed to by the House.

The Amendments, Fo. 19. L. 16. made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second tjrne;-And the Question being put, That the House dp agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided. .,1 ,

The Yeas went forth.

... , .. ' (Sir 7

Teller

VOL. 23.

7* Jprdis, 1^5

.Ten}*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read aSecond time, were, t upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House. t Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, !^ ingrossed. .,

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from. Supply, the Committee of the1 whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered" in at tlfe Clerk’s Table 1 Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Revived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-one thousand Nino hundred Fifty-nine Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1738.'

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Nine hundred and Ninety Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's I.and Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establiftipient of Half Pay in Great tain, and who were married to them before the 25th Day of December 1716, for the Year 1738.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding\Ten thousand Pounds, bq granted to his Majesty, to be applied towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements belonging to the Royal African Company of England, on the Coast of Africa.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Secom^ time, were, upon the (Question fevertJiy put thereupon^ agreed to by the House.

A Petition of Maurice Lord H was present- j.arl of ed to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Pe- Angbfey’* titioner is Grandson to Arthur, first Earl of Avglefey, by Will, his’ Mother Lady Frances, who was one of the Daughters of the said Arthur Earl of; and claims

under her, as one of the Coheirs, after ndw Heir al Law, the present Earl pq

Charles Annejley Esquir e, fansIffue; and is also entitled1, in Right of his Wife;'who is the only surviving Sifter of tile present ‘Ear! of Avglefey, to a Dividend of the AngleJey FRate; and therefore expressing the -Petitioner's Hope, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords^ now depending in this House, intituled, An Act for exemplifying the last Will of Arthur late Earl of Avglefey, and for making the same Evidence in all Courts Of Law andtEquity in Great Britaiit and will not pass

iritera Law; or otherwise that the Petitioner may be relieved therein, as to the House ft all fee m meet.

- Ordered, That" the said Petition do lie upon the.

Table, Until the said Bill be read a Third time. 1'

The Yard J3iH according to Order, read .'the

Thw4.t>{pe- . .! ,

An ingrossed Clause was offered; t,o be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, That if.. any Action brought ip Great Britain, within a Time to be.limited, it shall be adjudged that the last Will of the said fete Earl of Angles fey was not duly executed by him, that then the Exemplification of the said Will, Proceedings, and Depoli* tions, shall not be admitted as Evidence, in any Court of Law or Equity jn Ireland. .1

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks j which tvpre filled up :.. '

Then the said Clause, being read the Third time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by bt House, to be made Part of the Bill.

{J uAnothaf

166 27° — a8° Aprilis. 173 8

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, That nothing in the Bill should extend to the EccIefiaftiCal Courts in Ireland.

' And the saidClause being thrice read, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And an Amendment was proposed to be made to the Title of the Bill, by leaving out the Words " Great Bri- lain and."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Motion was made, And -the Question being That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for C Mr. Baptist, Leveson Gmver,

the Yeas, I Mr. Thomas Gore:

Tellers fors Mr. Cornwallis, the Noes, I Mr. Thompson of For A-;

So it passed in the Negative.

put.


lot.

140.

Pinvention Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill tq

of Iuconve- explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twelfth and Privilege oyf Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King the Third,

Parliament, intituled, An Act for preventing any Inconveniencies that may happen by Privilegepf Parliament: And thait x Mr. Pulterey, Sir lVilliam Sir

gud Mr. Tyner, do prepare, and bring in, the fame;

High Price The House being informed, that One Of the Sheriffs of Coals, of the City of London attended' at the Door;

He was called in , and at the Bar, presented to the House, a Pet ition Of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of ini Common Council

affeinhled.

And then he withdrew. '

And the said Petition whs read; setting forth, That, notwithstanding the several Acts of Parliament in being, agaiull unlawful Combinations U> euhanfe the Price of Coals, the Petitioners have Reason to apprehend, from a late Advance of the Price of the fame, and from the Masters of Ships delivering in Turn, and other Proceedings, that there is at ptefent a Combination to keep up , and further advance the Price of Coals; which, if not remedied in time, may greatly affect the Trade and Inhabitants of live said City, and more especially the ManufuCi users and poorer; Soft of People: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Con« federation;. and to giye such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be. referred to the Confederation of the Committee.of the whole Houfo$ to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition,of the GlaJs-mukers, Brewers, Distjllers, Sugar-bakers, Soapboilers, Smiths, Dyers, andotherconsiderable Cpofu? mers of Coals, in behalf of themselves and the Inhabit itantsiu and about the Gties of and

The Order of the Day being read, for the: IdoHfe to resplve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition; . (>

: Rffolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at-Tweive

of the Clock, resplve itself into the laid Committee.

St. Leonard' The Older of the Day being read, for proceeding, ip Shoreditch the further hearing of Counsel, upon the Bill tb eXpfato Church, ‘and amend an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of his 'present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, ,An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of St.'Leonard Shoreditch, in -the County of Middlrfcr;

And the House being informed. That the Parties con-'Cerned were agreed, and would give the House ho fur-aeher Trouble in the Hearing of Counsel upon the said

BiH;

Mr.-Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis JCkiid, Sir Robert -Austin, Mr. Mr. Latdche,

&ir. flacks, Mr. While, Mr. Tracy, Mr. IlorjeinpriUeh

1$

Turner, Sir Wm.lUabhtote, Mr. Mr. Fane, Mr.

Hay, Mr. Obnius, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Hanbury Williams,

Mr. Whitworth,'Mr. Gybbon, Me .'Watts, Mr. Croje,

Sir Jof. Eyles, Mr. PapiUon, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lockwood,

Mr. Kynafon, Dr. Lee, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Br^ffey, Mr.

Knight, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Plumptre, Mr/.

Thompson, Mr. Montague; and all the Members who serve for the County oiMiddlesex, and City of And they- are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Order of the Day being read;

And the House being, informed, that Doftoriym/ott, Privilege-attended at. the Door;

He was called in:

And several Letters signed by, and directed to, him and franked with the Name of a Member of this House; alleged to be counterfeited, being the ,wp to him; he was examined thereupon:

And then was directed tq withdraw.

Resolved, That Mathias Symfon,. Doctor in Divinity, having counterfeited the Hand-writing of the Name of a Member of this House, upon several Letters, in order to prevent their being charged with the Duty of Pofotge,

is guilty of an. high Mil’detneanor, and a notorious Breach of the Privilege of this House. -

Ordered, That the said Mathias Symfon be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Verier is, 28° die slprilis;

Anno ii* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1738.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr.

from the Gommiffiouers of the Customs, attended at the Door';

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Smyrna House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Raifma Amount of the Imports of Raisins from Smyrna, and the imported. Duties paid thereupon, for the Years 1725,172^,. 1727» - t

1728, 1732, 1733, and 1734: And also,

An Account of what Duties have been paid at the Duties Custom-house in London, and the Out-Ports, for foreign foreign Spirits or Brandy, imported from 24 June 1735, to 25 sPinu-December 1737; diliinguithing each Year: Ana also, -. An Account of the Quantity of Spirits, drawn from Spirit* Barley, Malt, or other Corn, exported, and the Amount exported, of the Bounty by them pftid for the fame,.from z\ June 1,725, to 25 December ,1737; distiuguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts , do. lie u pon the Table, to be perused by the Member's pi1 the House,

The said; Accounts are bound-pp, ,wiih ,the other ' .'/ 'Papers of tfeis Setfepn.: ;: ’

A Petition of 'Philippa Walton arid John Walton, of River Lee Waltham Abbey,- in the County of Essex, Gunpowder- Navigation makers, Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers, of the Gunpowder Mills, situated at Waltham Abbey aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth.

That the Petitioners are seised iii Fee of the above-mentioned Gunpowder Mills, which have been used as such from time immemorial, and arefetuate on a River called the Powder Mill River, issuing out of, andfalling into^ the River Lee: And the Petitioners have, and their Predecessors have had, a free Passage and Communication, from their said Mills, down to the River Lee-, and, by such Passage, convey the Saltpetre, and other Ingredients, mad.e use of in the Making of Gunpowder; and also the Gunpowder, when made, to and front the City

4

11 Geo. IT* 28* dp i6n

of JLcmdontAnd that the Petitioners serve his Majesty’s Board of Ordnance with Gunpowder) and have, for many Years pad, and now do, expend annuaiiy considerable Sums of Money, in maintaining the said Mills in such Repair and Order, as to be able to make very large Quantities of Gunpowder within a short Space of Time, whensoever they should be thereunto required by the said Board, in case the Petitioners are not deprived of the Water, which, as they are advised, they have an {Undoubted Right to use in the working of the said Mills: And tha^the Petitioners, who usually employ upwards of Sixteen Men in working the said Mills, have, of late Years, in dry Summers, been (lopped from working them for several Hours in the Day, for want of Water; and have been delayed, for some Days, fop conveying to their said Mills the Materialsufed in the making of Gunpowder; and from carrying it, when made, to his Majesty’s Magazine for keeping Gunpowder, or to the Petitioners Warehouses: And that the Petitioners apprehend, and are advised, that if the Bill, now depending before this House, for ascertaining, preserving, and improving, the Navigation of the River from the Town of Hertford

to the Town of Ware, in the county of ; and for preserving and improving the said River, from the . laid Town of Ware to the City of London', and for enabling the Governor and Company of the Nero River, the better to supply the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, with good and wholesome Water; Ihoultl pass into an Act, the Petitioners will, from the great Quantity of Waterallowed to the Governor and Company of the New River, be greatlyMetrimented in the working of their Mills, and otherwise affected in their Property: And that the Navigation of the lliver Lee will also be very much obstructed thereby: And therefore praying the House to' take their same into Consideration, and to permitvthem to be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Bill pafles into an Act; or to grant them such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, Until the said Bill be read a Second time: And that the Petitioners, If they think fit, be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, according to the Prayer of Clie said Petition.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted1 to be heard, at the same time, in Favour of the said Bill, agaihift the lard Petition.

Ordered, That Ihe. said Bill be read a Second time

upon TkurjdayMorning next. ’

Shoreditch An ingrafted' Bill for repairing the Road from the

to Stanford Stoni-s End, in the Parish of St. , Shoreditch, in

HiU Rinds, the County of Middlesex,through the Town of Hackney,

to Stanford-hill, in the great Northern Road in the (kjd County, was read the Third-tittle;

The Amendments following were severally propofeo to be rtiade to" the Bill; viz.

Press 1. L. 17. After the AVord' " Gentlemen.*’ To insert " James Southby Esquire, and Colonel " Southby." ,; rPr. 9. L. 15, 16. To leave out " the said Trustees, or any Five or more-of them i

L. 18. To leave out from the Word " committed" to the Word " shall," iu Line 20.

Pr. 10. L. 20. To leave out "Six." and insertTwenty:"

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Rejhlved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titlfe be, An Act for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stanford-hill, and Cambridge Heath, over to the Turnpike

at Mile-end,in the County of Middlesex.

r. . Ordered, That Mr, Alderman Perry do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Vol. 2.3

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Bennett

and Mr. ButToughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Office*m4 to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify therff-selves for Offices, or to read the Prayers, and make the- Declarations and Subscriptions required, within the re* spectiveTitnes limited by Law; and for allowing fur* therTime for those Purposes; without any Amendment.

And also.

The Lords have agreed to (he Bill, intituled, An Act Westminltvr for building a Bridge cross the River 'Thames, from the Brid(«. Woolfaple, or thereabouts, in the Parish of St. Margaret, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry, without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Invemefi for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One- Town Debts, sixth Part of a Peuy Sterling, upon each PintofAlei and Beer, that (hallBe vended or sold within' the Town of Inverness, and Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and other Purposes therein mentioned, without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have paned a Bill, inlitqiled, An Act foLSpeonJllesd inclosing and dividing the common Mead or Moor, Incfofur*. called Speeti Mead, or Speen Moor, in the County of

Berks: To Which the Lords desire the Concurrency Of f this House. And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for £tudholm's confirming arid establishing an Agreement between Agreement William Studholm Gentleman, and Culhbert Hodgson ^‘‘hHodg* Gentleman, in relation to the Will and Estate of l0B* chad Studholm Esquire, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

Aud then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of for veiling certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Part of the settled Estate of Rich-

ard Earl of Burlington and Corke, in Trustees, to be sold

for Payment of Debts; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, of greater Vhlue, to the same Uses, f

was read a Second time. V 1

Rrfolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pelham, '

Sir John Rufhout, Mr.. Thompson of York, Mf- Pidteney,

Mr. Longueville, Sir James Grant, Mr. Brerehn, Sir Roger Bradjhaigh, Mr. 'Townjhehd, Sit Robert Abdy, Sir1 Francis Child, Mr. Hen. Finch, Mr. Hoare, Sir John '

Heathcole, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Polhill, Mr Fere, Mr. Mai-1

fter, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Ojbaldefton, Mr.. Plumptre,

Air. Aioifon,' Air. Hay, Sir Miles Stapyltpn, Sir Wm.

Heathcole? '.Mr. Clutierbuck, Mr. Aldenqah Heathcotey Air. Jeffreys, Mr. Turner, Mr. Chetunpid, Mr.

Mr. Crosse,^IrM Bowles, Sir Nathanael:Curzoi}, Air.

While, Sir James Loivther, Sir Thomai Ldcother, Mr.'

pigby, Sir Ffhicis 'Drake, Mr. Br '

Mr. Boone, Dr. Lee’, Dr. Butler, Mri, Mr Sad--

dys, \jotd Crey, Nit. Archer, Mr. Boitfes, Mr.'Fi/id?>V

Mr.L* acker, wltlBold, D^. (?otes, Nlr. Cojtcr,'Mrl Fide1,-

Mr. Bayntun Roll, Mr. Chhfln, Mr. Wm. Hucks, 'Mr.

Gore , and all the Members who serve for, the.Counties of xbrA'and Middlesex: Anil they are tq meet;Hiis Afternoon^ at Five of the Clock, in the Spea^cqr’s Chamber. '

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House supply BUI) to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,: sinking

upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty Two Millions Euud, &c« out of the Sinking Fund1, for the Service of the Year 1 and for paying to the.Governor and Company’ of the Bhnk Of EnglandOne Million, for redeemingan Annuity of Forty thousand Pounds, payable to' them; be now read: 0

And thq said Order being read accordingly;

’ ’ Refolded, that it be 'an instruction to the said Coro* fhitfee; That they have Power to receive a Clauseof. Appropriation. { '

Then the Hhufe refolVedllfelf into the said Committee, w: - Mr

itf8

2 8° Jfprilis.

A. 1738/

l)ntv

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

§ir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendrpents thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

/ 1 T

An ingrafted BiH . for enforcing the Execution of an Retailers of Act, made in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty's Spintuous Reign, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon the

quors. Retailers of spirituous Liquors, and for liceniipg the Re-

..; tailors thereof, was read the Third.'time!

The Amendments following were ieverafly proposed tq be made to the Billviz.

Prese 1. L. 26. At the End of the Line add the Word! " some; ’ ’

Pr. 4. L. 5. After " Wales," to insert "or the Courts' " bf Section in the Counties Palatine t f ..And the same were, upoa the Question federally put ' ;. thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was. attended at the Table accordingly.

fiefolved, That the Bill dopafe: And that the Title be,' An Act for enforcing the Execution of an Act, made t, in the Nipth Year.of his.present Majesty’g Reign, inti-; . tufed, An Act for lgjinga Duty upon the Retailers of

c- 1:spirituous Liquors and for licqnCng the Retailers there-

of,-

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

Robe: And they are to meet this* Afternoon, at Five of the Clock) in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Laws re-Confederation the Report from the Committee, to whom fitting tan-the Petition of the Curriers, and other Dealers in Lea- :ned Lwtht:r* ther, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many -others; and also the Petition; of the Cordwainers, living in and near the City of Lon-, don, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behaifi of themselves, and the rest of the Manufacturers of Leather in this Kingdom; and also the Petition of several 9hoemakers, in and about the^Cities of London and Westminster, artd Liberties thereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others; and also the several Petitions presented to the House. from the Cordwainers, in the several Towns of Warwick, Cambridge, Shreiofbury, and Birmingham, and from the Wardens, and Keepers, and Commonalty of the worshipful Company of Sadlers of were

referred; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be takeu into Con--sideration upon WednesdayMorning next.

Speen Mead InclulWe<

An ingrossed Bill from the'Lords, intituled, An Act :for inclosingnnd, dividing the common Mead or Moor, called Speen Mead,or Speen Moo?, in the Couftty of

;Reirk$% yas read the First time.; \

' \B(so{yed, That t{ie Bill be -r^ji a 'Second time.

f f t,

for explaining and amending a certain I ruftnhd Power

,^0^ on the',.Marriage of JUcliard Lord, Vtof. lajfid, ,$^n. JfafyjL&d yMolyneuxhis now Wile? fqr rai-

fipg portions *fop, jtye Daughters <rf the said Marriage j apd for Ahe. heWer ^rtpiiiiqg and more effect ually fe,-cnrrcfg the (^dRokioDS; was read a Second -time. ' .'

jfyfolyed,tjte Bill t be ' qefomitied /Shuts

fl^r/b lupvA Gage, Mr! Sty

Pq;vetf, Mf\ 1£dm^hd'BdcptixiSk.Ojbaldejftoiif

% foafftflnael.farzoii,'"

DfjfoTiguevifle, '$Ir! ’Thortys Gore, Mr.

tyfari.Mr. jfe$er%yj Sir H GgUfffc ,'JJp

Si riThomfl&rLtwmer, Mr ifKMr* White, Mr. Ham. Me Boptie^it;>Wtif.S(a}ih and ali-Uiq M^mtiers >vlio f^jrve £or the Gpnnfyof And,'they' sure-to meet this! Afternoon, Five of

e 1J 1» 1 1 ’if’ *1 1 1 f 1; J '* -|-J f f , ‘ p 1 ,

moire esse^ual/securiqg tfte’ Payments ofcertain gqms-iqf Moneyi directed by-anAjft» jnade in the Forty-third Yedr of the Reign of Queen "Elizabeth, ijn^ituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor,to be paid by the respective Xfoafurers of every County in England and Wales, for the Relief of, the poor Prisoners of the King's Bench and Marshalsea Prisons, was read a Se-coud time.

liefplyed, That the Bill be committed to Dr. Lee, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Attorney General,

Sir Nathanael Curzon , Lord Gage, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Crosse, Sir James Grarit, Mi '^Mr. Hooper, Mr. Thonipfon, Sir James Lo:c(hcr,.Jsht. Brerelah, Mr. fton. Lord Polwarth, Mr. tybbpn, Mr Lord

Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Smith, Mr. Watts,

M v. riumer^ Mr White, Mr. Hay, Mr. Laroche, Sir %hpmas Lyttelton: and all the Gentlemen of the Long

.t ml,:

Lord

Molyneux’s

Daughters’

Portions,

"Relief of Prisoners in King's Bench wider 43 Elis.

Li U i

TheOrder. of the Day being read, for resuming the ad- fytanufactur« journed Debate upon the Second Resolution of the Com- the PiantL-mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to tio^s." a" consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Ironmongers and Manufacturers of Iron in the Towns of Birmingham, Wolverhampton, Stour-

bridge, and Dudley, and tlje Parts adjacent, in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcej; and also the Petition offundry Iron matters, in behalf of themselves, and Qthers concerned in the making of Iron,in Great Britain and also the Petition of several Merchants, Ironmasters,' and Ironmongers, in the City of Bristol; were referred . Ordered, That the Debate be further adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, reiolved itself into a, Price Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Peti!j ®*CoaU. tion of the Glass-makers, Brewers, DistilIers, Sugar-bakcr9^ Soap-boilers, Smith, Dyers, and other considerable Con-fejmers of Cpals, iq behalf of tliecpselves, and the Iahabi-tants.in and about the Cities qi ff.ondon and Westmin-K Jler-, and the several other Petitions to them referred.

., ;(Mrjv Speaker left, the Chair.

'Mr. Alderman Perry took the Chair of the Comm\tteen

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. '

Air. Alderman Perry reported-from the Committee,

That they had-, heard Counsel, and examined several t Witnessef, in ^qpport of the Allegations of the Petition,

<ffthe laid Couftiipers of Coalsj and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have £eave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning-next,. nefpjve.itself into a Committee of %the whole Ha^ev- upon the said Petitions.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Hlfdlved, T\\SX this Tfoufo-wiH, upon MondayWlom- Removing ing next, resolve itself into-a Committee of the whose Disabilities House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act,

made in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Ma- dp jesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for explaining an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names and real Eltates; and for enlarging the Time for such Registering; and for securing Purchases made by Protestants; and for securing the Estates of Papists, w ho are or shall become Protestants, against the Disabilities created by several Acts of Parliament relating to Papists.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Frauds in ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole "nd House, upon the Bill for the better preventing Frauds SllvefU am' and Abuses in Gold and Silver Wares.

Resolved,

il Gec>. II.

28° Aprilis. — 10 Mail.

i6 9

Importation Resolved, That this Hotife will,' Upon Monday Morn-ot printed jtig next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Book8, House, upon the Bill for prohibiting the Importation of Books, re-printed abroad, that were originally printed in Great Britain; and for limiting the Prices of Books.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon

and Means, ing next, refolye itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Symes’ Ordered, That Sir Francis Child have Leave to make Mate. a Motion; it being after Six of the Clock:

And he mOved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Guardian of Amy and Catherine

Symes, Infants, to join in making I>?rtfes of Lands, in the Counties of SometJ'et an & Devon f with the other Owners thereof, during the Minority of the said Infants, Was read a Second time.

Rest lived, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Child, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Alderman , Mr

Mr. Parsons, Sir John HMr.

Ctejar, Mr. Hacks, M r. Huxley, Mr.

Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Mr.

Bowles, Mr. Myddeltm, Mr. Mr. Laroche, Mr.

Wort ley Montagu, Mr. Cqfier, Mr. and all the

Members who lerve for the Counties of and

Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Seven of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Papillon have Leave to make a Motion:

And- he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and estab!idling an Agreement between William StudholmGentleman, and Cuthbert Gentleman, in relation to the Will and Estate of Michael Studholm Esquire,deceased, was read the First, time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time

Stndholm’s Agreement with Hodg-; fOQ.

Christ Church, Middlesex, Streets, he.

May’s

Kune,

Ordered, That Mr. AJliley, Mr. Horsemonden Turner* Sir Wtn. Heathcote, and M r. Compton, he added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Pad ages, and Courts: and for the better regulating the nightly Watch, and Beadles; within the Parish of in the County of Middlesex; is committed.

And then the House' adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luncty 1° Maii \

Anno ii* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1738. Prayers.

Mlt Harley reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas May Esquire, and his Sons, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies, to take and use the Surname of Knight, purl'uant to the Will of Elizabeth Knight, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered

the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

jNorthfleet to An ingrossed Bill for enlarging tiieTerm and Powers Hartford granted in and by an Act, marie in the Tenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for enlarging, amending, And maintaining the Road between Northfeet, Graves end, and Rochester, in the county of ; and also another Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the 'Perm granted by the said former Act; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for explaining and amending the said Vol,*3.

Acts} and also for repairing the Highways from North?

Jleet aforesaid to Darlford, in the said County; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted in and by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for enlarging, amending, and maintaining the Road between Nor//feet, Gravesend, and Rochefer,in the County of Kej and also another Act, made in the Elev enth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging tiieTerm granted by the said former. Act; and for oilier Purposes therein mentioned 5 and for explaining and amending the said Acts; and alsofor repairing the Highway from afora-

said to Dartford, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir Christopher Pou>ell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

i k I 1 ' ' ' - ’ 1 ' - x

Mr. Vytier reported from the Committee to whom Deeping the Bill to,enable the Adventurers, Owners; and Pro- Fens prietors, of the Taxable Lands, and the Owners and' Dnuuase* Proprietors of the Free Lands in/?et’/«wgFens>andother Fens, in the County of Lincoln, therein mentioned, to raise a competentSum of Money, for the effectual draining and futurePrefervation, ofall the.feid Fens, according to their Agreement in that behalf, and to carry the said Agreement into Execution; and foyother the Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through; the Bill,apdmadefeveral Amendments U>ereunto; which , they had directed,him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwa^ds.deliyered the Bill, with the Amendments, in pt the Clerk’s Table j Where the Amendments were once read tftroughoqt, and then a Second time, onq by one; and, upon the Qiieftion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be . ingrossed.

Sir Charles Turner,according to Order, reported from Supply Bill 1 the Corhmittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Sinking granting to his Majesty Two Millions, out of the Sink- Fu,ul*&c* ing Fund, for the Service of the Year 1738; and for pay-i ing to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England One Million, for redeeming an Annuity of Forty thousand Pounds, payable; to them; was committed; the Amendments whiph tfje Committee had made to the

Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with, the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the pay, for the House Ways to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Means# iconsider further of Ways and Mean&for railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the femp being read accordingly; - r

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner topk the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee That they had come to.several Resolutions; vyhicli they had directed him to report, when the House will plealie to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Doctor Lee reported from the Committee tp whom Relief of the Bill for the more effectual securing the Payments of ftrifoper* in certain Sums of Money directed by an Act, made in the King’s Bench Torty-thirdYear of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, inti- viJ*43 '

X x tuled.

Prevention of Injury to Corn intended for Exportation.

Hitfh Price of Coals.

Removing Disabilities of conforming Papists, kc.

170 1 °Maii--^.1738.

tuled. An Act for the Relief of the Poor, to be paid by the respective Treasurers of every County in England and Wales, for the Relief of the poor Prisoners of the King's Bench and Marshalsea Prisons, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill,andmade several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feve-ral/y put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Pollen reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for puniiliing such Persons as shall do Injuries and Violences to the Persons or Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, with Intent to hinder the Exportation of Corn, was committed. That the Committee haVl gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-unto; which they had directed him to report to the ’ House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the ' Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Affiliants, of the City of Rochester, in the County of , in Common-council assembled, for themselves, and on the behalf of the Inhabitants in and about the said City; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That several Ships do yearly come to this City, loaded with Sea Coal, and great Quantities are consumed in and about this City; and that the Petitioners have Reason to apprehend, from the late Combination entered into by the Ship Owners of Scarborough, Sunderland, and other Places, for keeping of Turns for Delivery of Coals, that the Price thereof will be enhanced; which, if not timely remedied, may greatly afteft the Trade and Inhabitants in and about this City, and more especially the Manufactures and Poor of this City, and Places adjacent: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premifes into Consideration, and give such Relief therein as this House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committeeof the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Petition of the Glass-makers, Brewers, , Distillers, Sugar-bakers, Soap-boilers, Smiths, Dyers, and other considerable Con-fumers of Coals, in behalf of themselves and the Inhabitants in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and the' several other Petitions to them referred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee.of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for explaining an Act, passed in the last Session of4 Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names and real Estates; and for enlarging the Time for such Registering; and for securing Purchases made by Protestants; and for feeur-ing the Estates of Papists, who are, or shall become, Protestants, against the Disabilities created by.several Acts of Parliament relating to Papists; be now read: \ .>

And the said Order being read accordingly

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left tl^e Chair. ’ .

Mr. Hay took the Chair of the Comraitt.e.,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.'

Mr. Hay reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Rill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again. t

Resolved, That this Hodfe will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee.of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill, i 1 V

17

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. John Bennett and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Clerk’* enable Dorothea Cler/c to fell Lands in the County’ of 1^te-Dumfreis, for Payment of Debts, charged thereupon; and to purchase other Lands, to be settled to the fameUfes as the Estate to be sold is settled: To which the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ashendc* for inclosing and dividing the common Fields, Wastes, Inclosure. and uuinclosed Grounds, within the Manor, Townlliip, or Hamlet of AJkenden, in the County of Bucks; and for 1

the making effectual certain Exchanges therein mentioned; without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act 'Payment of for the more effectual securing the Payment of Rents, Kents, and preventing Frauds by Tenants, with'some Amendments, Jv which. Amendments the Loftls deft re the > Concurrence of this House. And also, ' 7/

The.Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Naifli's for veiling the real and personal Estate of Hugh Naish Estate. Esquire, who was late a Prisoner in his Majesty’s Prison of the Fleet, andefcaped out of the fame, in Trustees, '

for the Benefit of his Creditors, with some Amendments:

To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengefs withdrew.

The Orders of the Day for the Attendance of Robert persons Birch of Grantham, and Thomas Dbeing read; ordered t* Ordered, That Robert Birch of do attend aUt0<R

this House upon this Day Month.

Ordered, That Thomas Dawfondo attend this House again upon this Day Month.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Duty o* Reading of the Bill for reducing the Rate now payable ^m.yrna upon the Importation of Smyrna Raisins; Raisin*

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time, upon Thursday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a High Prl«s Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the of Competition of the Glass-makers, Brewers, Distillers, Sugar- bakers. Soap-boilers, Smiths, Dy§rs, and other considerable Consumers of Coals, in behalf of themselves and the Inhabitants in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and the several other Petitions to them-referred.

Mr. Speaker Jeff the Chair.

Mr.AldermanPr/Ty took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Perry reported from the Committee,

That they had examined several of her Witnesses, in Support of the Allegations of the Petition of the said Consumers of Coals; and had also heard Counsel for1 the Petitioners the Masters of Ships, uling the Coal Trade:

And, having considered the fevecal Petitions to them referred, had directed him to move the House, That'

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the City of fan-

don to set the Price upon all Coals, commonly called Sea

Coals, imported into the Port of Lo from,

and the Ports adjacent thereunto, for One Yeai*:

And he moved the House accordingly.s Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill (o', impower the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the City of London to set the Price upon all Chals, commonly 1

' called Sea Coals, imported into the Port Newcastle, and the Ports adjacent thereunto, for , One,. 15 Yeav: And that Mr. Alderman do prepare, and j bring it:, the fame.


The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon

Morning uext, resolve itself into a Committee of tfief’v"j!‘y^j|j^M whole House, upon the Bill for the better preventing > c ‘ Frauds and Abuses in Goldand Silver Wares.* ' *- r ’

Reftire’d,

ii Geo. II. i° —:

Importation Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, of printed resolve it I'elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon Books. the Bill for prohibiting the Importation of Books, reprinted abroad, that were originally printed in Great Britain -, and for limiting the Prices of Books.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2° die Maii;

Anno ii° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1738.

0 Mali ~ 171

called Speen Mead, or Speen Moor, in the County of

Berks, was read a, Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Rush-ont, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr; Hooper, Lord Pol-,

zvarth, Dr. Lee, Dr. Butter, Mr. Brerelon, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Plumptre, M r./lucks, Mr. Mr.

Watts, Mr. Kinajion, Mr. Digby, Lord Baltimore, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Fox, Mr. Horfmonden Turner, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Phillipson.; and all thje Members who serve for the Counties of Berks, Bucks, and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of- the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Praters.

Clerk’s A N ingrofP d Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Elute. J-Y to enable Dorothea Clerk to fell Lands, in the County of Dumfries, for Payment of Debts charged thereupon; and to purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same Lffes as the.Eliate to be sold is settled; was read the First time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second time.

; I

St. Leonard, Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Sir ^Charch*5*1 Heathcote, Mr. Grdnville, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Pearfe,

1 Mr, Ashley, Sir Thomas C'Lrrke, Lord Vere Beauclerk, and

Lord..Sidifeij'Beauder.k, be added to the Committee, to whpro the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reigni intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Parish-Church of*SV. Leonard, 6hpredi(ch,in the County of is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual securing the Relief of Payments of certain Sums,of Money directed by an Act, Prito.iers made in the Forty-third Year ctf the Reign of Queen ‘J1 Elizabeth, intituled, A^.Act for the Relief of the Poor, ^"^J|2un< er to be paid by the respective Treafui'ers of ievft-y County in England and Wales, for the Relief of the poor Prisoners of the King's Bench and Marshalsea Prisonspt was read the T hird time.; ,

Resolved, That the Billdopafs: And that the Title be. An Act for thy more pffeftual securing the Payments of certain Sums of Money directed by an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the'Relief of the Poor, to be paid by the respective Treasureps of every County in England and Wales, for the Relief of the poor Prisoners of the King’s Bench and Marshufea Prisons.

Ordered, That Dr. Leedo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

May’s An ingrossed Bill.from the Lords, intituled, An Act Name, to enable Thomas May Ef.nire, and his Sons, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies, to take and ufethe Surname, of Knight,pursuant to the . Will of Elizabeth Knight, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Kir. Ha do egrry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

\tUreement ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

wah Hodg- for confirming and establishing an Agreement between iso. William StudholmGentleman, and Cuthbert Hodgson

Gentleman, in relation to the Will and Estate of Michael StudholmElquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Rcvcll, Mr, Sand)/s, Mr. Knight, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Longueville, Ir. Phillipson, Mr. Vere, Mr. Gybbon, Dr. Lee, Mr Balle, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Mr. Parjons, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Jewkes, Mr. Plumptre, Mr.

Plumer, Lord Poizearth, Mr. Dennis, Mr. Fall, Mr. Hay, Sir John Peachy, M r . ProbyColonel. Onfow, Mr. Harley, Mr. Hales, Mr. Bay n tun M r. Kinajion; and all the Members who fi rve for the County of Kent, and the Cinque Ports: Aud they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty Two Fond'&c Millions out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1738; and for paying to the Governor and Com-

pany of the Bank of England One Million, for redeeming an Annuity of Forty thousand Pounds, payable to them, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of Two Millions for the Service of the Year 1738; and for paying to the Governor and Company of the Bank of

land One Million, for redeeming an Annuity of Forty thousand Pounds, payable to them; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to , . the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Speen Mead An ingrossed BilFfrom the Lords, igtituled. An Act inclosure. for inclosing and dividing the common Meador Moor, Vox, as.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported Ways from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it antl Means, was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the kefo-lutions which they had direfited him to report to the House;, which he read in his Place; and-afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read, andare as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty ^Plantations in which was to be in force from the 25th Day of March 1735, to the 25th Day of March 1739, and From thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, be continued, from the time limited for the Expiration thereof, for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better securing 1 and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar C0I0--nies in America, which Was to be in force from the 24th Day of June 1734, for the Space of Five Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, be con- -tinued, from the time limited lor the Expiration thereof, for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second , time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed te by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Sir Charles Turner, Mr.

Hooper, Mr. Scrape, and Mr. Sando prepare, and bring iu, the fame.

Ordered, that the Order of the Day, for the House importation to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of printed upon the Bill for prohibiting the Importation of Books, Book*, reprinted abroad, that were originally printed in Great Britain; and for limiting the Prices of Books; be now read:

And tile said Order being read accordingly*;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.

- by

172

iv

3° Mail

A. 1738.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resumtil die adjourned Debate upon the Manufacture Second Resolution of the Committee of the whole House,

to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Ironmongers, ’ and Manufacturets of Iron, in the Towns of Ordered^ That the Report be received Tomorrow Birmingham, and Dudley,

Morning. 1 and the’Parts adjacent, in the Counties of

Mr. Henry Fur took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Fox reported from the Committee, That they'hadgone through the Rill, and made several Amendments thereilnto; Which they, had directed him to report, xftien the Ilonfe will he pl'eased to receive the same

the Plunta-lions.

Prevention of Injury to Corn in-teivivd for Expjrtation.

Prevention of Incoove-niencie* by Vrivile^c of Parliament.

Sow ton’s Estate.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the RiN Ibr punishing such' Persons as shall do Injuries and Violences to the Persons or'Properties of his Majesty’s Snltjefts, with Intent to hinder the Exportation,of Corn, was committed'5 beTtow'read:

And the said Order being-read accordingly;

The Ilonfe proceeded to take the said Report,into Couiideration; and the Amendments made by the Committed to the said Bill were1 once read throughout,; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Queliioi\ severally pnt thereupon, agreed to by the House: And ‘ several Amendments were made, by the House, to the

Bill;" *:

Ordered, tha* the Bill, with the Amendments, be iilgidfted. v' -

Mr. Pulteney presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain And amend aft Act, p&fled iii the Twelfth and Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for preventing any Ipconreniencei that tnay happen by Privilege of Parliament: And the same w-ft& fdceived; and read the First time.

\lltfolved. That the Bill be read a Second time.

-. . ' I,~. ‘l r '

A MeHage from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr Edwards':

Mr. Speaker,

, The Lords!have passed a Bill;, intituled, An Act for enabling John Soivkon to make a Lease or Leases of cer-

Siuffvrd, and Worcester, and also thp Petition of.fuadry-IrOiirnaRefs, in behalf of tb^nfelv-es, and others, con- 1 Cerned in the Making of Iron in Great Britain; and also the Petition of several Merchants, Irommdiers, and Iron- 1 mongers, in the City of Brijhd; were referred:

And Part of the said Report being read;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Re'olulion, by leaving out Use Words " Great Britain," an I inf; rjing".Uis Maj liyN Plantations," infteadtliereof:

Ai d the Quell ion being put, That the Words " Great Britain" ltaud Part of the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the (-bu ilion being put, That the Words Iris Majesty’s Plantations,'’ be infer ted in Read thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by leaving out the Word "debl’eafedy’ and inl’erting the Word " increased," intioad thereof:

And the Question being put. That the Word " decreased," stand Part of the said Resolution;

It palTorl in the Negative.

Then the Question being put ..... the Word increased" beinferted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Com-?. mittee in the said Resolution thus amended, That the' Manufactures from Bar Iron in his Majesty’s Planta-. tions in America are greatly increased.

The Third Resolution of the said Committee of the whole House, being read a Second time, was postponed.. The Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth, Resolutions of the said ' Committee, being severally read a Second time, were;

tain Messuages and Tenements, and a Wharf therein upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by mentioned, fibuate in the Pari 111 of St. Andrew, Ward- the House.

Removing D1 labilities of conform* ing Papilts,

&c.

robe, in the City of London: To which the Lords ^efire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, <0 conllder further of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for explaining an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names and real E-statCs, and for enlarging the Time for such Registering; and for securing Purcjiafes made by Protestants; and for securing the Estates of Papists who are or shall become Protestants, against the Disabilities created by several Acts of Parliament relating to Papists; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. t Mr. //ay took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. llay reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that lie was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill upon the Resolutions of the said Committee agreed to by the , House: And that the Lord Gage, Mr Archer,

Mr. Digby, Mr. U'innington, and Mr. Hanbury,

do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

MercurUy30 dieMaii;

Anno 11* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1738.

Prate.rs.

A N ingrafted Bill for collecting, at the Port of Genoa, Rei;ef0f , jlT. in Italy, certain small Sums of Money, for Relief rhipwrecked of Mariners ftiipwrecked and taken in War, and other Mariners at distressed Persons, his M a jetty's Subjects; and for other ^euoa-pious and charitable Uses; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for collecting, at the Port of Genoa, certain small Sums of Money, lor Relief of Mariners lhipwreck-ed and taken in War, and other diltrefled Persons, his Majesty’s Subjects; and for other pious and charitable Uses.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Willirnotl do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Payment of Rents.

Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Lords An ingrafted Bill forexplajning,amending, and making to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual fe- more effectual, and enlarging the Terms in several Acts of curing the Payment of Rents, and preventing Frauds Parliament, made in the Fourth and Sixth Years of the by Tenants, betaken into Consideration upon Friday keignofhis late Majesty King the First, respective-

Morning next. Jy, lor repairing and auieuding the several Roads therein

16 mentioned;

I.act

Crt enwick Roads.

iiGeo. II. 5° Mail. *73

mentioned; and for repairing and amending the Road from the Lime Kiln near to the Town

of Dartford,in the County of Kent, and from the Turnpike, in the Parish of St. , in the County of

Surrey,cross the Road through Bermondsey Parish, to London Bridge) was read the Third time.

The Amendments following, were severally proposed to be made to the Bill:

Prefs5. L. 13. After the Word " Jujlen," to insert Samuel Atkinson

Pr. 6. L. 2. After the Word " Lacy," to insert " John Lcthullier

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Fourth and the other of the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from the Stones End in Kent , in the Parish of St.George, in Southwark, in the County of Surry, leading to the Lime Kilns in Greenwich, to the First Mill Pond, at the South End, in the Parish of Lewisham,in the County of Kent; and for amending the Road from WestminsterFerry at in the said County of Surry, to New. Cross, in Deptford, in the said County of Kent; and for amending and making the said Acts more effectual; and for amending the Roads from the Lime Kilns aforesaid, to the Town of Dartford, in the said County, and from a Place called St. Thomas a Waterings, in the said Parish of St. George, to the Stoties End in Bermondsey Street, in the said County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Sir Christopher Powell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Aflays at . The House being informed, that Mr. Thomas ^oldiinith* Clerk to the Company of Goldsmiths, attended at the "al Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Produce and Disbursements of the Assay Office of the Goldsmiths Company, including the Money received for making Papier or by A flays, :from the 29th Day of May 1732 to the 29th Day of May 1737; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Pretention An ingrossed Bill for punishing such Persons as shall of Injury to do In juries and Violences to the Persons or Properties tendecTfor °fhis Majesty’s Subjects, with Intent to hinder the Ex-Exportation. portation of Corn, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for punishing such Persons as shall do Injuries and Violences to the Pjerfons or Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, with Intenttoliinder the Exportation of Corn.

Ordered, That Mr. Pollen do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Prevention A Bill to explain and amend an Act, piaffed in the of Inoonve- Twelfth and Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King niencies by William the Third, intituled, An Act for preventing any Parliament^ Inconveniencies that may happen by Privilege of Prtr-1 ’ liament, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will’ Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

VOL. 23. -*

Mr. Henry Pox, according to Order, reported from Importation the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill of printed for prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted 1Jook*' abroad, that were originally printed in Great Britain j and for limiting the Prices of Books; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one) and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Biubrcoke for inclosing and dividing the common Fields and com- Inclosure. mon Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Binbrooke, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second time.

Mr. Pelham, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as the Interest of the Crown is concerned. That this House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mon-son, Mr. Tyner, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Cary, Mr. Cromie,

Mr. Fox, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Chr. Powell, Mr.

Wrighte, Mr. Nedham, Mr. Crqffe, Mr. Archer, Mr.

Bradshaw, Mr. Plumer, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Yorke,

Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr.

Mr. Gore, Mr. Turner, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Sir Geo.

Cofwall, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Fere, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Hales,

Mr. Powlett, Mr. Townshend, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr.

Kinaston, Sir James Grant, Mr. L, Sir Francis Boynton, Sir Edmund Isham, Dr. Butler, Mr. Hunger-ford, Mr. Smith, Mr. Aifabie, Lord John , Air.

Papillon, Mr. Scaicen, Mr. Harvey, Sir Thomas -land, Mr. Hay, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Brer el on, Mr. Pol-hill, Mr. Pollen; and all the Alembers who serve for the County of Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Francis Child reported from the Committee, to Chrjft Church, whom the Billforthe betterenlightening the open Places, t*’

Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts; and for the better ret s* regulating the nightly Watch, and Beadles , within the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the Hotofe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout , and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of thbm were disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for giving to the Juliices of the Peace, at the Quarter Sessions for the County of Middlesex, a discretionary Power to mitigate, compound, or lessen, any of the imposed by the Bill.

And the said Clause was twice read, Svith Blanks; which were filled up: And the Clause was amended.'

Then the CIause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to limit the yearly Amount of the Assessments thereby charged.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled of: And the Clause was amended.

Then the Clause was, upon the Question put t hcreu pon, agreed to by the I lonfe, to be made Part of the Bill.

Yy And

ie

Laws

ri'specting

tanned

Leather.

Ditto*

Ditto.

174 30 Mali. . 1738.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

A Petition of the poor Journeymen Shoemakers, and other "Workers of Leather, in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many Thonfands of other poor Journeymen Shoemakers. all over this Kingdom, who have not a Penny to depend on; and also,

A Petition of the Cordwainers of the Town of Mil-borne Port, and Places adjacent;

Were severally presented to the House, and rdad; representing to the House the ill Consequerice of impowering the Curriers to cut and fell Leather: And praying Relief. v And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Curriers, and other Dealers in Leather, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others; and also, the Petition of the Cordwainers living in and near the City of London, whoseNames are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Manufacturers of Le&ther in this Kingdom; and also the Petition of several Shoemakers in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Liberties thereof, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others; and also the fev.eral Petitions presented to the Hohfe from the Cordwainers in the several Towns of Warwick, Cambridge, Shrevbsbury and Birmingham, and

from the Wardens and Keepers, and Commonalty of the worlhipful Company of Sadleri. of Ijondoii; were referred.

And the said Report was read; and is as followeth;

viz-.

(uThe Committee have, pursuant to the Orders of the House, examined the Matters of the said Petitions; *[and have heard the Petitioners the Curriers and; other Dealers in Leather, by their Connfel; and , have also heard Counsel for the Petitioners the Cordwainers living in and near the City of London.] There was produced before the Committee, an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of King James, tho First, concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other. Artificers, occupying the Cutting of Leather; in which, among other Things, it is enacted, That no Persons shall buy, fell, bespeak,orputaway,any tannedLeather, not wrought or converted into made Wares; but only such Persons as will and ilia.Il vy.ork and 09avert the fame. Leather into made Wares, That Sadlers and Girdle)’?, may fell their Necks and Shreds of tinned Leather red: That all and every Artificer ufip,g to convert tanned Leather into made Wares, mayj^vfully bgy all Kinds of tanned Leather to, make and conyertrinto made Vv^res: that no Currier ftiail burn or seal’d aj>y Hide or. feather in the Currying; nor lliaH lbave apy Leathql’ytoo thin; nor shall gaflt or hurt any Leather jn lliaving;. on pain of forfeiting the Sums therein mentioned;

That no Cordwaiuer, Slioeraaker, or other Person, dwelling or inhabiting within the City of London, or within Three.Miles thereof, shall have any Leather, curried in’his own House, or put any Leather to be curried, but to such Persons as are free of the Curriers Company: That no Person occupying the Jfeat or Mystery of a furrier, shall ufp or exercise the Feat or Mystery of a Tanner, Cord.wainer, Slibemakerj Butcher, or other Artificer, using Cutting of Leather, during the time he lliafl so use or occupy the Mystery of a furrier:

And that no Currier shall refuse to curry any.Leather tp him brought by any Artificer, who shall he^.Cutter of Leather; the same Artificer, or his Servant, bringing gppd and sufficient Stuff for the perfect Liquoring of the

Supplied from the original Report.

fame Leather: Arid that the said Leather shall be lb-quored and curried in all Things and Degrees, perfectly, within Eight Days, in the Summer, and Sixteen Days, in the Winter, after the same is taken in Hand.

And the said Act directs, That Persons shall be ap* pointed to view and feareh all and every tanned Hide,

Skin, or Leather, brought to Leaden-hall Market, or any other Fair or Market within Three Miles of London, -whether the same was fuflicientlyand thoroughly tanned, and thoroughly dried; and, finding it sufficient!y tani ned, and thoroughly dried, to seal the same with a Seal to be appointed for that Purpose; and further Directions are given, concerning the Searching and Sealing of Leather, in other Parts of the Realm.

And, by another Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, for explaining Part of the above recited Act; and which recites, among other Things, That feme Doubts had arisen upon the Construction of feme Parts thereof; it is thereby enacted, That all and every Hide, Skin, or Piece of tanned Leather, fliaved or liquored, of what Colour soever, with any lawful Liquoring or Dressing, and being well and truly curried, shall be adjudged, reputed, and taken, to be the made Ware and Manufacture of the Currier: And that it shall be lawful for all Leather-fellers, Curriers, Shoemakers, and all other Persons whatsoever, that do -deal and work in Leather, freely to buy all Sorts of red tanned Leather, in any open Fair or Market, whether curried or uncurried, the same being first fearelied and’ sealed; and, having so bought the fame, to fell it again to any Persons whatsoever in their publick and open Shops, or to cut or convert the faille into their made Ware, according to their several arid respective Trades.

There was likewise produced the Record of the Ver-dist upon aTryaf-in the Court of King’s Bench, in Hilary Term, in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, upon the Information'of Robert Oliver, against Thomas Carpenter, for using the Mystery of a Cord- -'

wainer, during the time he exercised the Feat or Mystery of a Currier; of which the said Thomas Carpenter was foutid guilty. i

Also aCopy of the Judgment given upon aTryal Imd; upori an Indiftmeirt, removed by Certiorari into the Corrrt of King’s Bench, against Robert Smith, Currier, for felling Two Cow-hides and Two Calf lkins, cut arid divided into Pieces; upon which a Verdict was given for the Defendant. h ' ;. .

Also an attested Copy of the Judgment given in the Court of Exchequer at Wefiininfier, inr Hilar}! Term, in the Eighth Year of*his present Majesty’s Reign, h* fai Tryal whetein Thomas Wheeler was Plaintiff, Against Robert Puxty, for exercising the Feat or Mystery of a Currier; which Cause, it was admitted, was tried by a Spe-fcial.Jury; and a'Verdict was found for (he Defendant.

Also ah attested Copy of the Record of the Judgmerit ' given in the Court of Common Pleas, in Hilary Term, in the Ninth Yenfof his present Majesty’s Reign; on the Try ail of a Cause, wherein Thomas Mat/-avers, Currier, waa pnolefcuted at the Suit of Hugh by which it

apIpAared, that the Plaintiff obtained a Verdict against the Defendant on the Sixth Gobrtti laid in the Plaintiff’s Declaration; which was for felling Pieces of tanned Leather, dot bein'g red tanned Leather, wrought, and converted by the Defendant into made Wares, according to any Trade then followed by the said Defendant: And the Plaintiff also obtained a Verdict: oil the Twelfth And last Count; which was for the Defendant's exercising the Mystery of a Currier, during the time that he exercised the Mystery of a Leather-cutter, being the Feat and Mystery of an Artificer using Cutting of Leather.

Also an attested Copy of another Record of the Judg-ment given in the said Court, in Trinity 'Verm, in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, in the Tryal of a Cause, wherein Lawrence Cptjfier, Currier, was prosecuted at the Suit of Hugh; by which it appeared, that the Plaintiff obtained a Verdit’t against the Defendant, by a Special Jury, on the nth Count of

the

ii Geo. II. Maii. 173

the Plaintiff’s Declaration; which was for exercising the Feat or My fiery of a Cordwniner, during the time that he exercised the Feat or Mystery of a Gurrier.

And the Witness who proved the Copy of the last mentioned Record, said. That he was prefect, at that Tryal, as also the Tryal before-mentioned in the Court of Exchequer; and that the Pieces of Leather produced in Court, as Evidence on the last of those TryaLs, were the same Sort of Pieces as were produced at the Firfi.

And it was admitted, that Thirteen'A&ionshave been brought against the Curriers, upon the same Account as before-mentioned.

Then, in order to shew the Utility of Cutting and Selling of Hides and Skins to the various Artificers, who make use of the fame, the following Wrtneftes were examined on the Part of the Petitioners the Curriers and Dealers in Leather:

Mr. Robert Peele, Sadler: Who said, That the Me-

thod used by Persons in his Trade, is, to go to the Cur-tiers and Leather-cutters, and to buy Half Hides; and of whom he hath sometimes bought Leather cut according to his own Pattern: That the Sadlers find it a Disadvantage to buy at Leaden-hull Market; for that, out

of Ten Hides, Three may not prove to be a proper Colour for their Purpose; and that not above Half of each Hide can be made use of, which consequently muff raise the Pi ice of every Hunting Saddle 5.?. above what they are fold for at present: That, until the Hides are curried, dressed, and lcoured, no Judgment can be formed which of them are proper for the Ule of the Sadlers for which Reason, they buy what is necessary for their Use from the Curriers, at reasonable Prices, who fell the Remainder to other different Trades: And were the Sadlers to buy whole Hides at Market, and they proved unfit for their Use; or were they to fell the Remainder they did not.use; in either same they ihonld be Shfferers by it.

yi’C.Edward Penm/man, Sadler, confirmed so much of the Evidence of Peele, as related to the Conveniency the Sadlers find in buying their Leather cut from the Curriers; the Difficulties, and the Injury, that would attend their Trade, in buying Hides at Leaden-hall Market, which, he laid, he had once experienced, in the Purchase of a Hide, and as to the Sadlers carrying Patterns for the Curriers to cut by.

Being asked, If he could not have fold the Remainder of the J tide bouglrf, and be noLofer?

He said. That Leather of that Sort perishes with keeping:!

That, in a Hide of about 285. Value, the Quantity he tlfes amounts to jabout a Guinea,.and is called a Butt: And both he and Mr. Peele said. That they did-notap-prebend, That the Curriers exercised any Part of the Satf-JersTrade by their cutting Leather for them by Patterns

Mr. JoJ'.Edmondson, Sadler, said. That he had followed that Trade 16 Years in London and the Country; That, during the time he lived in the Country, he was obliged to bity H ides at Market; and, not.withstanditt£_his utmost (Care, a great many, when they came to be ourcied, did not answer his Purpose, feme-being of an improper Colour, and others broken grained: That, had iir not been for the Advantage of dealing with the Curriers in be muff have laid out more Money considerably, id bny-ingwholeHides, than he does at prefer.t, andfhokld have wanted; it for other Occasions; besides other InconvC-niencies lie mull have been subject to, from the Hazard there is in dealing in that manner; he having seen Six or Seven Hides bought, and not T hree of them prove fit for Use: And that lie should choose rather to.leave off his Business, than be obliged to buy Hides; for that 116 Judgment can be made, how they will prove, till curried: That the Sadlers use about -fds of the Hide curried; and if a Skin answered, lie said, the Loss in buying it would not be great; but that it was an Advantage to buy only a particular Quantity, without being under a Necessity of buying whole Hides.

Being efted, If all Parts of the Hide, except t he Neck and Shreds, were not used in common Saddles

Vol. 23.

He said, That it may be used by those who make Laws Saddles to export to Virginia, and in common Saddles (petting tan* fold in this Kingdom; But he neyer used all the Hide B,d LetthCTi in the Saddles he makes.

Mr. John Woodward said; That he was bred to the Trade of a Sadler; but that, for these last Eight Years; he has dealt in Holders add Buckets: That he buys all the Leather he uses at the Leather-cutters and Curriers; because he is obliged to buy it in Pieces: That was he to cut a Hide for Buckets, the whole of which may be worth lors. and the middle Part i$d. a Pound, each Bucket would Hand him in near Three Shillings, which is double the Sum he fells them for; and, for that Rear son, he buys what is called Offal, at 6d. a Pound; which does as well for that Use, otherwise he could not fell his Goods so cheap as he now can; and if he was to buy whole Hides, and felluhe Remainder, T10 Shoemaker would give him his full Price: ' .

That the Curriers are a Second Market for Persons of small Substance to go to; which is -a general Benefit:

That there are Persons who have begun this Trade with £..10, and if they were to go t.o Leaden-hall Market, there they can have 110 Credit; and when their Stock of Leather was worked up, they would have.no Money to buy more; but the Leather-cutters will give Credit for 46 or £50 to fuel) ns deal with them; and the greati-ft Number are not in Circumstances to go to Leaden-Halt Market; for where One has Money to go; there are Ten who have not: And he said. That the Curriers fell at reasonable Profit.

He was asked. Whether Tanners did not tan>Leathet* in Pieces, or whether he could not buy what he wanted from the Sadler f ( A

He said, That he never saw or heard of any Leather that was tanned in Pieces; and the Leather which the Sadler uses, is unfit for Buckets: That what he buys is tanned Sole Leather uncurried , and that if he boiight whole Hides, and was to fell what he did not use, lie should haVe a Quantity of the prime Part lie upon llis Hands, which he could not-fell but in a publick Shop* and that none but the Curriers or Leather-cutters feH those Pieces he makes use of.

Mr. William Kendall, Bridle-cutter, said, That he had

known the Trade above 31 Years: That the Curriers buy Hundreds of Hides, and flit them up the Middle; and thathetbelpeaks 20 or.40 of them at a time; and finds itimore convenient to buy of the Curriers than at '* etirhall Market, because he can have just as much as fits his Purpose. "

That; in Heather of the Value of £. 100 he don’t use a whole Hide; and if he was to buy them, he should bfe obliged'to keep a Waretioufe for the offal Part be cannot make use of; which Offal the Curriers fell to the Shoemakers and Bucket-makers: That feme Part of the Hide isdressed in a particular <manner for Gentleman’s Brl-dlfesy and if the Whole was to be so drafted, it would make it unfit for the Shoemaker's Use.: And that lie hath dealt ill the manner he described for £.500 in One Year: i. That he hath had Orders to make 2 or 300 Stirrup Leathers1 for the Use of the Army;1 and, had he been obliged to buy his Leather at Market,:lie could not have performed those Orders in ahy reasonable time; and muff have laid out 40 in-whole Hides, and-ruu the Hi Ik of beingdeceived, whenhe came to flit them, if they-proved notof a sufficient ThicknefsfThat in cutting 20.Hides’, he said, he might throw by io not. fit for Lfe; and that sometimes he'eadnot cut above Two or Three Stirrup Leathers out of a1 whole Hide, which colis 16 or r8s.; for which Reason the Curriers lay by such Sort of Leather, as is fit for Bridles, for those who want it 61 ft.

He said further. That he bad experienced the buying Leather from the Tanner, and found, that the Difference of the Profit did not answer the Inconveniences of that way of Dealing in other respects; and, if the Curriers should be restrained from cutting Ijeather; it would be a Detriment to the Bridle-cutters Trade in general: That they cut out according to any Lengths required; which

he

3* Mali. A. 1738.

he apprehends does ho Way encroach upon the Trade of a Bridle-cutter.

He said likewise, That the Leather he nfes is all curried, and Part of the Hide that lie uses is dressed in Oils mid that the Disposal of the Remainder, to the different Uses it is proper for, is Part of the Business of the Currier, who gains his Profit by that means:

That lie has laid out above £.7,000 with the Curriers, and on/y 100 Pounds in buying Hides for the Sake of the Experiment; That, was he to buy Hides from the Tanners, he could not so well perceive the Flaws, or any Defers in the Colour or otherwise, till they are curried and flit; which is done by the Curriers: And that he could not dispose of the Remainder, nor judge what different Trades it would be fit for; and a great Part of the Offal would lie upon his Hands.

Mr. John Hadley, Bridle-cutter, who said, He had

been in the Trade 24 Years, confirmed so much of the Evidence of Mr. Kendall, as tended to prove the Benefit of the present Method of the Bridle-cutters buying Leather in Pieces and Shapes from the Curriers; and as to the Quantities of each Hide they used, and the Difficulties their Trade would lie under, from their buying whole Hides, and in felling the Remainder they did not use: And he added. That if the Curriers were not to cut' leather, the poor Sort of Tradesmen would be rendered incapable offerving their Customers.

John Kemp, Clog-maker, said, That he had followed that Trade 24 Years: That he has bought Leather, fit for his Use, at the Curriers and Leather-cutters, and sometimes at the Shoemakers; but that he is chiefly supplied by the Curriers: That, for 2 he can buy a Quantity of Stuff, suficient, when worked up, to maintain his Family.

Being asked.TIow long the Curriers had cut Leather? he said. That, about the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, he bought Pieces of Leather,

Two Pennyworth at a Time, from the Currier, and Soles, Heels, and Patterns, for the Use of his then Mailer; and that they then fold Soles by the Dozen to the Shoemakers: That, since the Exportation of leather hath increased, no Person can lay out lei’s than £. 10 at enhallMarket, though formerly they might have laid out 10 or 12.r. there; but that, if he was to buy the whole Hides, it would he impracticable for him to carry on his Business; and he does not apprehend, that the Curriers cutting Leather, in the manner he has de-Icribed, is encroaching upon any Trade, or that the Cutting of Leather is a peculiar Trade.

Being asked. If he could be supplied with Pieces of Leather from any oilier Trades? he said, That he once bought 100 Weight of Sadlers Walle, and not half of it would answer his Purpose: That he never bought Leather at Leaden-hall Market, nor did he ever fee any Pieces brought there to be sold, except Faces and Tails in Bundles, some whereof were formerly used in his Trade, but not within these lad 15 Years: That Clogs are sold by Clog-makers, Patten-makers, and Shoemakers; and that a Shoemaker, who works in all Branches of that Business, may use a whole Hide; but a Clog-maker cannot.

Edward WatJ'on, Clog-maker, said, That he had known that Trade 29 Years: That he always bought hid Leather from the Curriers, who fell at a moderate Profit: That be finds it moll foil his Coiiveniency to deal with them, because he cannot make use of the bell Part of a Hide; nor could he*fell his Goods at so low a Price, if be was to buy whole Hides: That lie served his Ap-prentiedhip in 1iertfurdshire, and remembered a Cur-

rier that cut Leather in lhat Count v near 40 Years ago.

That he never bought Leather at Market,

though he could not say but he might supply himself \vith Leather from the different Trades who deal therein: That he looksupon a Cordw’ainer and Clog-maker asOne Trade; and that, as a Cordwainer, he might make use of very near a whole Hide; every Part of which, he laid, is made use of by the Shoemakers in the Country.

Francis CranfieUllaid, That he had been a Mailer

Clog-maker 33 Years, and had been constantly supplied with Leather from the Curriers during all that time: That he cannot nfe One-third Part of a Hide in his Trade; and the Buying of Leather from the Curriers is preferable to the buying of Offal from other Trades, be iiaving once bought a Quantity from a Bridle-cutter, which did not answer his Purpose, it being cut in such irregular Shapes: That his Mailer, with whom he served his Time, never made use of whole Hides, but fold the Remainder to the Curriers; and he has heard him complain of his Loss by so doing:

That if he was to have 3 or 400 Pair of Clogs bespoke, and was to buy whole Hides to make them up, it would be much more expensive than the Method lie now takes; and there are not many of that Trade who could be able to lay out Money for that Purpose.

Mr. Chillingworth, Chair-maker and Upholder,

said, That he deals with the Curriers for the Leather he uses, because he can have it cut to his Size: That if he was to buy whole Skins, and cut them himself, lie mull charge more to his Customers: That, out of a Hide that cods 28.V. that Part he uses is of about 18.r. Value; and if he was to fell the Remainder, it would bring him no more than id. or id. a Pound, nor lliould he know how to fort it proper for the different Trades; for which Reason he never bought a whole Hide of a Currier, but he bargained with him to take back what he did not use.

Mr. Thomas Popjoy, Card-maker, said, That the fmaH

Calve-lkins, used in his Way, are bought from the Tanners; but that ltrong leather made life of is bought from the Leather-cutters and Curriers: Tlrnt they buy the Offal, Bellies, and Shoulders, because they cannot tife a whole Hide, nor should they underhand how to fell the Sole Leather: That the thinned Part comes at a. low Price, which enables them to fell their Goods cheaper: That when he hath bad Orders for any Quantity of his Goods, he could not be supplied without the Curriers, who cut out for them according to the Pattern they carry; but that he never could find any Tanner that would cut Leather for his Use, it being out of their Way of Business; for they could ,not know the Value of the different Sorts of Leather in one Hide, which serve for different Purposes:

That he had 100 Dozen of Cards bespoke lad Summer, and he bought the Leather in Pieces which made them up: That there are no Cards of the Sort he makes made in the Country, except in One Place in Essex:

That he hath found it more expensive to buy at Leaden-hall Market, than of the Curriers: That some Persons in his Trade have bought Leather from the Tangier in \t hole Hides; but he never knew the Tanners cut an/ for their Use.

Being further examined, he said, That, during all the time lie had followed his Trade, which is 14 Years, he hath bought his Leather of the Curriers, some dressed, and some undressed; and that he hath dealt for or 5000 [Pounds] in One Year: That sometimes he dresses Leather for his own Use, in a different Method from what the Curriers dress, otherwise it would be so soft, that the Teeth of the Cards would not stand upright.

Mr. Samuel JohuJon, Surgeons Iiiftruraent-maker, said, That he had followed that Business between 40 and 50 Years, in which he uses great Variety of Leather, to th# Value of about 40 or£.5o annually, which be can have 110 where dressed and cut fit for his Use, but at the Curriers: And he and Mr. Chillingworth severally said, Thai tiiey did not apprehend the Curriers exercised any Part of their respeciiive Trades, by the cutting Leather in the manner they required.

Nathanael Foxwell, Patten and Leather Clog-maker, said, That he has known that Trade 36 Years; l hat it is more convenient for him to deal with the Curriers than the Tanners, because be cannot use a great Part of the Hide; and, as the Curriers convert the other Parts for the Use of other Trades, it brings the Remainder cheaper;

but

Supplied from the original Report.

11 Geo. II.

5® Mali

m

but he feid, That Patten-makers and, Chg-tnakera, in either strong Work or (light Work, can use a whole* Hide.

Samuel Ilblmes,who had been a Shoemaker 14 or 15

Years, feid, That he works only for such Persons as have diltorted' feet, and for all the Hospitals; and) that it bed suits his Conveniency to buy all his Leather

of the Curriers; and lie finds it cheaper tro buy it as he wants'it, than to keepaStock by him to perish; for that k would bo a Loss to him to buy whole Hides, by reafou he could not use the One-sixth Part of wiiat bought: That if he was to carry Patterns he can have' his Leather cut by them at the Curriers.

Stephen Pott, Shoemaker, said. That he makes Mens and'Womens Shoes be (poke; and hath followed that Bofiuefe, as a Mailer, Six Years: That be always (Supplied himself with Leather at the Curriers or Leather-cutters: That, if he was to buy whole Hides or Butts, he should not be able to Hfe every Part in less than Four or Five Years Time; and Part thereof would lie a dead Sleek upon his Hands: That, a great Number in his Trade, in- such a Cafe, could not carry on their Bofiness, by wafon of their Poverty: That be hath not bought a Hide or Butt these Four Years; but finds the other Way of deaKn-g much- more to hisConvenieucy: That some of the Shoemakers in the Country are supplied by Leather-cutters; hisMaster who-lived at in

Xent, being foraetimes supplied from a Leather-cutter at Canterbury.

Richard Welts, Matter Shoemaker, fcud, That he had known the Trade 30 Years: That he buys his Leather of the Currier and Leather-cutter, and can suit himself better than at Leaden-hall Market, not having Substance sufficient to buy from the Tanner, with whom, he laid, no Pferfon can deal, without having 90 or £.40; but he can go to the Leather-cutter with lor.: That he began his Trade with Half-a-crown; and, with so final! a Sum a poor Man may have Materials sufficient to make a Pair of Shoes, and may maintain his Family.

Thomas JF<rf/.r,who has been a Shoemaker Nine Years, said, That he makes Mens Shoes, and deals with the Curriers and Leather-cutters; and found it more convenient than to buy a whole Hide, Part of which he could not use: That, was he to have bought Leather at Market, he could not, with less than/, ao have carried on his Bnfiness; but that, buying the Currier, he can begin with$r. and, within Two Days, make ios. of it, and maintain his Family: 1 That, if the Shoemakers could boy Leather no where but of the Tanners, a great Number muff be excluded fromoarrying ou their Trades: That he computed there were about 40,000 in London, and not above 500 who are able to buy Hides; and, if they alone were to have the Right of cutting Leather, the Journeymen must be put by, and the poor Sort, who work for themselves, muff lose their-Bread for want of Btrfiness, or be reduced to work Journey-work. -.

He was a(ked. From what he took his Computation of 40,000 ? He said, It was the Number he had beard of.

Being asked, If he could not use a whole Hide in the different Parts of his Bofiness? he fitid. That, without injuring his Customers, he could not: That it may be used by some who work in all the Branches of the Trade; but that the Number of them is very small in proportion to the W hole: That when he buys a Piece of Leather for aPair of Shoes, there is no more Wade in working them up, than if lie was to cut them himself: That there are Shoemakers, who are alfe ‘Leather-cutters: And that he can buy cheaper from the Curriers than from those Shoemakers, that cut Leather; he having seen what other People bath bought from them, and compared it with what he hath bought from the Curriers; and that he looked upon that which ho bought to be cheapen.

William Mujfon, Matter Shoemaker 11 Years, said,

That he has maintained his Family with so small a Sum as 5 s.: That when Ife'frrft began his Trade, he bought his Leather at I^aden-hall Market, but found it inconvenient, for that, in cutting -up Three or Four Hides, he might not get Three or Four Pair of Soles that fatted Vou 23.

His immediato Occassions.:. That lie beiieuep; npl. Quer'Law* rei

tenth Part of the Master Shoemakers areahleito -buy that manner; and therefore a Rettraint of cutting Leap;"* *ea’,lcr,i| titer would be the Ruiti of a great many oftliem* particularly hhnfelf, liar he could not thha carry of his-Trade: And that the.Matter Shoemakers do not coflfc* that the Journcymeu ffiouJd. work, for tlieroselves

Being further examined, he said,. That, the Currferp{ do not curry all the Leather they cdt; but they- bavq cut Leather as long as hecan<remember: That there argf a great Number of Curriers that are not Leather-cut-, t-ers: That he has.sometimes bought Leather from the Shoemakers that cut Leather, as cheap as. at otfipf; ’

Places.: That those, who work, in all-the Branches-q(| the Trade, can use’a/whole Hide; but those who work fop Men only- cannot, ualefs they, ufckppfe upon their Cufe tomers: That the Offal Part, cannot be used it>, Sohjspff Shoesthat are bespoke,.Dorl.ult.of it in the Lifts of the '

Heels: And this Witness* and also the Three; last precept ding Witnesses severally. said, that they did not apprehend the Curriers prefeDt manner of cutting Leather is, any Encroachment on the Trade of a Cordwaiper, hjf reafou, as Mr. Pe/t and Mr.. ITells said, it can up t be con* verted into made Wares* but by the Shoemaker him* self.

Henry Powell, Shoemaker for Women, laid. That hg used to supply himself with Leather from the Leather-cutters and Curriers, and hatbdealtfor 60, 80, or/.109 a Year, and uever bought a whole Hide; and that hi

Father, who followed the same Buffness, dealt in tha| manner; and, without the Conveniency of the Curriers cutting Leather he could not have carried on hiu Buff* ness: That it would require a much larger Stock to buy at Leaden.kail Market, than is uecessary in the other manner of dealing: And that the Matter Shoemakers are not inclined to let the Journeymen w<jrk for the$Qr selves: That ho was Apprentice to his Father at *3 Years of Age, and is now 46; and hath left off Trad®

Seven Years ago; and, during all that time, he and his Father dealt with the Curriers for Leather. ;t

Being asked. What Parts of the Hide he could npjt use ? he said, the Neck and Middle of the Back; but that he never made the ordinary Sort of Womens Shpes.

Mr. James Todd, Merchant, being examined, feud.

That he buys great Quantities of QQ'al Leather, such as Heads and Bellies, in order to send to Scotland: That it is tliene worked by the poorer Sort of Shoemakers into Shoos, to be exported to the-Plantations, and for tlfe common Wear in that Kingdom: That heal so buys Offel to send to Northampton, lor which he deals chiefly with the Leather-civtters and Curriers; and that, ho,bqlieve#t, he may export to> the Value of \or 300 Pounds in a Year. -r.:

Mr. Samuel Beitcris, Merchant, Exporter of Leather, said. That he wasbound Apprentice to a Leather-cutter in 168a; ahdr diiting the thneof-his Apprenticefeip, his Matter cut Leather* and he remembered abotft

- Eight or Ten who then carried on the kune Bufinefe:

That they are greatly inoreafedof late; and the Leather 'Hade in general is much improved: That, tiff very

timely, he never heard of any Disputes concerning the Curriers cutting and felling of Leather^and that the

- Trades of currying and cutting of Leatlter ore < exercised by the same Persons.

Mr. James Parker, Tanner, said^ That he followed that Trade ever since the Year after the Resolution 2 And being asked, What was meant by red tanned Leather? he laid, That that Denomination indudeddll Leather that is tanned with Oak Bark; and that it was al* ways so reputed ever since he had known the Trade; ami that the Sealers appointed to search and leal all red tanned Leather sold at Leaden-hall Market, have always searched and lealed all Leather tanned with Oak Bark.

Being asked the Quession, he said, He never heard of white tanned Leather, nop- of any Distm&ion in the Names of tanned Leatherformerly: That the Ttnners have never tanned with any thing but Oak Bark ever since be has known the Trade: That the different

1 zMethods

178 3’ Mail J. *738.;

law* re. Methods of railing leather makes tio DistittftioU in the can apply each Part of the Offal to difiitift Purposes; spefting tan* Denomination: And that it is notcnlled tanned Leather and that he has cut 1000 Hides into Clogs, aed Leather. -jj| jt jstaken out of the Vats, but a green Hide or Pelt. That he forrnerly^ept 33 Men at Work in making Being further examined, he raid, That leather is raised Clogs, but is now obliged to reduce them to Ten j be* differently, with Lime, and Bye Flour; hut that the Co- cause Persons who work up ordinary Stuff, iu a very Jour is made with Oak Bark: And Ibch as is raised in unficilful manner, under-fell him, and have reduced his Lime is proper to be curried: That the Tanners fell their Prices:

Hides, feme whole, and some' Git down the Middle: That, if he was to buy from a Currier, he could not

That the whole Hides are called Butts, and those Git, buy to the same Advantage as if he bought a whole Backs t but that they seldom cut in less Pieces, for that Hide; all which mud beufed at onetime or other: it would not turn to Account in their Business. But that the Curriers cut Leather that is uncurried, as

Mr. Langtun, Tanner 40 Years, being examined, con- well as that which is curried, and fell it at an extrava-firmed so much of the Evidence of M r. Parker as relates gant Profit:

to the Leather reputed to be red tanned Leather: And That it is the Business of Master Shoemakers to cut lie added, That he never heard of any Diltinftion made Leather into Shapes, and that he keeps Men for that therein, till after the Disputes that happened between Purpose, and employs 162 Persons, from Eight to 70 the Curriers and Shoemakers. Years of Age, whom he mull discharge, if the Curriers

Mr. Daniel Ettderbjj, Tanner, said. That he has known continue to encroach upon the Shoemakers Trade, by the Trade 40 Years, and he confirmed the Evidence of cutting Leather; and they mult then go for Work to the Mr. Parker and Mr. Langton, with relation to Leather Curriers, it being his Opinion, that ibme of them cquld caller! red tanned Leather; and as to there being no not support themselves, nor be able to get Work, if not Leather of that Sort white: That Hides, proper for employed by him: And that, if he bought Leather Soles of Shoes, are raised with Meal, and those proper the Curriers, he could not employ so great a Number, for Upper Leathers with Lime; the first making it and the Price of his Goods must be enhanced, hard, the other foil: That red tanned Leather is that Being a Iked, Why the Shoemakers left off buying Sort of Leather which is sealed; and the Reafou why Leather at Leaden-hall Market

it is so called is, becaufeof its being tanned with Oak He said, he could give no Reason for it; That they Bark, and so described by the Act of Parliament: And might be (applied, with Hides and Pieces: That he has that the Bark of young Trees will make Leather whiter bought Necks and Bends from the Tanners; and the than old Bark. Curriers buy Shoulder Pieces, ao at a time.

Being a(ked, IfLimedidnotoccasion the Leather to Being farther examined, be said. That there are some fee red? lie said. It caused it to have a moresfoxy who, at setting up of Trade, buy from the Curriers; Colour. -That he had £.20 when he set up; and that he appre-

Being alked, If he fold his Leather in whole Hides or hended a Man could not begin so well with a less Sum.} Pieces'? he said. That the Tanners are better employed for to buy from the Curriers would rob him of his Pro-shan to otdf‘Leather: That, ifhe was to gain £.100 a fit; and the Witness said, he dealt Two Years with a Year to come into that Method, he would not alter his Currier, who tookTIueeFarthingsa Poundextraordinary

Course of Trade: - Profit; which, in the Ten Hides a Week that he used,

' ' That he fells to the Curriers, Shoemakers, and Lea- amounted to 15.V.: That the Curriers round their Skins ther-cutters: And being alked, If any fmalier Pieces before they curry them; and, in a Skin of about ^s. Va-Yhan if Hide were brought to Market? he said, That, lue,they have about 9 fordrefling and waxing: since Suits had been commenced hgainli the Curriers by That he works in every Branch of the Shoemakers the Shoemakers, some Pieces were brought out of the Trade, except in Boots and Childrens first Shoes; and Country on Purpose to support those Suits.; and some that it is the common Practice for those who make of them were produced in Court, to ihew that Pieces Mens Shoes to Work up a whole Hide, were cut by the Tanners. Being alked, Whether Mens Shoes, made by those

Being alked, If the Tanners in the Country do not fell who use whole Hides, would not be worse than those Leather in Pieces? he said. There was one, Place in who used only particular Parts

Yorkshire where the Tanners cut them into Bends; but He said, That he who worked up Pieces would make that it is not the general Practice so to do, or to curry the belt Shoes: That a whole Hide may be worked up Sole Leather; but there are Curriers who cut Leather intoilrong and flight Mens Shoes: That the offal Lea-Mn the Country; He said further, That above Half the tlier is capable of being converted into Shoes fit for Gen-Quantity of Leather which is raised in Lime, and called tlemen, as well as the ItrotigSort: Aud that every Hide Upper Leather, is converted into Soles. may be worked up, if properly applied:

Mr. Richard Godfrey< Plumber, said. That, in his That he buysOfful sometimes from the Sadlers, Cur-

Trade, they use the prime Pact of the Hide;:and that riers, and Shoemakers: And that he always ;bought -he always buys of the Curriers and Leather-cutters Pieces cheapest of the Shoemakers.

:Out to the Size of a Pair of Mens Soles: Thdtjt would Being alked. If there was any thing to hinder them ‘be a Detriment to Persons in iris Trade to buy whole from buying Hides?

Hides; for that the spongy Pacts are not fit for their He said. That lie has met Tanners Carts with Leather, Use:- That, during all the time he has been in Trade, and hath seen them emptied at Leather-cutters Doors, Jwbtefeis Years, hie hath bought such Pieces of the on Days when there hath been no Market: That he "Crtfrieftj but that he uses. but to the Value of or £.5. has gone to Market, and could not look at Leather for a Year in his Business. some time: That the Tanners, give the Curriers the Pre-

rMV. Thomas Date kins, Founder, said. That in his ference,because they buy the greatest Quantities: Trade,-they use the heft Sort of Sole ILeather, which lie That the Difference in the Price of Leather, bought buys in square Pieces from the Curriers and Leather- from the Curfiers aftd in Hides, is about Three Farthings cutters: And that, if he was to buy a whole Hide, he a Pound, and about.22^. in a Hide of 30 Pound Weight:

-fl’ould not know what to do with this remaining Part be That the YVages of cutting a Hide is 3

did not use: > Being alked, IftbeCurriers cut Leather when he first

That he could not tell what Quantity he uses in a began Trade

Year; but that lie buys to the Value of about or 5 He said. He believed they did; and that they are now at a time, as he wnnts it. greatly increased: That there are a great many Shoe-

The following YYilnesses were examined on the Part of makers who buy Leather in Pieces, and cannot afford to the- Petitioners, the Cordwainers of London; viz. buy a whole Hide; and there are different Brandies in Mr. Christopher Ove/t, Shoemaker and Clog-maker, the Shoemakers Trade, some working for men, some iri

said,* That he uses whole Hides in his business, which he Boots, some for Women, and some for Children; but hath!always bought at Leaden-hall Market; and that he that those who make Womens Silk Shoes cannot use a I*'-’ ' a. whole


11 Geo. II. 3d Mail.if$

Whole Hide t Arid he said filrlli^r, Thit, if the Gurriers were not allowed the Liberty of cutting Leather, many Shoemakers, that are now Mailers, would be Journeymen.

Being alked, What occafidns the Advance of Price in Shoes?

He said, the Journeymen have greater Wages than formerly; and Gen t lemen are more curious in thfeir Work: That the Reason of reducing the Hands in his own Bu-finess was owing (besides a general Deadness of Trade) to the Leather-cutters cutting Leather; and that fewer Shoes are not wore now, but the Exportation is less, Samuel Randall, Leather Clog-maker, said, That)when he Grit set up his Trade, he bought both of the Curriers and Leather-cutters, for about Half a Year; but that, upon observing several Shoemakers, who bought of the Leather-cutters, fail in their Business, ire concluded, it was owing to that Cause; and therefore lie bought at Leaden-hall Market; and found it cheaper,' had more advantageous; for that the same Quantity of Leather,which nfed to coll him -jd. he (by Means of buying Necks and having them curried) buys now for 1 or id. leis:

That the chief Branch of the BuGneis of a M after Shoe-maker is to cut out Shoes lor his Journeymen; and it requires great Skill to know how to cut Hides:

That the Curriers cut Leather in the same Shapes as the Shoemakers and Clog-makers, and fell it dear to the poor Shoemakers, at an advanced Price of 3 or 4^ a Hide.

Being alked, Whether those who bought Leather in whole Hides, fold their Goods cheaper than those who bought in Pieces? He said, They could do the Publick more Justice.

Being alked, If Shoes would be cheaper if the Trade was confined r He said, In his Opinion, they would be belter: That, he apprehends, it is not lor the Benefit of the Poor to.bny Leather in iiriall Pieces any-wfeerefbut from the 7’aimers; which Pieces have been sold at Leaden-hall-, but not Piece* of Skins: That aPerson may stock a Shop better and cheaper with Clogs, by 1 buying of whole Hides, than lie can of the Leather-cutters: That the Reason why People buy of the Leather-cutters is, because they have never tried the Market; And he said, Tanners would cut Leather, if the Gurriers did;not. r

Being alked, if there were not a great Number in tbif Trade who were not able t6 buy Hides

He said, There were feme; but that they might buy Pieces for Soles from the Tanners, and curried Wares from the Curriers.

l ie was then alked, How they could.buy.in Pieces,if the Curriers were not allowed to cut ? -

l ie aufwered, They might cut and fell Skins in: Pieces before they were curried, but not afterwards: He laid farther. That he hath been brow-beat it Leaden-hall Market, and was not termed by the Tanners with the fume Respect the Curriers were; and! that he hath offered to buy Hides, and hath been refused.

And he added. That he cuts the Necks off the Skins when he fends them to be curried: And beijftg alked, I? the Curriers, ever refused to curry Leather? He said i That a Currier once refused to curry a Skin for him; which he carried to another, who refused it likewise; but, upon bringing it back to the former, be curried U for him: That lie never loft a Day's W,o#;k,by the Cnr-xiers Neglect or Refdfal to curry <(iis Skin*/ < . n )

Mr. John Avery, Patten-maker, said. That he had fob |owed the Trade 20 or 30 Years, and hath, left it..off 12 Years: And he confirmed the Evidence of Mr. dull, us to his being able to work,.up whole Hides in his Business, and the Advautage there is in buying them at Leaden-hall preferable to the buying of Pieces from the Curriers.

Being alked, If Leather was not to be sold in Pieces, whether so many Persons could be able to set up Trade without a Stock

lie aufwered, That a Man might work Journey-work till ffe got a Stock; and would get more Money by VUL.

respcttin

tanned

Leatberr

that means, than by fettibg up for* hiriifelf, and dealing Law* -with the Leather-cutters:

That he hath cut out Toes for Clog9, and Ibid them to others of his Trade* to nail on wooden Clogs and Pattens: But that he looked upon it as a Right belonging to his Business.

Mr. James Staunton, Maker Of Blaeksmiths fellows $1 Years, said. That he always bought his Leather at Leaden-hall Market, in whole Hides: But that he never ul’es less than a whole Skin at a time: That it may be convenient for those, who make l’mall Bellows, to buy Pieces from the Curriers and Leather-cutters; but not for those who make the large Sort: That he deals with the Curriers only for the currying of hi* leather;

Robert Alien, Currier; said. That he had known that Trade 40 Years; and it may be exercised without cutting Leather into Parts or Shapes; which, b? said, nd Currier has a Right to do; neither he* nor his Mailer* of whom lie learnt jiis Trade, having ever cot Leather iu that manner: That he never know any Apprentice bound to a Currier, to learn to cut Leather: And that he takes the made Ware of a Currier to be Skins drefi’ed into Leather:

That the Number of Curriers in and about London are about 63.or 70, the major Part of whom-cut Leather.

Being questioned as to one he said. He had

served his Time with him the Witness: That he had not been turned over to any other Person; and he npw fob lowed t h$ Business of a Currier and Leather cutter.

Being alked. How long the- Curriers have cut Leather ? he said, Near 50 Years.

Mr. JVm. AmbroJe, Currier, said. He had known the Trade 25 Years: That he learnt to curry Leather; but that, in the latter Part of the time of his Apprenticeship, his Mailer caone into the Practice of cutting Leather into Shapes: :r.

That the Business of a Currier.is, to take Leather from the Taiinfera,bud chefs it, fit for the Use of other Trades; which may be done after it is cut s

That the Curriers cut Sole and other Leather, in the same manner as the Shoemakers cut for their. Journeyman; but that it cannot be made into Shoes wit hout Alteration; And he does not apprehend it requires any great Skill to cut a square Piece of Leather:

That there are about a Dozen or 20 of the Curriers, who get their Livelihood by carrying Leather only; feme of whom work for particular Trades, who make use of it; but that he never knew any Sole Leather curried.

Being alked. If any Inconveniency would arise from the Curriers being reltrained in the cutting of Leather

He said. He apprehended their cutting was an In* fringement of other Trades.

Upon farther Examination, he said, That his Mailer, used to cutTyes (or Clogs and Pattens: That he knows nothing to interrupt hiip from doing the fame, the Patten-makers not disapproving of it, but thinking it a Convenience: That he has.seen his Mailer ent Leather by, Patterns; which he took to be. au Infringement of other Trades. >;

Being alked the Question, he laid. He does not curry for Sale* ,

Robert Careless, Bellows-maker, said, That he had followed that Business 19 Years: That he make? Bellows of all Sizes, and buys his Leather fpmetimes at leaden-hall Market, and sometimes, Skins, Pieces and Bellies of Hides, from the Curriers, and sometimes out of the Country & but that he generally buys cheapest at Murketi That he can make use of a whole Hide in his Trade: And, he find* l ie once had Occasion to buy a Piece of a particular Skin from aCurrier, and he pa(d very ucar the Price of the whole Skin lor it: That he looks upon it, to be aSort of at; idle Dependence, and no Conveniency at, all, lor People in his-Way of Trade to buy Pieces of the Leather-cutters: But that sometimes the Curriers, wheu theyiare overstocked, w ill fell them cheap:

That lie has bought Dozens of the Bellies of Hides from Birmingham-, which he apprehended, were cut

before

i8o $.6 Matt.- 1738.

r«-‘ng tan* Leather.

before tb<ey were curried; but he ffioufd not have bought them, had they been cut into Shapes-fit-for Bellows.

Mr. Wm. Smithy Mailer Shoemaker, laid. That he had

known that Trade 25 Years, and formerly bonght Hides of the Curriers *, but now he buys them toLeaden-hatl Market, andean work up every Part of tlieril that, is Capable1 of being manufodhired: That, he apprehend^, it Caiirvot be convenient to deal with! the Curriers,by reason they are well paid for cutting owt; and it must make thh Wares dCafer; though aPerfoft, as lie said, may buy Stuff, and fell it as cheap as those who buy at Leaden* hall; but? his Wares wilt not be of equal Goodness.

Benig diked,- What was the Business of the Maftet Shoemaker?

He laid; TheCutting and contriving of Leather: That the Ce’is an Art in cutting it, and it is the Mystery of the Matter: Tltat it requires Skill in placing the Quarters of the Upper Leathers of Shoes, and to cut the Hide properly: And he produced to the Committee Two*Parcels of'SoIes and Upper Leathers, one cut by htmfelf and the other by the Curriers, to shew that there Was no Ditto-fence in the Shapes: And he said, He cut oat aH his Leather for his Journeymen in the like manner; and that ft Was the geftetal Pra6tice of theotlier MasterShoemakers; but’that- those Soles must be Ihaped afterwards, and' the 1'ppei* leathers niuft be rounded, they not being cut in the1 minuted Shape; and that there are but few Slroe-rriakef-s that can cut them- out as they fhooldbe.

Beltlg* alked, As to the Advantage of btly-iftg Hides; preferAfefe to Pieces, freriVthe Curriers

He said. That a Currier can afford to give 12 a Polind fot a BUtt,-fhrtt weighs 80 Pound; which1 is more tfiatvfKe Shoemakers ean: That, when he cots this Butt, he setts 20 Pound of the prime Part at 4s. a Pound, id Potmdsr of another Part at- is.&d. a |found, and 50 Pound of another Part at 6d.a Poumf: And he laid, That the*P?eee of Sdle Leather he produce#, cut by:the Cuvier, weighed hut a Pbuhd Obd-tb^ Eighth Fart of ah Ounce, and liegaye 4.9. Jbf1 it: That he realty- believed the Curriers grit 3'iw. Profit oiit-df many Butts of Leather; attd that the Offal of the Rounding of their Skins rsfomMSmes Worth 3s.and' they do not took on that -into fherr Priffit. 1 'j"-r 1 ;,i:/ ' 1

Being anidd; Whit‘they wotild get in'20 orgo Hidd^ one with another? ' " '; - -n ;:

He fold, Thdt hr forte HideS’their Profit is not above ^t.^-That he bdieveS it May be 49I hi* a-Butt of about 409. Pfide btrt thiat he catinot form any1 Judgment what theft gdiferki Profit mayartibunt toupofi aft the Leather they btff'y enty, that he believes, That in! cutting Sole L^adier they Make £0 par'Cent. '

Beingfurther examined, hefoid, Thal Shoemakers who deid fOr ffides, -have the1 Profit of the Curriers to them-fiddle knoWs of -nothing to!reftmdA them froht buying^*niahyHktes-'aS they'tiiiiik pro^r:

That f HC SlioCfe he chiCfly^makes -are for Gentlettien; hWPfifttcrioWs of tio-Persons who iVofk-for them fihgfy^ Thatthe Bell, tire ‘Middling,- and the worst Sort of Shoes may be made out of one Hide; and that heoifes-a Whole Hidbi exCepFPart of the Keck, in Gentlemens Shods.

He was alked. How the poor Shoemakers could supply thcJnfelVes, if the Glirriers did n6t cut Leather

‘‘ ’ HdVaid, They may be Supplied with Pieces at -

}iaUMarket of qd. or \6d. Value, the Witness having

bought Pieces there, for Soles of Shoes} of 14 or l jt/t Pribe; and thete are GuCriers, who'HviftciirVy Piecefcfti for TTp(perJ'PJpatbers,'aftdr they‘are Cut and- that there arc Ski ns-lor WothensSlioes, to bfe fold for 19. each: So that a lltmrheynidn Shoemaker, with a mere TrifleV may carry ondiis Trade,’or he may buy Bends for Half aDol'eii PidrbfSbles, which the Witiiefs has feeh bought of TaiihCrsin the Country-: That the Curriers-cutting leather is pfgjtidicial; but,'if the T^mver wasto cut, it would bb blrte'ficra IbecaVtfe,- theiij- it would be bought at the pirft Hand: But, hesaid, if ho Leather Wastdbb fold ii"i Pieces, young Beginners cOUld net be able to fot Up their Trade: ' 1

"I ,a

That, whet* he fivlf fefiij) in tj)ndon\ he dealt with the

Curriers; but that, in Two Years lime, be bought his Leather at Market, and found his Account in fodoing; but, at that time, hesaid, he did not want for Money: That he hath seen-Shoemakers bring Patterns to the Cur-riers, to have Leather cut; which, he apprehends, was an undoubted Infringement of the Shoemakers Trade; the Curriers bufinefo being only to curry Leather; by doing which they may get a Livelihood; and that their Number is greatly increased within these 25 Years, there being about 32 who cut Leather, and 12 or 13 who curry only.

Being alked, Whether Shoes are not dearer now than they were to or 15 Years ago ? and the Reason of it?

He said, That neither the Leather nor the Work were so dear formerly asat this time: Thatthe Leather-catters enhance the Price at Leaden-hall Market,by their dealing in Sole Leather; which, he apprehends, they have no Right to do: That, 10 Years ago, he never gave more than 9|-r/. a Pound for Hides, and now he gives 1 id.; but that the Sort of Upper Leathers,in which the Curriers likewise deal, hath been as cheap for Five or Six Years pall as before that time. As to the Dearness of Work, hesaid, That, when the Falliion of wearing those Shoes called double-channelled Pumps first prevailed, there were but few Hands that could make them, and the Price of making of them was 39. 6d. a Pair: That, now the Falliion and the Art is become more common, the Price is reduced to 39.: That the Wages for making common Shoes are advanced, though there are a greater Nuriiber of Hands than formerly, he now paying 22d. fdr the Work which he formerly could have done for 15 or j6d.: The Canfe whereof he- attributes to the Journeymen having an opportunity of buying Leaf her in Pieces: And that, those Shoes, which ltedold lor 10.9. 6d. cost 39. the Making, and 3 d.the ClolSng, and the Leather is worth about 69. yjrf.

Beingmlked, If the Increase in the Price of strong Leather was not ow ing to the present Falliion of the Shoes iidw wore ?; n ' mS

lie laid, 'Flint lie believed more of-that Sort is used in Shoes at present than he had everknown; but that the Tanners give the Curriers the Preference of buying it: That he hath wanted ftr&tig Leather for a Month together, and has laid out £.20 at a time with the Curriers, because lie could not get it at Market; and hath found i.t difficult to get Hides therefitfor his immediatePurpole: That he could not assign any particular Reason for this Scarcity; only, that he imagines it would be fold cheaper, if the Curriers did not buy Inch great Quantities: That they buy Leather not lit for- currying; and he hath known One Currier lay out £.200 in One Day: But I10 said, That he who buys Three or Four Hides cannot buy so Cheap as*he that buys Forty. 1

Being alked, What are the Prices that double-channelled Pumps are generally sold at?

Hesaid, The Price are from 89. to 109. 6d.; and the Value of the Leather worked was about 49. 6d. or 3»j

Being alked. Whether a poor Shoemaker, who buys Leather from the Curriers, may not serve Gentlemen as well, and get a Livelihood

lie said, He might; but that lie must content hinifelf with a lniall Profit.

He was-.the»-alked. What he knew concerning the Curriers having1 intimidated the Tanners from bringing Leather in Pieoes to Market ? And he said, That he had ieena Persony who broughtfPieces of Leather to Market, intimidated fosm fellifig those Pieces; and that a Person, whose Father is a Tantfer, said, This is a sorry Fellow, and, if he comes again;-we will toss him in a Blanket:’' And- though that Person was not actually assaulted, yet he desisted from coming.

Being alked. If it was frequent for Tanners to bring Pieoes of-Leather to Market, till after the Disputes tween the Shoemakers and Curriers

" H’e said, Kever but ohoe; but that he has gone to Market and looked at Hides, and offered to buy them;

— ‘dndj

ii Geo. II. 3° Mail. 181

and has been answered, That (hey were promised; but, if no Bargain was made with the Person to whom they were promised, the Witness should fee them next: And that lie-knew a Currier, who was a Leather-cutter, refuse to curry for the Shoemakers.

Mr. Roe, Master Shoemaker, said. That, while he lived in the Country, he bought Leather in Bends from the Tanners, and that he never saw the Curriers there fell Ids than a Skin: That he buys his-Leather in Town from the Leather-cutters: And he said. That the Journeymen Shoemakers might be fwpplied without them, if they took the same Method as they dp in the Country, it being the couflant Rule there, to buy Pieces from the Tapners, from is. 6d. to gs.: That the more. Hands i^eather goes through the dearer it will be; , but it would not be in the power of the Curriers to irapose ip their Prices of Leather, if they did not-buy great Quantities which they do not manufacture.;

Being alked, What he knew concerning the Curriers reffllMPgYo fell Pieces of -Leather?

Pie said. That, Six or Seven Years ago, he went to a Currier, to buy a Piece of strong Leather; which, was re-ipfed thecapfe he would not buy, at the same time, other Parts, which he did not want; and he came away with-opt it: That another time he offered to buy a Pair of Upper, Leathers, and was refused them, unless he would Lake the remaining Parts belonging to a Pair of Shoes.

- Mr.* Clements, Cordwainer, said, That he had known that Trade 40 Years: That he buys his Leather in Butts, at Ixaden-hall. M arket; but has lometipies been deceived in them: That be can work up every Part of a whole Hide: That it is the Business of a Mailer Shoemaker to cut out Leather fit for his Customers;, but the Curriers cut Leather in the same Shapes; which, he apprehends, very much incroaches upon the Trade of the Shoemaker.

Being alked. If there was any Necessity for the Curriers to cut Leather in Pieces

He said. That an industrious Man need not be supplied from them; that he may find Methods of carrying on his Business otherways.

Being asked, Where l'uch a Man must go to be supplied

He said, That, whenhe firftfet up, his Master trufled him with Stuff for Two or Three Pair of Shoes, till such time as lie could conveniently pay him; which he elleemed a Favour; and such as had Friends might have it; but those that were poor,would always continuefo, if they dealt with the Curriers.

Being asked, If the Curriers had cut Leather during all the Time he had been in Trade

lie said. That when he first began he did not know of any who did, except Two, whose Places of Abode he mentioned; and that they did not cut in the Manner practised at present, but after the Leather was curried: And that he takes it to be no Part of the Curriers My-llery to cut Leather.

Being asked, If Pieces of Hides can be bought at Leaden-hall Market

He said, He hath not seen any, except Peats, Tails, and Hides that were damaged; but that formerly small Pieces were brought to Market by the Tanners, much more frequent than now; and that it was very rare not to fee some every Market-day; ,

And that he never saw any Pieces’of Skins there; but that whole Skins may be bought, from to los. 6d.; And he cannot think it any Advantage to the Shoemaker to buy them cut, only as it suits his Stock of Mo-.ney: That some Shoemakers,. who keep Shops, buy leather of the Curriers; but those who work in Garrets have the Advantage of Shopkeepers.

He was asked. Whether the Number of Master Shoemakers were not increased; and "whether Shoes were . not dearer now than formerly?

He said. That there are more Shops than when he " first knew the Trade: That Leather is not so cheap, and that Wages are higher: That he now gives zs. 3 for the same Work for which he formerly gave but ... Yoi* 23. '

A nd though there are now as great a Number of Journey-roen as formerly, yet they will Hand fiill, sooner than reduce, their Wages; andfomeof them can earn 195*. a Week.

That One Pair of some Sort of Shoes now made is better than Two or Three Pair made formerly: That the Work is different; and that which was done 40 Years ago, would now be condemned: And the Difference in the Price of Materials and Workmanship of a Pair of Shoes then, and now, is about 6d.:

That the Price of the bell Sort of Shoes is Half a Guinea: And he said. That once, being directed to make a particular Pair for a Gentleman, he bought the Soles for that Pair at the Leather-cutters^ wjiich cost him $s. 6d. and they were changed by the Workman, for a Pair much worse:

That the Reason he bought those Soles of the Cur-, riers, when he had a great Stock of Leather by him, was, because he did. not care to alk any Favoqr of the Shoemakers.

Being examined as to the Curriers detaining Goods which are given therp to curry; he iaid,'.lluit he lint ft carried Pieces to the Curriers, and hath had Five or Six, Dozen such Pieces in their Hands at a time, and, though the Law obliges them to curry them in 16 Days, yet ,lie looks upon himself to be mightily favoured, if he can get them back Nin a Month.

Being asked. If lie was ever refused Leather at Leaden-hall Market ?

He said, That when he has gone there to buy Leather, he has had spaqe Fleers caifl upon him, to put Inin put of Countenance: That he hath several times Teen Hides which he has wanted, and has been denied to view' them, and told they were promised; though the Persons, to whom they said they were promised, were not come to Market: And the Reason of this, he apprehends, was, because those Persons buy more frequently of the Tanners than he did:

That he has heard several Tanners say, They wished the Shoemakers would come and deal with them more frequently:

That Leather is chiefly bought by the Leather-cutters: but sometimes there are great demands by the Merchants.

Mr. John Sliaio, Master Shoemaker, said, That hie had known the Trade 40, and been a Mailer 28, Years: That the Business of the Master Shoemaker is, to cut to the Last, and the Upper. Leathers: That the Currier* cut Leather in the same Patterns; which, he apprehends, is breaking in upontheShoemakers Trade; for that they Svill suffer no Person to dress Leather, who is not free of their Company: That the Curriers likewifecut Iu-soles, Toe-linings, and for the Rands; and fell wooden Heels and Pegs: But he said, That the Patterns thdy cut must be rounded and shaped before theycan be made into Shoes:

That he hath seen Pieces of Leather sold at hall Market; One of which Pieces he produced; and he laid. That, in the Country, the poor Shoemakers are supplied with such by the Tanners.

Being alked, When he bought the Piece of Leather he produced ? He said. Sometime last Year; and that he never saw any of that Sort brought to Market, till within these Twelve Months:

That the Curriers,in Town fell fora very large Profit; which is starving, rather than serving, the poor Shoemakers: And that he does not apprehend, they have any Right to cut and fell Sole Leather.

He was then alked, Whether the cutting of Leather was not as much the Trade of the Bridle-cutter ana Sadler as the Shoemaker ? And he said. It was.

And being examined, How the poor Shoemakers must be supplied, if the Curriers were not to cut

He said, That, with about 20 or 25$. they might bur a Hide and a Skin in the Market, and cut them into their several Properties: f

That Skins may be bought front if* 6<f. to for.; and that One, of 35.6d. Price, will cost 6d. Dressing, and 3 Waxing, and will be proper to cut into Upper Leathers;

3 A or

Lavvsrefpe&-ing tanned Leather.

Latfs respeAing tanm'd Leather. 182 30 Ma^.1738. or they may boy Pieces from the Tanner, for Soles, of lie was asked, If the Curriers had ever refused to fell \jd. and Pieces whole for Upper Leathers,oftheCurriers. him Leather ? And he laid, '1 hut he has offered to buy Being afkcd, Whether those Shoemakers who work Leather from the Leather-cutters, 10 the Value of 20 or in Garrets cannot afford to fell for less Profit, and give go.v. and has been refused it; because he would not buy more for their Leather than those who keeji Shops; and along with it other Parts which he did not want, whether the Shoes they fold were not as good, and as1 I Ic wasaiked. How longthe Curriers had cut Leather? cheap, as those fold io Shops? He said, That, lince he has lived in the Lea* He ’said, They might give more for their Leather, and ther-cut»ers have exercised that Trade; but not in the afford to fell as cheap; and that fometifnes they could manner they do at present: What they chiefly cut then, fell'Shoes better and cheaper, by changing their Maf- were Clog-makers Soles; and Skins they ouiy cut inters Leather for worse, which they buy from the Leather- Three or Four Pieces cutters; but that their Selling was fheRuitt of those who That, after L< ather is cut in Pieces,it may be curried; keep Shops: ‘ but at more Labour and Expence than if it was whole: That the Number of Matter Shoemakers, he said, That the I)i fad vantage anting to the Shoemakers, is, were about 6 or 700 upon the Booths of the Cordwainer's from the Currieis felling Leather which they do not Company; of which Company, he said, he was a Free- manufacture; and that, if the Curriers were not to cut, man; 1 the Tanners would; but not in so small Pieces. That there are great Numbers of Shoemakers who Being asked. If he imagined a'Fanner would fell work in Garrets, and some of them good Workmeu; Leather as cheap in Pieces as in whole Hides? who, if they were not employed as Mailers, they mull He said, lie would be paid for Cutting: but that he then work Journey-work; add would get more Money , does not apprehend the la ner has any KigfcV to cut in that Station) than by buying Leather from the Cur- Pieces after the Hide is tanned, or that either lie, or the riere, and working for themselves; fume being able to Currier, have any Right to Cut in Shapes, according to earn 15s. and others i8r. a Week: ’ the Patterns of the Shoemakers. That the Number of Journeymen now employed are Mr. Cooper Shoemaker for Women, gave Evidence decreased, for the above-mentioned Reasons; which he of the like Nature as the preceding Witness, with rela-apprehends to' be the Cause of raising their Wages; but tion to the Advantage there is in buying Hidesat Mar-t hat-the Price of Shoes is not enhanced through their kef; which, he said, he could w'ork up in Women’s Means: Shoes; and how far, in his Opinion, the Curriers cut-That it would be bett,er for Trade, if none but the ling Leather in Shapes, which he conceives to be detri-Shoemakers were to cut.Leather; and if every Perfott mental to the Shoemakers Trade, is an Incroachment dealing in Leather was to curry for'himself. upon that Trade; and also which way the poor Shoe-Being asked, How long the Cutting of Leather had maker may he supplied with Leather, without buying been practised by the Curriers ? it from the Currier. He laid, Ever fmee he had lived in London, which i$ And he said further, That if he was to buy the Leather 30 Years; but that they did not then cut so much asthey he uses in that manner, those Shoes, which he lells for do now; and formerly they only cut a-cross the Skins: 2*. a Pair, would Hand him in 2r. 1 id.: That tltc And their felling it dear to the poor Shoemakers, he Leather worked up into them, which, as he now buys it, compared to Persons making use of Pawnbrokers in their Hands him in about ir. would coll 14c?. if bought, of the Necessity; for that those that are poor, and deal with Currier: And that he deals for about or 700 a Year, them, must, in all Probability, continue so; and, if the Being asked, How much Cent, a Shoemaker, who Curriers perlifl in felling Leather as they now do, it will, worked in a Garret, would get ? in a little time, put an End to the Shoemakers keeping He said, A poor Man might go to the Curriers, and any Shops, and they must be subservient to the Curriers, make Shoes, and get about 9 Cent. Being farther examined, he said. That there are Five Mr. Mailer Shoemaker, laid. That he hath different Pieces in the Upper Leather of a Shoe, and that known that Trade 35 Years t That he once bought from the Currier can curry each Piece; after it is cut out: the Currier 100 or 2oo Pieces of Leather, cut for Soles, That, at present. Journeymen have Opportunities to by the Pound; some whereof were marked to be sold, commit Frauds;' and he has had Soles, Of 3s1. Value, by the Piece, at 5 and the other were marked as Offal, changed, for others very much inferior to them: such as is made into Shoes sent abroad, and fold for That, if the Curriers were retrained from buying 3.?. 6d. a Pair: That he has givCfl after the Rate of Sole Leather, he apprehends the Shoemakers would pur- 1 jd. or 18 of a Pound, by the Hundred Weight, and chafe their Leather cheaper than at present; the buying has taken out Two or Three Pieces that were marked it at the First befog preferable to buying it at the Second at 4 a Pair (as his Servant, who understood those Hand. Marks, informed him); and that he hath weighed them John Cadwall, Master Shoemaker, said, That he has in a Scale, and never met with a Piece that weighed a known the Trade 30 Years: That he makes Men, Wo- Pound; but that he only bought his Leather in that men, and Childrens Shoes, and good, bad, and indifferent manner, when the Leather-cutter had a fnperfluons Sorts of Shoes, out of One Hide: , Stock of that Sort he wanted. Tlhat he buys his Hides cheapest at Leaden-hall Mar- And being asked, What Prejudice the Shoemakers ket; but has gone thither, and could not belerved; and fuller by the Curriers cutting Leather into Shapes? was obliged to go to the Leather-cutters, by reason of He said, the material Injury was, that those who work-Khe Necessity of carrying on his Business; and that he ed in Garrets had an Opportunity of going to Market, has seen Leather, which be wanted, bought up by a and to buy what did them no good, and the MalterShoe-Cumer wh6 could no-ways manufacture it; and he has makers a Prejudice: And he said likewise, The Curriers come away without; and that he buys his Upper make a considerable Profit by the Sale of their Leather; Leathers from the Curriers atthis time. and the ConsequenceoftheirpurfuingthatBufinefswould That he takes the made Ware of 0 Currier to be the be, the enhancing the Price of it, ruining the Siioema-Leather which they cut and dress, and which they may kers Trade, and obliging them to labour under D ffi-lawfully fell, iflheycut it before they dress it; but what culties, in having tlHr Leather curried by the Currier, they cut afterwards Is an Infringement of the Shoeuia- And, being dire cted to declare what lie knew conkers Trade. cerning Leather being monopolized; ' And he gave the same Evidence with Mr. Shaw, con- He said. That when he hath w-mted fir ng Butts, he cerning the poor Shoemakers being supplied with Lea- hath applied for them at Market, and hath oeen difap-flier, without buying of the Curriers, and the unnecessary pointed, by reason of the Curriers buying Quantities of Expence occasiofted by Sole Leather going through their that Leather: That he never cuts out above Six or Seven Hands. _ ! Butts; and never knew any of his 1 rade that bought lii more

11 Geo. II. 30 Mail.

more than they manufactured; but the Leather-cutters buy enough for ao or 30 Matter Shoemakers: That he very lately asked the Price of a Parcel of Leather, and was toh! there were Two Parcels to be sold; and unless he took b >th, he could not have any: That the Tanner had his Eye at that time upon a Leather-cutter, who dealt for larger Quantities than what the Witness uses.

Being asked, Whether the same Quantities would be bought, if the Curriers were not to buy?

He said. In a general Character they would; but that lie had been disappointed at Market of the Sort he wanted: And that there is not enough fold, to answer all the Demands; and therefore many buy from the Curpiers for that Reason.

Samuel Morgan, Matter Shoemaker, said. That he had known the Trade 34 Years ? That, when he cannot be supplied with Leather at Leaden-hpll, he buys from the JLeather-cutters, who are very much increased of late Years, to what they were when he first beganTrade; for at that time, he said, a Person might have bought what Was good at a reasonable Price; but it was otheryvifenow:

That the Number of Curriers are at present upwards of ,r,b, and the mtijor Part of them cut Leather, and the other are Drefiing Curriers.

Being asked, Whether they sold as cheap now, as formerly?

He made anfyver. That had npt the Shoemakers h^n touched in that sensible Part, of buying their Soles very dear, they would not have had any occasion of Complaint:

That, he apprehends, the Curriers cutting of Leather is no Part of their Trade; but that it interferes with the Trade of the Shoemaker; because they have the Profit the Shoemaker would other wise have: That, he believes, 30 Years ago they did not cut in Shapes; and, if they continue in that Practice, it will, as he apprehends, in-Crease the Price of Leather, and enable them to engross it to themselves.

Being asked. If it required any Skill to cut Leather

He laud. No more than what any one might learn, there being no great Difficulty in cutting by a Pattern; but that the Mystery of the Shoemaker is, to fit the Foot.

And he added further. That if a Currier turns Leather-cutter, he does not by that means become a Shoemaker: That the moil substantial of them are Leather-cutters: That their Numbers are of late increased; andf if they are allowed to go on, those who are now Dressing Curriers, will turn Leather-cutters likewise; and then the Shoemakers will have no-where,to go to have their Leather dressed.

Being asked, If he had been ever refused the having Leather from the Currier ?

He said, That he once went to a Currier, and fixed, upon a Parcel of Boot-legs, which is their made Ware; but was told, That, unleis he would take the Remainder of the Parcel, he could not have them:

That he asked the Currier, If a poor Shoemaker had wanted a Angle Pair, whether lie muff not have had them without buying the whole Parcel ? But lie gave him no Answer; but perftfted in his Refusal: And the Witness went away without them.

He was then directed to relate what happened concerning his employing a Currier who was not free of that Company: And

He said, That, sometime after he had so done, the Rafter and Assistants of that Company sent their Beadle for him.; and when he came to them, they told him, lie bad transgressed an Act of Parliament; to which he made aaftver, that he was ignorant of it, and did not know, bht that the Person he had employed, had a good Right, he having served Seven Years to the Trade; but they were not latisfted with his Answer; but threatened tp fye him4 and he gave Two Guineas to make it up.

He was a^ked. Whether he ever found aDyJ}iiiiqulty so biyring at Leaden-hail Market

Vol. 2g.

And he said. That he once saw a Parcel of Butts there L»w»respea-which lulled his Purpose; that he waited till the Owner came; and that another Person flood by him, to whom Leather-the Tanner went, and they agreed:

That, upon the Witness’s offering to buy them, the other Person said, I can afford to give as good aPrice " as you can."

He said further. That there is another Catifc which occaffons the Dearness of Leather; and that is the Number of Factors which the Country Tanners send to, and who have Letters of Advice, which they expose to the Dealers; and those Dealers, by having the first Sight of them, have an Opportunity of the Refusal:

That if the Country Tanners were to come to Town, the Shoemakers would have more frequent Opportunities of buying, than when the Tanners send to their Factors; for that, now, if they do not like the Price offered, they put their Goods into Warehouses; but otherwise the Tanners would he obliged to fell, because of the Expence of travelling; and it would then be their Interest* to fell at any Price they could get.

Being asked. Whether, if the Tanners were to cut Leather, they would not make the same Profit that the Leathe r-cutters do at present? He fgid. They would make some Profit; but, with regard to the poor Shoemakers being better served than by t.be Curriers, he said, it might be the same as to that.

Being asked. How the poor Shoemakers must get their Bread, if the Curriers were not allowed to cut Leather?

He said. He looked upon it, that the Shoemaker was hardly worthy to be called a Master, who could not purchase a Skin; with which he may be supplied at difirrent Prices, from is. 6d. to Ten Shillings, and with Sole Leather for 18 d.

Being asked, If it was not a Mystery to cut to the Last?

He said. That the Mystery was in fitting the Last tq the Foot, and afterwards cutting to that Last.

And lie added. That it was necessary, that those Shoemakers, who work for Sale, should have larger Stocks^ than those wfio make Shoes bespoke.

Mr. 'Sharp, Shoemaker, said, That the Master Part of that Trade is, to cut Leather, and fit it to the Last; and that he was Five Years in his Apprenticeship, before he was put to that Branch of his Business.

Being asked, If he had ever been refused to have his Leat her curried by the Currier

He said. That he carried Leather to Two Curriers, who said. That they never curried any but for themselves: That this was 12 or 14 Years ago.

Mr. John Carpenter, Leather-feller, said, That he remembered, that the Curriers did not cut Leather 39 Years ago, except for the Bridle-cutters: That therewere not above Six or Eight Leather-cutters when he first came to his Trade:

That their cutting Leather is an Encroachment upon, and has been the Means of robbing the Leather-fellers of their Trade; for that he used to fell 100 Dozens of Skins formerly, where he does not fell a Dozen now:

That the Number of Curriers in London are about 59 or 60; of whom there are several that do not cut Leather;

Tha*> when they first began to cut Leather, it was only a Skip they cut in Four Parts, and not Upper Leathers and Soles, in the manner they do at present; but they cut Hides into 20 or 40 Pieces, and they were pot interrupted iu doing it at that time.

And lie gave further Evidence of the same Purport with some of the other Witnesses, who spoke with relation to the Shoemakers being supplied with Parcels of Leather, without buying of the Curriers; and how those in the Country are supplied; and as to Pieces of Leather being fometitnesbought in London from the Tanners; and

also with regard to the Profit the Curriers make in some

Articles

184

3* Ma

A. 1738;

l.aiv*iffpccU Articles wherein the Shoemakers deal with them, ‘and ing taunt d their Encroachment upon other Trades in their Cutting Leather. 0| leather.

Being alked the Question; he said, That the Curriers formerly cut for the Bi idle-cutters, Sadlers, and Collar-makers; bttt that, with respect to those Trades, it is not to be underitood, as interfering with them, because the Bridle cutters cannot cut, nor th Sadlers cannot curry, for themselves; and the Collar-makersufe AFlorn Leather.

He Laid further, That, in his Trade, he very rarely cuts Skips, except when a Man's Money runs short; and then he only flits thorp up the Middle.

James Xifs, Tanner 25 Years, being examined, as to’ the Diliinftions in tanned Leather,

Said, That red tanned Leather, is raised with Lime, then tanned with Oak Bark, and afterwards Tcowered with Urine; and that the Lime occasions the Redness: That tanned Leather, i$ raised with Meal, and is called raised Leather; and that it cannot be curried," or receive any Benefit from the Currier.

Being alked, If the Tanners cut Leather in Pieces ?. He said, That, in all Parts or the.Kingdom he is acquainted with, they cut Pieces from iv. to 20; but fhat it is not usual in London

That the Tanners, would cut, if others were not, to cut; and would fell without Extortion, only allowing themselves a small Profit for their Trouble; and that a Half-penny in a Pound Profit would pay them for cut-, ting; and the Leather would be equally aSgood tanned iu final! Pieces, as whole Hides:

That the Reason why Tanners do not cut at present ip, Uecause nobody buys of them, but are now furnished by the Leather-cutters.

Being further examined, he said. That he was formerly a.Mailer Tanner, but is not at present;

That it is convenient to the Shoemakers to buy in small Pieces; and that the filling Pieces,of whatever Value, is no Encroachment on their Trade, provided it is not cut into Shapes:

That the Curriers cutting Leather would no ways affest the Shoemakers in the’Country, at 40 or 100 Miles Elrftance; becafethey do not buy at Ijmdon Market.

And being further examined, he said, There is red tanued Leather, which is not dressed with Urine: That all leather, that is tanked with Oak Bark, is called by the Name of red tanned Leather; and Leather raised with Lime, and with Meal,are both tanned with Oak Bark, and are generally known by the Name of red tanned Leather.

Thomas Prentice said, That hq had followed the Trade of a Tanner about 30 Years; but that he had left it off Three Years, and now buys and fells Leather: And he gave the same Evidence as Mr., AV/y, with regard to the Preparations for railing Leather; but said,'That'such as is tanned well with Oak Bark, they call it Butt or Back: And his Evidence was the same as Mr. as to the Tanners being willing to tan Leather in small Pieces, provided the Leather-cutters were restrainedfrom cutting it; and the Advantage it would be to the poor Shoemakers; among the Number of whom, he said, not One iu Twenty can buy a whole Hide.

Being further examined, he said. He once fold 25 Butts for 8 d.a Pound, and took Earned for the Sale of the remaining Five; but the Person hot performing his Bargain, he hired a Shoemaker to cut them into Soles for gd. a. Butt; and that he got 20.r. more by the Sale of those Five, than the rest at 8 a Pound, though He fold each Piece for Three Ilalf-pence less than the Man had marked then: at.

And he further said. That he hath used Leaden-hall Market 30 Years, and hath seen Pieces brought thither w itliin thde Tu p or Three Years; and that he hath fold single Hides, but never fold Pieces:

That, about 20 Years ago, several Tanners used to expose Hides of 12 or 13'r. Value, for1 the poor Shoemakers to come and buy; but that now no fmgle Hides are fold, by reason they are bought up by the Leather-

cutters; who, he believes, buy Ten Hides to the Shoemakers One; but that they wfere not so much in vogue formerly as now.

Being alked, If Orders were sent to him for red tanued-' Leather, what Sort be would fend ? ’ . ' 1

He made Answer, That he would ft^id fuel) as wo? ’ raised with Lime; and, if for Sole Leather, that raffed ’ with Meal.

Mr, Aehley, Tanner, said, That he followed that Trade

ever iince 1707 at times; but not as a Mailer all the while: That he deals in both'felling and 'retailing Lea- ‘ ther; and lie carried his Goods to Market;

whort? the Tanners itlfulted him, and; threw their Goods upon Ins; and said, he deferred to bc'turned out of the"' I Jail, and tolled in a Blaiikfet, because he fold His Leather _ in that mannfer-; and he was obliged to leave the Market :; That, at another time, they set upon his iVife, and used her in the.lame mariner; \Vhieb occ'aiidiied him' to deiftfty That, if the Curriers wete'nofto cut Leather, he ibid, lie ffioidd follow that Business him'self, both td his oWn Ad-; vantage, and to the Advantage of the Purchasers; and7 that other Tanners would do the like.

Being alked, as to the Difference between tanned Leather, and red tanned Leather ?

He gave the same Evidence as theihli Witness, with regard to the different Preparations for raising of it; and* faiif That the Distinction arose from those Preparations; but that both Sorts are tanned with Oak Bark; and that the general Name of Leather tabued with Oak Bark, is: tanned Leather: That, was he to receive Orders to fend red tanned Leather, he should fend that prepared with Lime, and not raised Leather, which cannot be curried; and if tanned Leather only was mentioned, he should fend both Sorts; but that he never met with those Dif-tinctions in Orders he has received:

That Hides are so called, before they are completely fanned.

He said.further. That he is a CountryTanqer, and the First time Ire brought Pieces to Market, M*as lad Year: That he had heard of the Suits that w<?re depending between the Curriersand the Shoemakers; and heimagined he should find a Benefit by bringing Pieces to'fell; !atad that,he was put iamind of it by the Cordwainers. William Cotes, Journeyman Tanner* laid, That-the Meaning of the Distinction between red tanned Leather,1 and raised Leather, was from the Redness, which the Lime it is raised with gives it; but that it sometimes hap-' pened that Leather raised with Meal proves thereddeilj and that working the Lime out will make the Leather whiter; but not so rvhite as if it had never been in.

John Cotes, Tanner, likewise gave Evidence of the Tanners felling Leather in Pieces in the Country: And he said. That all Leather raised with Lime, which he has only dealt in, is called red tanned Leather; and all Leather tanned with Oak Bark, is called red tanned Leather' and Soles.:

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to thd following Resolutions:

Hefolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee! That all Leather-fellers, Curriers, Shoemakers, and 'all other Person and Persons, that do deal or work in Leather, may buy tanned Leather, and cut and fell the same in small Pieces. /

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee! That the Cutting and Selling of tanned Leather in small' Pieces, for the Use of the various Artificers working up the same into made Wares, is a great Convenience and Advantage to such Artificers, and a Benefit to the Pubi lick in general.

‘ Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee

That the House be moved.....to bring iq a Bill’tOr

obviate certain Doubts, which have arisen upon Ihe CjonA struction of the Act of the iff Year of the Reign of King William qnd Queen Man/, intituled, An Act for'explain-itfg Part of an Act, made in the Frrft Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather,-

" the

Jdtkr -

Fraud* in Gold and Silver Wares.

Encourage-ing the Growth p£ Coffee, &c.

Speen Mead Inclosure.

Bernard’s, Arc. Nat.

Sowton’s

Estate.

Dteping

Fens

Drainage.

11 Geo. II. 30 — 40 Mali.

The ill and 2d Resolution of the Committee being and Proprietors, of the Taxable Lahds.and the Owners severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question and Proprietors of the Free Lands, in Deeping Fens, severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. and other Fens, in the County of Lincoln, therein men-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a' Bill to tioned, to raise a competent Sum of Money, for the ef-> obviate certain Doubts, which have arisen upon the Con- feftual Draining, and future Preservation, of all the said struction of the Act of the First Year of the Reign of Fens, according to their Agreement in that behalf; and 'King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for to carry the said Agreement into Execution; was read explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the the Third time.

Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Lea- That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

ther: And that Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Alderman Perry,be, An Act to enable the Adventurers, Owners, and

Mr. Earle, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Proprietors, of the Taxable Lands, and the Owners and Bramfion, and Mr. Bayntun Rolf, do prepare, and bring Proprietors of the Free Lands, in Deeping Fens, and in, the fame. other Fens, in the County of Lincoln, therein mentioned,

to raise a competent Sum of Money, for the effectual The other Order of the Day being read; Draining, and future Preservation, of all the said Fens,

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven* according to their Agreement in that behalf; and to night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole carry the said Agreement into Execution; and for other House, upon the Bill for the better preventing of Frauds Purposes therein mentioned.

and Abuses in Gold and Silver Wares. Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue Two several Acts therein mentioned; One for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty’s Plantations in America; and the other for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Hooper have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to continueTwo several Acts therein mentioned; Encouraging One for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majes- the Growth ty’s Plantations in America; and the other for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America -, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

JoviS) 40 d Mali;

Anno n® Georgii II" Regis, 1738.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Lord Carnarvon, Mr. Thomas Arche?', Mr. Edward Harley, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Smelt, Mr Lockwood, Mr. Heron, Mr. Drummond, and

Sir Geo. Cafwall,be added to the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing the common Mead or Moor, called Speen Mead, or Speen Moor, in the County of Berks, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to naturalize Herman Bernard and John Bofquain, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hors-monden Turner, Sir Wm. Codrington, Sir James Grant, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Monson, Mr. Maule, Mr. Earle, Sir Roger Bradfhaigh, Mr. Longueville, Sir Nathanael Cur-xon, Sir Thomas Lowther, Sir Chr. Potcell, Mr. Hay, Mr. Biffe, Mr. Balle, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Sir Eyles, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Vere, Mr. Mr.

Olmius, Mr. Afldey, Sir Wm. Mr. Kinafon,

Sir Francis Child, Mr. Kent, Sir John Heathcote, Sir Robert Austen, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Parfojis, Sir Peachey, Mr: Hampden, Mr. Chqfi??, Mr. Mr.

Brereton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five, of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling John Sowton to make a Lease or Leases of certain Messuages and Tenements, and a Wharf therein mentioned, situate in the Parish of St. Andrew Wardrobe, in the City of London, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Adventurers, Owners,

Vol. 23.

An ingrossed Bill for the better enlightening the open Christ-Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts; and so.r wUirj,h,r the better regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles; «$, Jeeu,&c. within the Parish of Chrifi Church, in the County of Middlesex-, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better enlightening the open Places,

Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts; and for the better regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles; within the Parish of Chrifi Church, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Child do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for preventing the Importation of Importation Books reprinted abroad, that were originally printed in 0 Great Britain-, and for limiting the Prices of Books; was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill;

Press 2. L. 20. After the Word "the," and before the Word " Bishop," to insert " Lord

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, that were originally printed in Great Britain-, and for limiting the Prices of Books.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Fox do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Francis Child reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlejkr, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were

3 B anoa

St. Leonard,

Shored iteby Church*

Removing Disabilities of conforming Papifty &c.

Petition from a Person in Custody.

Bvde’s

Estate,

Duty on Smyrna Ramus.

186

4* Mail. A. 1738.

once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That. the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for explaining an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names, and real Estates; and for enlarging the Time for such Registering; and for securing Purchases- made by Protestants; and for securing the Estates of P'apifts who are, or shall, become Protestants, against the Disabilities created by several Acts of Parliament relating to Papists; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hay took the Chair of the Committees

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hay reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow, Morning.

A Petition of Mathias Symfon, Doctor in Divinity, now in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner is very sensible of his great Fault and Offence committed against this House; for which he is heartily sorry, and alks Pardon: And therefore expressing his Hope, That this House will take his same into a favourable Consideration, and extend its Lenity and Compassion to him, in such manner, as to this House shall seem meet.

A Motion was made, a,nd the Question being put. That Mathias Symfon, Doctor in Divinity, be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged out of Custody;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,< } . .4:

Tellers for the } 29.

So it wa9 resolved in the Affirmative.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas and Mr. Edwards:

- Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Mills, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Ware, and Great Amwell, in the County of Hertford, being Part of the Estate of Thomas Plummer Byde Esquire, an Infant, and comprised in his Grandfather’s Marriage Settlement, in the Governor and Com-

Sof the Nero River, brought from Chadicell and

to London, and their Successors; and for securing a perpetual Rent Charge, in lieu thereof, for the Benefit of the Persons claiming under the said Settlement: To which the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of several Merchants of the City of in the County of Devon, and others, concerned in the Trade to Spain and Italy, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and several others, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House the ill Consequence of passing into a Lhw the Bill, depending before this fjoufe; for' reducing, the

* 24

Rate now payable upon the Importation of Smyrna Rai-lins: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Confederation; and that they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon tft$

Table, until the said pill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Pay being read, for the Second River Lee Reading of the Bill for ascertaining, preferring, and Navigation, improving, the Navigation of the River Lee, from the Town of Hertford to the Town of Ware, in the County of Hertford: and for preserving and improving the said River, from the said Town of Ware to the City of London; and for enabling the Governor and Company of the New River the better to supply the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, with good and wholesome Water.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Month.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Duty on Reading of the Bill for reducing the Rate now payable Smvr«a upon the Importation of Smyrna Raisins;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Bill be read a Second time. Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yea} H- '

TellersfortheNoes|j}; |"ff;toi. } 37.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the prevention whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an of Inconve-Act, passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Year of the niences by Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for preventing any Inconveniencies that may happen by Privilege of Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pulteney took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pulteney reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Plumer have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Byde’* for veiling certain Mills, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Ware and Great Amwell, in the County of Hertford, being Part of the Estate of Thomas Plummer Byde Esquire, an Infant, and comprised in hi* Grandfather’s Marriage Settlement, in the Governor and Company of the Neio River, brought from Chadwell and Amwell to London, and their Successors; and for feour-ing a perpetual Rent Charge, in lieu thereof, for the Benefit of the Persons claiming under the said Settlement; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

11 Geo. II

5° Maii. 187

of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had

Veneris, 5* Maii;

Anno ii° Georgii II. Regis, 1738.

Prayers.

Spirit Duty r I ' H E House being informed, that Mr. Bowles, nndLicences. X Agent for the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, parfuant to their Order,

An Account of the Duties arising from home-made: Spirits; an Account of what Duties have been paid for foreign Spirits and Brandies imported; an Account of the Quantities of Spirits drawn from Com exported, with the Bounty or Drawback allowed thereon; all from Midsummer 1735 to Christmas 1737: As also.

An Account of whet Number of Licences were taken out, for retailing of Brandy, fife, under Two Gallons; an Account of the Number of Persons convicted for felling of Brandy, fife, under Two Gallons, with the Amount of the Money paid upon such Convictions; an Account of the Money paid to Informers againstPersons hawking spirituous Liquors about the Streets; all from Michaelmas 1736 to Christmas 1737.

And then he withdrew.

Ahd the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Earl of Mr. Pelham reported from the Committee, to whom

Burlington the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for and Corke’* veftjDg certain Lands and Hereditaments in the King-a e’ dom of Ireland, Part of the settled Estate of Richard Earl of Burlington and Corke, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, of greater Value, to the same Uses; was committed; That the Committee had examined and found, That the Orders of the House, concerning Notices to be given in Ireland, before any private Bill relating to Estates there be brought in, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as follows;, viz.

Press 24. L. 8. After " Corke," insert "and to all and " every Person and Persons, to whom, by the said Settleroent, made on or about the 4th Day of January 1687, " any Estate was or is limited, on Failure of Issue Male " of the said Richard Earl of Burlington and Corke, -in " all or any of the said Farms, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, mid, Premises, in the said Barony of " Kynalallon, now held by the said Arethusa Lady Dowager Clifford, for hpr Life."

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the , House.

Lord Mr. Shuttleworth reported from the Committee, to

Molyneux’s whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled. Portion*." An Act for explaining and amending a certain Trust and ,on*’ Power, contained in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Richard Lord Viscount Molyneux, of the Kingdom of Ireland, with Mary Lady Molyneux, his now Wife, for railing Portions for the Daughters, of the said Marriage; and for the better ascertaining, and more effectually securing, the said Portions; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations Vox. 23.

directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Lowiher and Mr. Harley Encouraging be added to the Gentlemen who were, on Tutfdny last, the making appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, upon the iron Resolutions, agreed to by the House, of the Committee' ng an to whom the Petitions of several Ironmongers, Mamt-fasturers in Iron, Merchants, and Ironmasters, fi were referred.

Mathias Symfon, Doctor in Divinity, was, according' a Person to Order, brought to the Bar; where he, upon his Knees, reprimanded received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker, and was order- and ed to be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees. charted<

Mr. Pulteney, according to Order, reported from the Prevention Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to ex- ofluconve-plain and amend an Act, passed in the Twelfth and Thir- pe."V'M b£ teenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, in- Parliament, tituled, An Act for preventing any Inconveniences that may happen by Privilege of Parliament, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed st. Leonard, in the Eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, inti- Shoreditch, tuled, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of St. Church.

Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of was

read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to explain and amend an Act, pasted in the Eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled.

An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of St. Leonard,

Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Child do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Ilorfemonden Turner reported from the Commit- Bernard1* tee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, &c. Nat. An Act to naturalize Hermand Bernard and John Bof-quain, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And be delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Encouraging to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hoafe, tb<‘ upon the Bill to continue Two several Acts therein men-

tinned, one for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty’s Plantations in America, and the other for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Tha

NaiftTf

Estate.

Syme’s

Estate.

Rmilege.

Removing Disabilities conforming Papists, *c.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the real and personal Estate of Hugh Naish Esquire, who was late a Prisoner in his Majesty’s Prison of the Fleet, and escaped out of the fame, in Trustees, for the Benefit of his Creditors: And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 4. L. 30 and 31. Leave out " iince the Time of " passing the said Act of Parliament for Relief oflnfolvent " Debtors;" and, instead thereof, insert " upon or iince " the 20th Day of June, in the Year of our Lord 1737 L. 35. After "Persons," insert " in the same " manner as if this Act had never been made, and in no " other manner whatsoever

Press 6. L. 28. Leave out from " Aft" to " and, " in the 3d Line of the next Press.

Pr. 7. L. 13. After "upon," insert "or:"

L. 31. After "Persons," insert "Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate

L. 33. After "Intereil," insert "or other-

wife

L. 34, After " Naish," insert " his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, and any Person or Persons " claiming, or to claim, by, from, or under, any Con-" veyance, Incumbrance, or Act, made, done, or suffered, by the said Hugh Naish, upon or iince the said " 20th Day of June, in the Year of our Lord 1737

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Laroche do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.


Sir Francis Child reported from the Committee, to whom the ingroifed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Guardian of Symes and Catherine

Symes, Infants, to join in making Leases of Lands, in the Counties of Somerset and Devon, with the other Owners thereof, during the Minority of the said Infants,; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given, their consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

- TheHouse being informed, that Peter Burrell Esquire, a Member of this House, had received Satisfaction, in relation to the Breach of Privilege complained of the 25th Day of April last;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

Mr. Hay, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for explaining an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names and real Estates; and for enlarging the Time for such Registering; and for securing Purchases made by Protestants; and for securing the Estates of Papists, who are, or shall, become Protestants, against the Disabilities created by several Acts of Parliament, relating to Papists; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered -the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon* hgreed to by the House.

A. 1738.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hay took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hay reported from the Committee, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Alderman Perry presented to the House, accord- unto, ing to Order, a Bill to impower the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the City of London, tofet the Price upon all Coals, commonly called Sea Coals, im-

sorted into the Port of London from Newcastle and the orts adjacent thereunto, for One Year: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for reducing the Rate now payable upon the Importation of Smyrna Raisins, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, Payment of to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Kent*, securing the Payment of Rents, and preventing Frauds by Tenants, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next,. Nine of the Clock.

., 'J>

Duty on Smyrna Raisins.

The House was moved, That the Sixth and Eighth Trade to Section of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign America, of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Trade of this Kingdom, by Cruizers and Convoys; and also the Second Section of an Act, made in the same Year, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Trade to America; might be read:

And the same were read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s British Subjects to America: And that Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Sandys, and the Lord Mayor of London, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Regulating That it be an Instruction to the Gentleman who is ap- the Price of pointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, to impower the Coal*. Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the City of London, to set the Price upon all Coals, commonly called Sea Coals, imported into the Port of London, from Nexccastle, and the Ports adjacent thereunto, for One Year, That-he do make Provision therein, for obliging such Persons, as have the Disposition of Sea Coals imported into the Port of London, to sell the same within a Time to be limited, after the Price shall be so set;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for tUe YeaS,[

Tellers for the Noes, IsmWi*: ,09-

So it passed in the Negative.

11 Geo. II.

8° Mail

189

Lunte 8° die Mail;

Anno 11# Georgii IIdi. Regis, 1738.

Prayers.

Lord A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Molyneux’* /\ for explaining and amending a certain Trull and Daughters Power, contained in the Settlement made on the Mar* onions. riage of Richard Lord Viscount , of the Kingdom tof Ireland, with Maiy Lady his now

Wife, for railing Portions for the Daughters of the said Marriage; and for the better ascertaining, and more effectually securing, the said Portions} was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame; without any Amendment.

Byde's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bit ate. for veiling certain Mills, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Ware, and Great in the County of Hertford, being Part of the Estate of Thomas Plummer

Hyde, Esquire, an Infant, and comprised in his Grandfather’s Marriage Settlement, in the Governor and Company of the New River, brought from Chadivell and Amtodl to London, and their Successors; and for securing a perpetual Rent Charge, in lieu thereof, for the Benefit taf the Personsclaiming under the 'fetid Settlement; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Richard Plumer, yir.Monson, Sir Thomas Clarke, Mr. Mr.

Jhrajfey, Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Walker, Mr. Wardour, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Longueville, Wm. Codrington, Lord Charles Cavendish, Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr. Brereton, Sir John HyndeColton, Mr. Hooper, Mr.

"Mri Ojbaldejton, Mr. Earle, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Turner, Sir WIleathcotc, Mr; Mr.

Whitworth, Sir Nathanael Mr. Huxley, Mr.

Jetokes, Sir James Grant, Mr. Bevan, Mr.

Mr. Campbell, Mr. Bru, Mr; Hay, Mr. Archer, Mr. Wyndham, Sir Roger Bradfiaigh, Mr. Smelt, Mr.

Hacks, Sir Wm.Clayton, Lord Pckoarth, Wr.OnJloto, Mr.

Morden, Sir John Peachey, Dr. Butler, Mr. Packer, - Mr. Ca/ter, Mr. Kinqfton, Mr; Mr. Pollen,

Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Francis -tujt. Sir John Lifter' Ktnje, Sir Chr. Powell; and all the Members who serve for the County o-f Hertford: And dhey are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Clerk’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. do enable Dorothea Clerk to fell Lands, in tire County of Dumfreis, for Payment of Debtscharged thereupon; and -to purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses astbe Estate to be sold is settled; was read a Second time.

Ref rived. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Falle,

Mr. Canaichaell, Mr. Richard Lord Pohoarth,

Geuewd Wade, Sir Nicolas Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Fydcll, Sir Wm. Codrington, Lord Gage, Mr. Owen, Mr.

'JLhiyd , Mr. Archer, Mr. Mr. Pollen, Mr.

kinjbn, Mr. Pigolt, Sir Francis Boynton; and all the ‘Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sosrton’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Etute. for enabling John Soxoton to make a Lease or Leases of certain Messuages and Tenements, and a Wharf, therein mentioned, Innate in the Parish of St. Andrexo Wardrobe, in the City of London, was read a Second time.

Rrf rived, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Horse-mmilen Turner, Mr. Richard Plumer, Mr. Longueville, Sir James Grant, Mr. of York, Sir Francis

Child, Mr. Alderman Widimotl, Mr. Knight, Mr. Fade, Mr. lledzvorlh, Mr. Alderman Parfrns, Mr. Mr.

Hacks, Mr. Plumer, Sir Elion, Mr. Kinajlun, Mr.

VUL. 23.

Bowes;Sir Chr. Powell, Mr. Monfry, Sir John -cote, Mr. Walker, Mr. Wardour, Mr. Sir

Codrington, Lord Charles Cavendish, Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr Brereton, Sir JohnHyude Cotton, Mr. Hooper,

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. OJbaldeJlcn, Mr. Earle, Mr. Trevor,

Mr. Polhitt, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Gregory, Sir Tlmnas Clarke, Mr. Brajfy, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Mr. Gybboy, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr Mr.

Glanville, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Braliened, Mr.

Archer, Mr. Hay, Sir Roger Mr. Wyndham,

Mi'. Smelt, Sir Charles Turner, Sir John Kaye, Mr. Ashley, Mr. Olmius, Sir Corded Mr. Bade, Mr.

Dennis, Mr. Cojier, Mr. Jcwkes; and all the Members who serve for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at-Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill jto continue Two several Acts therein mentioned, one for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty’p Plantations in America, and the other for the better le-curing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House: And hp read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, witii the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Hon fie.

Ordered, That tire Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Encouraging the Growth of OiTeCj&c*

An. ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bernard’*, to naturalize Herman Bernard and John Bofquain, was &c- f,al* read the Third time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. llorfetnonden Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House Rath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, puffed Prevention of in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Inconveni-King William the Third, intituled, An Act for prevent- of

ing any Inconveniencies that may happen by Privilege Parliament* of Parliament, was read the Third time.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Bill do pass:

And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for preventing any Inconveniencies that may happen by Privilege of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Elizabeth DucliefsDowager of Hamdton Removing was presented to the House, and read; fettingforth, That liabilities the Petitioner has regularly entered her Claim, pursuant ol to the Directions of an Act, made in the Third Year of ai>l1 his late Majesty’s Reign, to several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, now in the Possession of Charles Fleetwood Esquire, a Person professing the Popish Religion; and has likewise commenced a Suit for Recovery of the fame, which is not yet finally determined: And that the Petitioner apprehends, That if the Bill, now depending in this House, to explain and amend an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for explaining an Act, passed the last SessioTl of Parliament, intituled,

An Act to obligePapifts to register their Names, and real Estates; and for enlarging the Time for such register* ing; and for securing Purchases made by Proteliants; and for securing the Estates of Papists who are, or shall, become Proteliants, against the Dil'abilities created by several Acts of Parliament relating to Papists; ihouldpafs

3 C into

Removing Pliabilities of conforming Papiits,

Privilege.

Trade to AMierica.

Regulating tbc Price of Coals.

19O 8* — 9" Mail. ^.1738.

into a Law, (he would be greatly prejudiced thereby: And therefore praying, That (lie may be heard, by her Colulfel, against the said Bill; or that such Provision* may be made, for preferring her Right, as to this House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was re-committed, be received.

Mr. Hay, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was rc-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in attheClerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offei ed to \e added to the Bill, for the more effectual securing so the TwoUniverfities of Oxford and Cambridge, the Presentations of Benefices belonging

to Papists, granted, by former Acts of Parliament, to the said Universities:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up: And the Clause was amended.

And a Motion being made, and the Quell ion being put, That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill j

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

MersfortheVea }9».

Tdl«h,fteNb»{J|; ?f‘* }54.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That Elizabeth Duchess Dowager of Hamilton be beard, by her Counsel, if (lie thinks fit, against the said Bill, at the Third Reading thereof, upon her Petition this Day presented to the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingossed.

The House being informed, that George Bridges Esquire, a Member of this House, had received Satisfaction, in relation to the Breach of Privilege complained of the 25th Day of April last j

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

Mr. Pul/eney presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s British Subjects to America: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill to impower the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the City of Ixm to set the Price upon all Coals, commonly called Sea Coals, imported into the Port of London, from Newcastle, and the Ports adjacent thereunto, for One Year, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Btfolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon WednesdayMoxn-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That it he an Instruction to the said Committee, That tliev have Power to receive aClause, to oblige the Fitters ol Coals, and their Agents, at Keucastle, and the Ports

adjacent thereunto, to fell any Sort of Coals at the usual Price, and deliver the same to such Mailers of Ships, or other Persons, that shall apply for a Loading thereof, such Matters, or other Buyers, paying ready Money for the fame, or giving such Satisfaction to the Sellers, as they shall require j

It passed in the Negative.

The other Order of the Day being read ,-Ordered, That the Bill for reducing the Rate now Duty on payable upon the Importation oiSmyrna Raisins be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 90 die Maii;

Anno ii° Georgii IP* Regis, 1738.:;

Prayers.

MR. Papillon reported from the Committee, to whom Studholm'* the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Agreement Act for confirming and establishing an Agreement be* !*lth Hod* tween William Studholm Gentleman, and CuthbertIiodg- 0D" foil Gentleman, in relation to the Will and Estate of Michael Studholm Esquire, deceased, was committed.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Coufent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for taking into Payment of Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to Rmu. the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing the Payment of Rents, and preventing Frauds by Tenants, be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Amendment? into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as follow; viz.

Press 1. L. 21. Leave out "or," and, after. " Tenements," insert " or Hereditaments:"

Pr. 2. L. 13. Leave out from " notwithstanding" to " and" in the 34th Line of the next Press; and infer?

Clause A:

A; " And, to deter Tenants from such fraudulent " conveying away their Goods and Chattels, and others " from wilfully aiding or assisting the rein, or concealing " the fame, be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That,from and after the said 24th Day of ,if " any such Tenant or Lessee shall fraudulently remove " and convey away his or her Goods or Chattels, as " aforesaid; or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully " and knowingly aid or assist any fuchTenant or Lessee,

" in such fraudulent conveying away or carrying off of " any Part of his or her Goods or Chattels, or in concealing the fame; all and every Person and Persons, so " offending, shall forfeit and pay to the Landlord or Landlords, Lessor or Leffors, from whose Estate such " Goods and Chattels were fraudulently carried off, as " aforesaid, double the Value of the Goods by him,

" her, or them, respectively carried off pr concealed, as " aforesaid; to be recovered by Action of Debt, in any " of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or " in the Courts of the Counties Palatine of " Ijincasler, or Durham, respectively, or in the Court " of Grand Sessions in Wales, wherein no Essoign,

" Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed,

" nor more than One Imparlance: Provided always,

" and be it enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That " where the Goods and Chattels, so fraudulently carried

" off

i t Geo. It.

off or concealed',’shall not exceed t he VaW of Fifty * Pounds, it shall and may be lawful for the Landlord "and Landlords, from whose Estate such Goods or " Chattels were removed, his, her, or their Bailiff, Ser-;

" vant, or Agent, in his, her, or their Behalf, to exhibit a Complaint in Writing against such Offender o

" Offenders, l>efore Two or more Justices of the Peace u of the same County, Riding, or Division of such County, residing near the Place whence such Goods and Chattels were removed, or near the Place where the " same were found, not being iivterelied in the Lands or "Tenements whence such Goods were removed, who " may summon the Partiesconcerned;examine the Fa&,

** and all proper Witnesses Upon Oath, or, if any such *Witness be Oue of the People called Quakers, Upon " Affirmation, required by Law; and, in a summary " way, may determine whether such Person or Persons be.

" guilty of the Offence with which he or they arecharged;

" and to esquire, in like manner, of the Value of the ’* Goods and Chattels, by him, her,or thfem, respectively,

" so fraudulently carried off or concealed, as aforesaidi;

*' and, upon full Proof of the Offence, by Order under " their Hands and Seals, the said Justices of Peace may and shall adjudge the Offender or Offenders to pay double the Value of the said Goods and Chattels, to such Landlord or Landlords, his or their Bailiff, Servant, or Agent, at such time as the said Justices shall appoint; and, in case the Offender or Offenders, having " Notice of such Order, shall refuse or neglect so to do,

" may and shall, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, levy the same, by Distress and Sale of the Goods " and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, and, for " want of such Distress, may commit the Offender or " Offenders to the House of Correction, there to be * kept to hard Labour, without Bail or Mainprize,

" for the Space of Six Months, unless the Money " so ordered to be paid, as aforesaid, shall be sooner " satisfied: Provided also, That it shall and may be lawfill for any Person, who t hinks himself aggrieved by " fnchOrder of the said Two Justices, to appeal to the " Justices of Peace at the next General or Quartei! t " Sessions, to be held for the same County, Riding, or Division of such County, who may and shall hear and " determine such Appeal, and give such Costs to either " Party as they shall think reaibnable, whose Determination therein shall be final: Provided, also That where the Party appealing shall enter into a Recognizance

" double the Sum so ordered to be paid, with Condition " to appear at such General or Quarter Seffious, the Order of the said Two Justices shall not be executed " against him in the mean time."

Pr. 4. L. 18. Leave out " such," and insert " the

L. 19. After " Place," insert " where the same " shall be suspected to be concealed:"

L. 20. After " therein," insert " and in cafd " of Dwelling-honfe, Oath being also first made before forrie Justice of the Peace, of a reasonable Ground to " suspect. that such Goods or Chattels are therein."

Pr. 5. L. 14. After "holden," insert "and, in case " there shall be no Barn,or proper Place, on the Pretfiifes so demised or holden, then in any other Barn, or " proper Place, which such Lessor or Landlord, Leffors " or Landlords, shall hire, or otherwise procure, for that " Purpose, and as near as may be to the Premises

L. 23. After "always," insert "that Notice " of the Place where the Goods and Chattels so dif-" trained shall be lodged or deposited, shall, within the " Space of One Week alter the lodging or depositing " thereof in such Place, be given to such Lessee or Tenant, or left at the last Place of his or her Abode, " and;"

Pr. 7. L. 11. Leave out from "Statute" to "And " whereas," in the 24th Line of the next Press; and in- fertClauseB:

B: "And be it further enacted, by the Authority " aforesaid, That in case any Bill of Sale shall be made VoL. 23.

" by any Tenant or Lessee, of his or nfef Cord; Grass; u Hops, or other Produce whatsoever, except Fruit;

which shall be growing Upon the Lands by himorhei*

" holden, without the Licensce of the Landlord or LandIq^ds of whom the same are holden, or under whom " they arednjoyed, his or their Steward, Bailiff', or Agent,

" or whereunto his or theft Content in Writing shall " not afterwards be had or obtained, the Perfoil or Persons to wliorti such Bill or Bills of Sale shall be made " shall not remove the Com, therein mentioned to b6 " fold, from the Lands and Tenements demised; without " such Consent, unless he pay the Rent due, notexceed*ing One Year’s Rent, to such Landlord or Landlords, " under Pain of forfeiting the Value of the Goods so removed; to the Landlord or Landlords' of the {km'fe " Lands and Tenements whereon such Corn did grow, " towards Satisfaction of the Rent due to hirii or them." Pr.9.L. 16,17; 18. Leave out "and Persons wli'6 " have recovered the iPofftfflon of Lands,. Tenements,

" and Hereditarilentsi" ' ' ' .: I

L. 18. Leave out " the," and insert *their:"

L. 21,24. Leave out " or the Persons so reCovering:" .-

L. 32,33. Leave out " Lessor or Leffors, Person or Persons, so recovering

L. 35. After "Years," insert "improved or " rack;" and, in the same Line; leave out "referred " for," and insert " of

Pr. 10. L. 4. Leave out from " Imparlance" to " And whereas," in the 40th Line of the same Press; and, instead thereof, add Clahfes C and D:

C: " And be it further enacted, by the Authority " aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful for the Court " where such Ejectment shall be brought, to suffer the " Landlord or Landlords to make him, her; Or themselves; Defendant or Defendants, by joining with the " Tenant or Tenants, to whom such Declaration in Ejectihent shall be delivered, in case lie or they shall appear; but, in case such Tenant or Tenants shall refuse " or n^gleet to appear. Judgment shall be signed against " the casual Ejector, for Want of such Appearance; but " if the Landlord or Landlords of any Part of the Lands, " Tenements or Hereditaments, for which such Ejectment was brought, shall desire to appear by himself or " themselvCs, and conient to enter into the like Rule, " that, by Course of the Court, the Tenantin Possession, " in case he or the had appeared, ought to have " done; then the Court, where such Ejectment shall be " brought, shall or may permit such Landlord or Landlords so to do; and order a Stay of Execution upon " such Judgment, against the casual Ejector, until they " shall make further Order therein

D: " And, to obviate some Difficulties that many " times occur in the Recovery of Rents where the Demises are not by Deed, be it further enacted, by the " Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Twentyfourth Day of June, it shall and may be lawful to and " for the Landlord and Landlords, where the Agreement " is not by Deed, to recover a reasonable Satisfaction " for the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, held or " occupied by the Defendant or Defendants, in an Action on the Cafe, for the Use and Occupation of what " was so held or eqjoyed; and if, in Evidence on the " Trial of such Action, any Parole Demise, or any " Agreement, not being by Deed, whereon a certain " Rent was reserved, shall appear, the Plaintiff in such " Action shall not therefore be nonsuited, but may " make Use thereof as an Evidence of the Quantum of* " the Damages to be recovered."

Pr.11. L. 1. Leave out "or;" and, after "Tenements," insert " or Hereditaments:"

L. 8. Leave out " orand; after " Tene^ " ments," insert " or Hereditaments:"

L 19. Leave out "or;" and, after "Tenements," insert " or Hereditaments, which determine " on the Death of such Tenant for Life:"

Pr.

Payment

of KenU.

F-vrl of Hut lingtn an<i CnrLc,i £UmI«.

90 Mail. 1738;

Pr. n. L. 41. Leave out "in/* and insert " on;" and, in the ferae, and 22d Line, Leave out " in a " Quantum Meruit:

L. 23. Leave out " or;" and, after " Tenements" insert " or Hereditaments:" 4

L. 31. After " aforesaid," insert " making aH* " just allowances, or a proportionable Part thereof, respectively

Pr. *4. L. 1 After " Tenants, insert "bolding any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at a Rack-rent, " or where the Rent reserved shall be full Three-fourths " of the yearly Value of the demised Premises, who "/hall be:"

L. 4, 5, and 6. Leave out " so as no sufficient "Distress can be Jiad, to countervail the Arrears of " Rent

Pr. 13. L, 7. Leave out " upon a Quarter’s or other t* Warning:"

L. 8. Leave out " such Tenants:"

Pr. 15. 9, 10, and 11. Leave out " Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies,'of any Manor or Manors, Leifor or " Landlord, Lefiors or Landlords, or otherand, in the 36th Line of the same Press, before " Tenant," insert " other ;" and, in the same Line, after the 2d the," leave out to " without," in the 3d Line of the next P efs, and, mstead thereof, insert Lands and Teneinents, whereon such Distress was made, enjoyed the " same under a Grant or Demise, at such acertain Rent; " during the time wherein the Rent distrained for incurred'; which Rent was then and Hill remains due; or " that the Place where the Distress was taken was Parcel " of such certain Tenements, held of such Honor, Lord- ship, or Manor, for which Tenements the Rent, Relief, " Heriot, or other Service, distrained for, was, at the " time of such Distress, and still remains, due:"

Pr. 16. L. 6. Leave out " Lord or Lords, Lady or " Ladies," and insert" Owner or Owners:"

L. 23. Leave out " Rent,’’.-and insert "Goods:1* L. 24. Leave out the First " for," and infprt " such Value to be ascertakied by.ethp Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, nor interested in-"'the Goods or Distress; which Oath the Person ^rant- ing such Replevin is hereby authorized and required * to administer."

The said Amendments, as far as the Amendment Clause A, being Severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by,the House.

Clause A, being read a Second time, the following Amendments were proposed to be made therein;

L. 2i. After the Word " of," to insert the Words " Session in:"

L. 23. To leave out the Word " Court," and insert " Courts:"

Pr. 2. L. 33. of the said Clause, After the Word "Recognizance," to insert " with One or Twofufficient Surety or Sureties."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Clause, so amended, being an ingrossed Clause, wasread the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The rest of the Amendments, as far as the Amendment Clause B, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause B, being read a Second time, was amended, by leaving out, after the Word " any," and before the Word " Sale," the Words " Bills of."

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Amendments, made by the I^ords to the said Bill, be adjourned-till Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Kingdom of Ireland, Part of the settled Lftate of Richard Earl of Burlington and Corke, in Trustees, to be sold, for

Payment of Debts; and for settling other Lands and

Hereditaments, of greater Value, to the same Uses read the Third time.

Refotved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, d<r pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Pelham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with One Amendment: To which Amendment this House doth delire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Morpeth the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ* electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Morpeth,in the County of Northumberland, in the room of the Right honourable Henry Howard Esquire, commonly called Lord Viscount Morpeth, now Earl of Carlisle, called up to the House of Peers."

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Kiogflow the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for nt* the Town of Kingston upon Hall,in the room of George Crowle Esquire; who, since Ins Election for the said'

Town, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Gattnn the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ-electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Gallon, in the County of in the

room of William Newland Esquire, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill to continue Two several Acts Encouraging therein mentioned, one for encouraging the Growth of the Growth Coffee in hjp Majesty’s Plantation in America, and the °fCoffee,&o other for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America,was read

the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue Two several Acts therein mentioned, one for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty’s Plantations in America, and the other for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America.

Ordered, That Mr. Hooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for the more effectual securing and encourag- Trade to ing the Trade of his Majesty’s British Subjects-to Ame- America. rica, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Se- Duty* cond Reading of the Bill for reducing the Rate now Smyrna payable upon the Importation of Smyrna Raiflns; Haitian,

The Counsel for and against the said Bill were called in:

And the said Bill was read a Second time:

And the Copy of the Report of the Commissioners of the Customs, on the referred Petition of the Levant Company, praying the Duty on Smyrna Raisins may be lowered, presented to the House the 17th Day of March last, was read:

And the Account of the Quantity of Smyrna Raiflns imported annually for Three Years, ending at 1724; as likwife the like Account for Ihree Years, ending at Christmas 1735; presented to the House the same Day; was also read:

And the Account of the Amount of the Imports of Raisins from Smyrna, and the Duties paid thereupon, for Years 1745, 1726, 1727, 1728, 1732, 1733, and 1734*

presented

i i Geo. II.

presented to the House the 28th Day of April Jaft, was also read.

And the Counsel against the Bill examined several Witnesses, and went through their Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Bill were heard.

And the Account of the Amount of the Imports of Raisins from Smyrna, and the Duties paid thereupon, from Christmas 1734 to Christm 1737; distinguishing

each Year; presented to the House the 2ad Day of March last; was read:

And the Copy of a Certificate of several Merchants, Grocers, and others, that there has been very little Difference in the Prices of Smyrna or Raisins, presented

to the House the 17th Day of March last, was also read:

And the Counsel for the Bill examined several Wit-pefles, and went through their Evidence.

And the Counsel against the Bill were heard, by way of Reply.

And the Counsel on both Sides being withdrawn;

Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas 5 Mr- Lockwood, 7

tellers for the Yeas, Mf Alderman J 32*

Tellers for the Noes 5 Mr‘ Alderman Willimott, 1

tellers lor the Moes,| Brereton: J '°‘

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii> 10° die Maii;

Anno ii* Georgii II- Regis, 1738. Prayers.

Speen Mead Q I R John Rushout reported from the Committee to Inclosure. whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Actfor inclosing and dividing the common Mead or Moor, called Speen Mead, or S/teen Moor, in the County of Berks, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerped had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Thomas Parsons and Antony Parsons, who have very small Interests in the said common Mead or Moor, and have been apprized of the intended Inclosure; and that neither of them have appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 2. L. last. Leave out " into," and insert "uoto

Pr. 3. L. 27. After "fet," insert "out Pr. 6. L, 32. Leave out from " notwithstanding," to the 2d " and, " in Press 7. L. 14:

Press 7. L 15. Leave out " said," and " insert " impropriate;" and, in the same Line, after " Rectory," insert " of the Church of Speen

Pr. ,9. L. 23. After the 2d " and, " insert "Twelve L. 24. Leave out " Part," and iufert Parts." The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lordshave agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Adk Sax §raDtwg to dis Majesty, the Sum of Two MiUions, for , Vo L.23.

*93

the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-eight; and for paying to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England One Million, for redeeming an Annuity of Forty thousand Pounds, payable to them.; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A el

for the more effectual securing the Payments of certain Ki'ie’sBench Sums of Money, directed by an Act, made in the Forty- umier.4.3 third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, Eliz.

An Act for Relief of the Poor, to be paid by the respective Treasurers of every County ‘in England and Wales, for the Relief of the poor Pri loners of the King's Bench and Marshalsea Prisons, without any Amendment.

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Shoreditch for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath, 1 oa over Bethnall Green,to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming Payment of the further Consideration of the Amendments, made by Bents, the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual fecnring the Payment of Rents; and preventing Frauds by Tenants, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the further Consideration of the Amendments.

And the Amendment, Clause B, which was amended, being an ingrafted Clause, was read the Third time.

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment, so amended;

It passed in the Negative.

The rest of the said Amendments, as far as the Amendment, Clause C, Press 10. L. 3, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause C, being an ingrossed Clause, was read a Second time... Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed toby the House.

Clause D, another of the said Amendments, being ai^ ingrossed Clause, was read a Second and Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the'

House.

The rest of the said Amendments, as far as tljie Amendment in Press 12. L. 1, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Press 12. L. 1, being read a Second time, was amended, by inserting, after the Word M the," and before the Word " Value," the Word a yearly

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The next Amendment in Prese 12. L. 4, was read a Second time:

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It pasted in the Negative.

The Residue of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time; were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to such of the Amendments, made by their Lordships, as this House hath disagreed to:

And it is referred to Mr. Hungerford, Lord,

Mr . Sandys, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Hooper, Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. North, Sir Henry Gough, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Earle, Sir Nathanael Curzon,

Mr. Papillon, Mr. Attorney General, M r. , Mr.

Cornewall, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Hay, Sir John Cope, Mr.

Crojffe, Mr. Raulinjon Earle, Sir Mr,

Lojigueville, Mr. Horsemonden T, Mr. Pollen, Mr.

3 D Wynne,

9* — 10° Mali.

A. 1738.

194 10® — 1

Wynne, Mr. Bootle, Admiral Stewart, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr. FazackerlyMr Mr. Lord

Sidney Beavclerk, Mr. Hampden; and all the Members of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Studholm’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act A-ThT* for confirming and establishing an Agreement between 2. o g- William Studholm, Gentleman, and Hodgson

Gentleman, in relation to the Will and Estate of Michael Studholm Esquire, deceased, was read* the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Encouraging The Lord Gage presented to the House, according to the making Order, a Bill for encouraging the making and manufac-Eo T* d luring Bar Iron in Great Britain; and preventing the

8 ' Increase of Bar Iron, and Iron Manufactures, in the

Plantations: And the same was received; and read the First time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Bill be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Regulating Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House the Price of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Coal* upon the Bill to impower the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the City of London to set the Price upon all Coals, commonly called Sea Coals, imported into the Port of London from Newcastle, and the Ports..... thereunto, for One Year, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved. That the Second Section . ..... made in the Sixth and Seventh Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the better Admeasurement of Keels and Keel Boats, in the Port of Newcastle, and the Members thereunto belonging, might be read.

And the said Section being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause t o enable the Commissioners appointed under an Act, passed in the Sixth and Seventh Year of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the better Admeasurement of Keels and Keel Boats in the Port of Newcastle, and the Members thereunto belonging, to admeasure, mark, and weigh, all Waggons, Barrows, and other Carriages, used or hereafter to be used, in the Loading of Ships with Coals in the Port of Newcastle, and the Members thereunto belonging, where Keels or other Boats are not made use of in loading the said Ships.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for the better Regulation of the Manner of delivering Coals at Newcastle, and the Ports adjacent thereunto, to the Matters of all Ships, who shall come and apply for the fame.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Winnington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

r® Maii.

Jovis, 11® Mail;

Anno r 1® Georgii II<U Regis, 1738. Prayers.

\N ingrossTed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing the common Mead or Moor, called Speen Mead, or 'peen Moor, in the County of Berks; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Rushout do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thurston and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing such Persons as shall do Injuries and Violences to the Persons or Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, with Intent to hinder the Exportation of Corn, without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powersgranted byTwo Acts of Parliament, one of the Fourth, and the other of the Sixth, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from the Stones End in Kentf reel,in the Parish of St. George, in Southwark, in the County of Suiry, leading to the Lime Kilns in East Greenwich, to the First Mill Pond, at South End, in the Parish of Lewi/liam,in the County of Kent; and for amending the Road from Westminster Ferry, at Lambeth, in the said County of to NewCrofs,in in

the said County of Kent; and for amending and making the said Acts more elFeftual; and for amending the Roads from the Lime Kilns aforesaid, to the Town of in the said County, and from a Place called Thomas

a Waterings, in the said Parish of George, to the Stones End in Bermondsey-street, in the said County of Surry; without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the TermsandPowersgrantedinaud byan Act, made intheTenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for enlarging, amending, and maintaining, the Road between Northfeet, Gravesend, and in

the County of Kent, and also another Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty K.\ngGeorge the First, for enlarging the Term granted by the said former Act; and for Other Purposes therein mentioned; and for ex-plainingand amending the said Acts; and also for repairing the Highway from Northfeet aforesaid to Dartford, in the said County, without any Amendment. And also. The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Part of the settled Estate of Richard Earl of Burlington and Cdrke, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and for sett ling other Lands and Hereditaments, of greater Value, to the same Uses.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Tyner reported from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for in-doling and dividing the common Fields, and common Grounds, in the Manors and Parishesof Binbroke, in the County of Lincoln, wns committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and tlutthe Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the B.ll, and made tcveral Amendments thereunto; which tiny bad directed him to report to the House; and he readtlie Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the

24 Bill

Speen Mead Inclosurt.

Preventing

Injury to Corn intended for Exportation.

East Greenwich Roads.

North fleet t* Dartford Hoads.

Earl of Burlington and Corke's Estate.

Binbrooke

Inclosure.

X

m Geo. II.

Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as follow;

viz.

Pr. l. L. 7. After "of," and before " Prebendaries," ilifert"the:"

Pr. 11. L. 1. After "Inclosure,"insert "and paying " the Expences attending the passing this Act

L. 27. After " and, " and before " it," insert " whereas all the Lands of the said Sir Richard Ellis, in the said Lordship of Binbrooke, are free and exempt " from Tythes:"

L. 39. After " Ellis," insert " all which said Lands so excepted, are hereby declared to be freed " and discharged from all Tithes both great and small:" Pr. 15. L. 6. Leave out " to

Pr. 16. L. 28. Lave out from " aforesaid" to the End of the Clause; and, instead thereof, insert by an " equal Pound Rate, as the said Parties respectively shall beaflelfed to the Land Tax, for the Year wherein M the said Lands and Grounds shall be inclosed

L. 41. After " Act," leave out " as the same " shall be settled, ascertained, and determined, by the " said Commissioners, or their Successors, or their Survivors, or any Five or more of them."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Payment of Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee who

Rents, were appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords, at a Conference, for disagreeing to such of the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing the Payment of Rents, and preventing Frauds by Tenants, as this House hath disagreed to That the Committee had drawn up Reasons accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

To the First Amendment,made by your Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the mores effectual securing the Payment of Rents, and preventing Frauds by Tenants, the Commons do agree:

To the Second Amendment, for leaving out from the Word " notwithstanding," in Press 2. Line 13, to the Woid " and, " in the 34th Line of the next Press, the Commons do agree:

To Clause A, the Commons have agreed, with some Amendments:

To other Amendments, made by your Lordships, as far as the Amendment iti Press 5. L. 23. the Commons do agree:

To the Amendment in Press 5. L. 23. the Commons have agreed, with an Amendment:

To the next-Amendment, which is for leaving out from the Word "Statute," in Press 7. Line 11. to the Words " and whereas," in the 24th Line of the same Press, the Commons do agree:

To Clause B, the Commons disagree; ,

Because they conceive this Clause lays too great a Restraint upon Tenants in the Sale of the Produce of their Lands:

To the other Amendments, made by your Lordships, as far as the Amendment in Press 12. Line 1. the Commons do agree:

To the Amendment in Press 12. Line 1. the Commons have agreed, with an Amendment:

To the next Amendment in Press 12. L. 4. the Commons disagree;

Because they conceive, that if there be sufficient Dif-tress upon the Premises, it is not reasonable to give the Justices of Peace the Power to go upon, and view the fame:

To the rest of the Amendments,madeby your Lordships, the Commons do agree.

The said Reasons, being severally read a Second time, Vou 23.

*95

were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Lord Sidney Beauclerk do go to the Lords, and desire . said Conference.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Read- Removing ing of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the DiiUoil.nea Third Year of the Reign of his late Majest v King George the First, intituled, An Act for explaining an Art |tailed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names and real Eft ites; and for enlarging the Time for such registering; and for securing Purchases made by Protestants; and for lecur-ing the Estates of Papists, who are or shall become Protestants, against the Disabilities created by l'eteral Arts of Parliament, relating to Papists;

The Counsel for Elizabeth Ducliefs Dowager of milt on were called in.

And the Lid Bill was read the Third time.

And the Petition of Elizabeth Duchess Dowager of Hamilton was read:

And her Counsel were heard:

Aud then they were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, That the Bill shall not prejudice any Right or Title which the Duchess Dowager of Hamilton hath, or may have, to any Estates comprised in a Settlement, made by Charles Lord Gto whom the said Duchess is Grand-daughter and Heir, in respect of any Incapacity or Difability in Charles late Lord Gerard, and Philip Lord Gerard, Sons of Richard Gerard Esquire, to take or enjoy the said Estates.

And the said Clause was twice read, and amended.

Then the said Clause, being read a Third time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

ReJ'olved, That "the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for securing the Estates of Papists, conforming to the Protestanl Religion, against the Disabilties created by several Acts of Parliament relating to Papists; and for rendering more effectual the several Acts of Parliament relating to Papists, made for vetting in the Two Universities, in that^art of Great Britain called England, the Presentations of Benefices belonging to Papists,

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

ReJ'olved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Trade to resolve, itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon America, the Bill for the more effectual securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s British Subjects to America.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Refrui*ting whole HouL, to whom the Bill to impower the Lord the Trice Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the City of London, to ®f Goal*, set the Price upon all Coals, commonly called Sea Coals, imported into the Port of London, from Neivcajfle, and the Ports adjacent thereunto, for One Year, be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Lord Sidney Beauclerk, reported to the H life, j>avment of That he, having, according to Order, been with the hem*. Lords, to delire a Conference upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more eff ftual itcuring the Payment of Rents, and preventing Frauds by Tenants 5 The Lords do agree to a Conference; and appoint the same Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

11® Mali.

Bmbrooke

Iociofure.

Reflating

the Price of Coals,

Payment

kente.

Regulating the Price of Coals*

i a® — 13* Maii.

A. 1738.

Veneris, 12° die Maii;

Anno 11* Georgii II<ti Regis, 1738.

Pr AYERS.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing the common Fields, and common Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Binbrooke, in the County of Lincoln,was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; To which Amendments, this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lord {hips.

Mr. Winning!on, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to impower the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the City of London, to let the Price upon all Coals, commonly called Sea Coals, imported into the Port of London, from Neucastle, and the Ports adjacent thereunto,

for One Year, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, as far as Clause A, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause A being read a Second time, and several Amendments being made thereunto;

And the Time being come, for the Conference with the Lords, upon the Subject-matterof the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing the Payment of Rents, and preventing Frauds by Tenants;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to impower the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the City of London, to set the Price upon all Coals, commonly called Sea Coals, imported into the Port of London, from Nexccastle, and the Ports adjacent there-

unto, for One Year, was committed, be resumed immediately after the Conference with the Lords.

Ordered, That the Committee, who were appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords, at the said Conference, do manage the Conference.

And the Names of the Managers were called over; and they went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Hungerford reported. That the Managers had been at the Conference, and delivered to the Lords the Reasons for disagreeing to such of the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the said Bill, as this House hath disagreed to; and had left the Bill, and Amendments, with their Lordships.

The House, according to Order, resumed the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to impower the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the City of London, to set the Price upon all Coals, commonly called Sea Coal9, imported into the Port of London, from Newcastle, and the Ports adjacent thereunto, for One Year, was committed: And several other Amendments were made by the House to Clause A.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Ibid.Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. John Bdnnct and Mr. Thurston:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Parker’* for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Robert , Ef- Efafe.

quire, deceased, in the County of Berks, for discharging Incumbrances thereupon, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Trade t» whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual secur- America, ing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Subjects to America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Rujhouttook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Rushout reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatic 13° die Maii;

Anno ii* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1738.

Prayers.

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration p#ckep* the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, thata. intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Ellate late of Robert Backer Esquire, deceased, in the County of Berks, for discharging Incumbrances thereupon: And the said Amendments were read; and are follow;

Prels 4. L. 28. Leave out " Inventory," and insert " Estimate:"

L. 30. Leave out " Two," and insert

" Three:"

L. 32. After " more," insert " which falls '* very fliortof satisfying the Testator’s Debts; and the " Grant of his Copyhold Estates, Parcel of, or belonging " to, his said Manors, would not raise a Sum sufficient " for that Purpose; but would tend to the Dismembering of the said Manors,'and greatly prejudice the Sale " of the fame:"

Pr. 5. L. a. Leave out *' Two hundred and Fiftyseven Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Four," and insert " Seven hundred and Eighty-nine Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Nine:"

L. 7,8, 9. Leave out "Thirty-nine thousand " Six hundred and Seventy-seven Pounds Seven Shillings and Four," and insert " Forty thousand Two hundred and Nine Pounds Four Shillings and Nine Press 7. L. 29 and 30. Leave out " Two thousand " Nine hundred and Sixty-one Pounds Seven Shillings " and Four," and insert " Three thousand Four hundred " and Ninety-three Pounds Four Shillings and Nine:*

Pr. 8. L. 4. After " Packer" insert " situate, lying,

" and being, in the Parish of Beenham, in the County of " Berks, being:"

L. 5. Leave out " befidesTimber," and insert " now in the several Possessions and Occupations of " Richard Ivemonger, and Anne Hampton;" and, in the same Line, after " and, " insert " the several:"

L. 5. Leave out from "Coppices" to "with," in the 8th Line of the same Press, and insert " there,

" computed of the yearly Value of Twenty Poundsper " Annum, one Year with another, over and above the " 'l imber thereon growing ."

Pr. 10. L. 7. After the ill " the," insert " several " Daughters of their respective Bodies, and the find 23 " John

0

Regulating the Price of Coals.

n Geo. II. 13° — 150

John Jacob and John Freem, their Executors, Ad-

" ministrators, and Assigns, for and in respect of the said " respectiveTermsof Two hundred Years, Threehundred Years, and Four hundred Years, to them devised by the said Will, and the Trulls of the said Terms, and the

Pr. 10. L. 8. Leave out from " Testator" to " all," in the 1 ith Line of the same Press.

The said Amendments, as far as the Amendment in Press 10. L. 7. being severallyread aSecond time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Press 10. L. 7. being read a Second time, was amended, by leaving out the First Word " their," and inserting the Word " the" instead thereof; and after the Word " Bodies," inserting " of the said Winchcombe Howard, Packer, Henry Packer, and

" Robert Packer."

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House

The last Amendment being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Archer of do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordships, with some Amendments to One of them: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

The Ord*=r of the Day being read, for resuming the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to impower the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the City of London, to set the Price upon all Coals, commonly called Sea Coals, imported into the Port of London, from cajtle, and the Ports adjacent thereunto, for One Year, was committed;

The House resumed the further Consideration of the ‘said Report; and several other Amendments being made by the House to Clause A;

And the Question being put. That the Clause so ..amended be made Part of the Bill;.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Te,erSfor,herea, J^%^". } 64.

Tellers for the Noes, M^n; } 41.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Clause B, the last Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time, was, with several Amendments thereunto, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for Getting the Price of all Sea Coal imported into the dut Ports of that Part o (Great Britain called England:

And the said Clause being brought up, and read the First time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Clause be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the } *«.

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

A Clause, for further obliging the Buyers and Sellers of Coals at Billingsgate, or other Place of Sale, within

the Bills of Mortality, to sign the Contrafts for Coals, being offered, to be added to the Bill;

And the said Clause being brought up, and read the First time;

The House was moved, That the Preamble and Sixth Section of an Act, made in the Third Yearofhispresent Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade, might be read:

Vol. 43.

l97

And the same being read accordingly;

And the said Clause being read a Second time, with Blanks; which were filled up, and the Clause amended; the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for *.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up and the Clause amended:

The same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Sir John Rushout reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual securing and encouraging the Tradeof his Majesty’s British Subjects to America, was committed the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments W'ere once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

LiUnee, 150 Mail;

Anno ii# Georgii IP* Regis, 1738. Prayers.

MR. Fall reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Dorothea Clerk to fell Lands in the County of Dumfries, for payment of Debts charged thereupon; and to pnrehafe other Lands to be settled to the same Uses as the Estate to be sold is fpttled; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the Houft^ without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to direct, That there be laid before this House, an Order in Council relating to the Lords Proprietors Surrender of their Interest in the Bahama Islands to his Majesty, bearing Date the 2d of Angufi 1733; together with a Report of the Lords of the Treasury thereupon.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Thomas Gore presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to obviate Doubts, which have arisen upon the Construction of the Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of YL\n% James the First, concerning tanned Leather: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Richard Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled. An

3 E Act

Trade tQ America.

Clerk'd

Estate.

Bahama,

Islands.

Laws

respecting

tanned

Leather.

Byde’s

Estate.

!»-

1

i 5® Mail, A. 1758.

Act for vesting certain Mills, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Ware, and Great Amwell, in the County of Hertford, being Part of the Ellate of Thomas Plum-pier Byde Esquire, an Infant, and comprised in his Grandfather’s Marriage Settlement, in the Governor and Company of the New Rive, brought from Chaiwell and Amwell to London, and their Successors; and for securing a perpetual Rent-charge, in lieu thereof, for the Benefit of the Personsclaiming under the said Settlement; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to lie true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Coufent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Jowion's Mr. HorJemondenTurner reported fromtheCorpmittee, Ellate. to whom the iugrossed Bill from the Lords; intituled, An Act for enabling John Sowton to make a Lease or Leases of certain Messuages and Tenements, and a Wharf, therein mentioned, situate in the Parish of Andrew Wardrobe, in the City of London, was committed; That I he Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; am} that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

*heUprice* An ingrossed Bill to impower the Lord Mayor s^ndCourt

of Coab. of Aldermen of the City of London to set the Price upon all Coals, commonly called Sea Coals, imported into the Port of London, from , and the Ports adjacent

thereunto, for One Year, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 4. L. 22. At the End of the Line, to add the Word "the:"

Pr. . L. 5. After the Word every," to inferfc " such."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to impower the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London to set the Price upon all Coals, corfimonly called Sea Coals, imported into the Port of Londonfrom Newcastle, and the Portsadjacentthereunto, flbr the Space of One Year; and to oblige, for the Term therein mentioned, Fitters, and others, vending and loading Ships with Sea Coals at Newcastle, and the Ports adjacent thereunto, to deliver such Coals to any Matters of Ships applying for the fame; and for further obliging Buyers and Sellers of Sea Coals, at Billingsgate, or other Place of Sale, within the Bills of Mortality, to sign their Cqnt rafts for Coals; and for the Admeasurement of all Carriages whatsoever, used in loading Ships with Coals in the Port of Newcastle, and Members thereunto belonging.

Ordered, That Mr. Winning tan dp carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Bennet and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

Duty on The Lords, have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Retailers of fer enforcing the Execution of an Act, made in the L?' uors118 Ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An

’ ’ Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of spirituous

Liquors; and for licensing the Retailers thereof; without any Amendment. And also,

St. Leonard, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Shoreditch, to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Eighth Year Church. Gf his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Leonard,

*7

in the County of Middlesex, w ithout any Amendment.

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Adventurers, Owners, and Proprietors, of the Taxable Lands, and the Owners and Proprietors of the Free Lands, in Deeping Fens, and other Fens, in the County of Lincoln, therein mentioned, to raise a competent Sum of Money, for the effectual Draining, and future Preservation, of all the said Fens, according to their Agreement in that behalf; and to carry ithe said Agreement into Execution; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment. And alfp.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, madehy this House, to the Amendments, made by their Lerd-thips, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing the Payment of Rents, and preveivting Frauds by Tenants: And that they do not infill on their Amendments, made to the said Bill, to which this House have difegreed.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s British Stutyefts to America, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Prese a. L. 21. After the Word " IbaJl," to insert " from and after the Time aforefiffd-"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the BiH do pats;

The House divided.

The Yeas want forth.

Tellers for the Yeas $Sir Wm' 7 tellers for the Ieas, JMr Lyttelton: W

Tellers for the Noes, Stephen: f

So it passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas and

Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the BH1, intituled, An Act Encourag-to continue Two several Acts therein mentioned; one for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty’s c0tf"e> &c-Plantations in America: and the other for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America-, without any Amendment- And alfp,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Christ for the better enlightening the open Places, Streets, Church, Lanes, Passages, and Courts; and for the better regulal ing the nightly Watch and Beadles; within the Parish of ' c* Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex; without auy Amendment. And also.

The Lords hqve agreed to the Amendments* made by Packer.% this House, to one of the Amendments, made by their un-.tr. Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Ellate late of Robert Packer Esquire, deceased, in the County of Berks, for discharging Incumbrances

thereupon. And alfp.

The Lords have puffed a Bill, intituled, An Act to MeuleuV naturalize Frederick Vajider Meu To which the Nat.

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, ThatMr. Alderman W have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly. Aud An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to naturalize Frederick Vandev Meulen, was read the First time.

Rtfohoed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered,

DeepingF-en*

Drainage.

Payment of Rents.

Trade tm America.

11 Geo. II. 15" — 16° — 17° — 18° Mail. 199

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and of Privileges. Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martts, 16° die Man;

Anno ii* Georgii II41 Regis, 1738.

Prayers.

Seaford R D ER E D, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War-

Writ. v rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new "Writ, for electing a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of in the County of Suffer, in the room of William Hay Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Town and Port, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty’s Navy.

Answer to Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Addref*. Address of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be gra-cioully pleased to direct, That there be laid before this House, an Order in Council relating to the Lords Proprietors Surrender of their Interest in the Bahama Islands to his Majesty, bearing Date the ad of 17 33; together with n Report of the Lordsof the Trea-fury thereupon; had been prefer)ted to his Majesty} and that his Majesty had commanded him to House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Bury St. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to tdiiiund* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for nt* electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bury St. Edmunds, in the County of S'tffolk, in the room of the honourable Thomas vey Esquire, who since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Surveyor of his Majesty’s Gardens;

Hyde’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate for veiling certain Mills, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Hie Parishes of Ware, and Great in the County of Hertford, being Part of the Estate of Thomas Plummer Byde Esquire, an Infant, and comprised in . Grandfather’s Marriage Settlement, in the Governor and Company of the New River, brought from -well and Amwell to London, and their Successors; and for securing a perpetual Rent-charge, in lieu thereof, for the Benefit of the Persons claiming under the said Settlement was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Plumer do carry tfte Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this Househath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Clerk's An ingrossel Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Dorothea Clerk to fell Lands in the County of

Dumfries for Payment of pebtseharged thereupon; and to purchaseother Lands, to be fell led to the same Uses as the Estate to be sold-is settled; was read the Third time.

Resolved,' That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That. Mr. Fall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this Househath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Dartmouth Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of Devon, in the room of Walter Cary Esquire, wh since his Eleftinn for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Clerks Comptrollers of his Majesty’s Houshold. '

Sow ton’s An ingrafted Bill from the Lords* intituled, An Act Eilat*. Voj,. 23.

for enabling John Sowton to make a Lease or Leases of, certain Melfnages and Tenements, and a Wharf, therein mentioned, situate in the Parish of Andrew Wardrobe, in the City of London, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Horjemonden Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaintthem, Thatthis House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 17 die Mali;

Anno ii* Georgii II41 Regis, 1738.

Prayers.

MR. Comptroller presented to the House,pursuant Bahama to their Address to his Majesty, Iflauds.

Copy of the Order in Council for purohafing the Right of the Proprietors and Lessees in the Bahama Blands: And also,

Copy of a Report from the Lords of the Treasury, relating to the Purchase of t he Right of the Proprietors and Lessees of the Bahama Islands.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Helfton the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for ^nt. electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Helflon, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of John Harris Esquire, who since Ins Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Paymaster of his Majesty’s Board of Works.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Saivyer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made Binbroke by this House, to the BUI, intituled, An Act for inclo- Inclosure, sing and dividing the common Fields and common Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Binbroke, in the County of Lincoln. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by speen Mead this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing lndofure. and dividing the common Mead or Moor, called Speen Mead, or Speen Moor, in the County of Berks.

And then the Meflfengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrovr Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 18° die Maii',

Anno 11* Georgii II4’ Regis, 1738.

Prayer s.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Application for explaining and amending an Act of the Eighth of Derweut-Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act water ^ate» for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Derxveutxoaler, and Charles Radcliffe, without any

Amendment.

And then the Meflfengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Order in Council, for Bahama pupchofifig the Right of the Proprietors and Lessee* in lftaad*. the Bahama Islands; and also theCopy of a Report from the Lords of the Treasury, relating the Purchase of the Right of the Proprietors and Lessees of the Bahama

I Hands;

Bahama 1 (lands.

200

18° Mail.

A. 1738.

Islands; which Copies were Yesterday presented to the House; be now taken into Consideration:

And the said Papers were read; and are as follow; viz.

At the Courtat Hampton Court, the and of August 1733; PRESENT,

The King’s most Excellent Majesty,

Lord Chancellor, Lord

Lord President, Mr. Speaker,

Lord Chamberlain, Mr. Chancellor of the Ex-

Earl of Gadolphin, chequer,

Earl of Halifax, Horatio Esquire,

Lord Harrington, Sir Wager.

Whereas the Lords of the Committee of his Majesty’s moil honourable Privy Council, to whom his Majesty referred the Consideration of a Memorial from Richard Fitz William Esquire, Governor of the Bahama Islands in America, humbly proposing, amongst other Things, That the Right of the Soil of the said Islands should be purchased of the Proprietors, and a Power given to the Governor, for the Time being, to grant out the Lands to such People as are willing, to become Inhabitants there, under a Quit Rent to be settled by his Majesty, have this Day made the following Report to his Majesty, at this Board; viz.

The Lords of the Committee do humbly inform your Majesty, That they have long had this Matter under their Consideration, apprehending it would be greatly for your Majesty’s Service, and the Interest o Britain, That the Right of the Soil of the said Islands (houtd be vested in the Crown, in regard they are, by their Situation, most convenient for the reception of such -tish Ships as may, at any time, be sent into those Parts, for the Protection of our Trade, and of Privateers, for the Annoyance of an Enemy in Time of War. And, to that End, their Lordships had, some time since, directed the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations to treat with the Proprietors, for a Surrender thereof to your Majesty. Whereupon the said Lords Commissioners received a Signification under the Hands of Five of the said Proprietors, viz.The Duke of Beaufort, Lord Cra-

ven, Lord Berkeley, Sir John Colleton, and Robert Abdy, as One of the Executors and Devisees of Sir John Tyrrel, deceased, that they were willing to make a Surrender of their Right in the said Islands for the Sum of One thousand Guineas to be paid to each of them, clear of all Fees and Expences; reservingto themselves the Arrears of Rent that shall, at the Time of their Surrender, be due from the Lessees or Assignees of their Lease. That, as the Lord Carteret was the only Proprietor who had not signified his Consent to this Surrender,the Committee thought it necessary, before they proceeded further herein, to be informed, whether he was willing to concur with the rest of the said Proprietors; and therefore feut to Mr. Shelton, the Secretary to the said Proprietors, to wait upon the Lord Carteret, and to know his Resolution thereupon. And the said Mr. Shelton having accordingly been with the Lord Carteret, did attend this Committee, and inform them, That he had received the Lord Carteret's Directions to signify his Consent. to the Surrenderof his Right in the said Islands, upon the same Terms and Conditions offered by the other Proprietors. The Lords of the Committee hereupon proceeded to consider of the said Proposals, together with the Importance of the said Islands, to the Dominion and Trade of Great Britain in those Parts, and are humbly of Opinion, That it may be advifabie for your Majesty to accept a Surrender of the said Proprietors, of all their Right, Property, and Royalty, in and over the Soil of the Bahama Islands, for the Sum of One thousand Guineas, to be paid to each of them, clear of all Fees and Expences; upon Condition thatthey do re-linquifli to your Majesty all manner of Right to Rents, or Arrears of Rents, and to all Demands, of what Denomination soever, which they shall or may have a Claim to, at the Time of their making such Surrender of the said Islands.

And the Lords of the Committee do further humbly report to your Majesty, That having been informed that the said Proprietors had some time since granted a Lease of the said Islands for a Term of Years, Five whereof are asyet unexpired, with Power to the Lessees, or their Assigns, to make Grants of Land in Perpetuity, under a Quit Rent to be paid to the said Proprietors, originally set at Three Pence per Annum lor eac h Acre, but lately reduced to One Penny p Acre; they thought

proper to direct the Lords Commissioners lor Trade and Plantations to inquire into the fame, and to discourse with the Lessees about the Surrender of their said Lease.

Whereupon the said Lords Commissioners have represented to this Committee, That such Lease, as aforementioned, is now fubliliing: But that the Lessees have informed them, That they have hitherto granted few or none of the said Lands: And that the said Lessees have likewise informed them. That they have laid out very considerable Sums in Improvements in the said IfiaiuLs in fending over Inhabitants, Provisions, and Stores; in dislodging the Pirates who had settled themlehes there; and in defending those Islands from the Attempts of the Spaniards.

And that therefore the said Lessees hoped the said Sum would be paid to them, as should be paid to the Proprietors of the Bahamas, for the Pure-hale of those Islands.

Hereupon the Lords of the Committee beg Leave humbly to observeto your Majesty, That, although your Majestylhould be pleased to accept of the Surrender of the Proprietors Right, yet, unless the Right of tlirle Lessees be likewise purchased, your Majesty’s Governor of these Blands caunot be impowered to make any Grants of Lands to People inclined to come and settle there,during the Five Years Continuance of the said Lease; and consequently, no Improvements can be made,or thelfiaifdsltrengthened with Inhabitants,during that time: In regard where to their Lordships are humbly of Opinion that it may be advifabie for your Maj liy to cause the Right of the Lessees to be likewise purchased; and, considering that they may have been at fume Charges in making Improvements upon the said Blands, their Lordships humbly conceive, that the Sum of Two thousand Pounds will be a reasonable Consideration for the Purchase of the said Lease, and of all their Right and Demands whatsoever in and to the said Islands.

His Majesty this Day taking the said Report into . Royal Consideration, was pleased, with the Advice of his Privy Council, to approve thereof; and, judging it for the Good of his Service, and the Interest of Great Britain, that the Proposals for purchasing the Right both of the Proprietors and Lessees in the Bahama Islands should take Effect,

_ is hereby pleased to order, That she Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasurydo consider of the properell Method to complete the same.

May it please your Majesty.

Your Majesty having thought fit, with the Advice of your Privy Council, to approve of certain Proposals laid before your Majesty, by the Lords of the Committee of Council, for purchasing the Right of certain Pro prietors, and certain Lessees under them, in the Bahama Islands; and, by your Order in Council, hearing Date the ad Day of Augufllafl pall, to require us to consider

the properell Method to complete the said Purchases; we most humbly report to your Majesty,

That, to comply with the said Order, the Sums following are allowed to be paid; that is to say; to the Proprietors, namely the UuV.e of Beaufort, Lord Carteret f-ord

Craven, Lord Berkeley, Sir John Colleton, and Robert Abdy, as One of the Executors and Devisees of Sir John Tyrrel, d eceased, One thousand Guineas each, clear of all Fees and Expences, for the Purchaseand Surrender of all their Right, Property, and Royalty, in and over the Soil of the Bahama Islands, and in and to all manner of Rents, or Arrears of Rents, and to all Demands of what Denomination soever, which they shall or may have a Claim to.

20

at

Meulen’a

Nat.

11 Geo. II.

18* — *9° — 20* Mali.

loi

at the Time of their making inch Surren- £. ‘d.

der, which will amount to - ' 6*300 -" —

For purchasing the Right of certain 1

Lessees under the said Proprietors, and of 1 7 all their Demands whatsoevetmand to the '. ' said Islands - - - ' — —

In all, besides Fees and Expepces - 8,300 — —

We conceive, from the Nature of the respective Ef-tates and Interests proposed to be surrendered to_yo1ir Majesty, for the said Sum of Eight thou&rid):Three hundred Pounds, great Difficulties may arise, before the various Titles thereto, and the manner.of conveying the fame, can be adjusted, so as the Purchase thereof may be effectually secured to the Cjrown; but fhis.will be a Matter mol proper for your Majesty’s Attorney and Solicitor General to examine and consider, and report their Opinion to your Majesty thereupon. It seems to be agreed on all hands, that the veiling' the said Islands in the Crown will be for your Majesty’s Service, and the Interest of Great , in regard

they appear, by their Situation, most convenient ibr the Reception of such British-Ships, as may, at any time, be lent into those Parts for the Protection of our Trade, and of Privateers for the Annoyance of an Enemy in time of War.

Therefore we are not without Hopes, but that your faithful Commons, considering the Importance of the said Islands, will, upon a Motion in that Behalf, provide the Mouey for the purchase thereof, in like Manner as they did in the Year 1728, for the Purchase and Surrender of the Province of North Carolina, which1 required an Act of Parliament to make the same effectual; as, we presume, this may do.

All which is most humbly submitted to your Majesty-s great Wisdom.

MMaU, Tre*rmy Chamber,.

the oth of May, 1734. Wm CUt})Um'

Resolved, That an humble A ddrefs be presented to his Majesty, That he will be gr^cioiilly pleased tocontraft with the Proprietors, of the Bahamalflands, for the Purchase and Surrender of their Title and Interest in those Islands; and to alftire his Majesty, That tbisHdstfe will make good the Expence his Majesty shall be at, on account of the said Purchase, out of the^exf Aidj* io be grafted by Parl^unent.' i - .1 :ii’

Ordered, That ,the said AddneCs. he prelected itjp: his Majesty, by fqqh, ^lember? of thistUbtifcas am; of his Majesty’s p^>onqurable Privy COftoeik 'aliii o.

'i.,: r\yrl Ir ’ . -: ,iu>n.)d 1 c*dt eeigil

And thpp.^e, House ,adjo»riwdirtStt Totmotrow Mor^ing,1Nipp.flf;the,(3^ci..j.': oil!Inns-v;.-.-.

... 1o tv.‘‘ ' rl>’fttr.* > ' »./!’ od.t ni

"!I'**','jf.uTivft'11 iiui* ftj'ftl nl*Anii V'-.i.A

.:.ilit|u‘i;

Veneris 19* die Mait 5 1 , /*

Ordered,' That.'Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Kirwdbrigiit, tite'Cterk of the Crown,to make out a new Writ, Ibr 4cc*Writ-electing a Commissioner to serve in this1 prefect Parlia-toftity for the District of Burghs of fries, Lockmaben, Arman, and Sanquhar, in the rbotn of William Kirkpatrick Eftjuiie j 'rfhbj fitice his Elteftion for the; said District Of Burghs, has accepted the Office of One of the principal Qerks of thbCbftrt of Sessionin Scotland: ’

1 .

- m

11A Meflagefrom the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.-

Sartycr:'; 1 [: ,

!-i '"'Mr;'Speaker, j 5 *1- r'

'ThteLords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, AitAft Regulating to inipower' the Churt of Lord Mayor and Aldermen the Price of of VheCityof London to set the Price upon all ObaTs, Coal* oominonly called Sea Coals, imported into the Post of London from Netccastle,. and the Ports adjacent thereunto,' for the Space of One Year; and to oblige, for the Term therein mentioned, Fitters, and others vending and loading Ships With Sea Coals at Newcajtle, and the Ports adjacent thereunto, to deliver such Coals to any Mailers of Ships applying for the fame; and for further obliging Buyers and Sellers of'Sea Coals at Billingsgate, or other Place of Sale within the Bills of Mortality, to sign their Contracts for Coqjs; and for the Admedfurftrient of all Carriages whatsoever used in loading Ships with Coals in the Port of Ne&s-cdjlle, and Members ;thereunto belonging; without any Amendment:

And then the Messengers withdrew. 1

A Melfage from the Lords, by Mr. Holford, and Mr.

SdzOyer: -; ' "

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Prevention to ameod'an Act, passed in the Twejflh bodThiriefenth of Inconve-Year of the Rsign of King William the Third, intituled, p'rivulTeof An Act for preventing- anylnconvehie.ncies that may parliament, happen by Privilege of Parliament,; with some Amendments: To which Am^dments the; Lords desire the Cencintence!of tMb House. '

And then the Melfongers Witlidrew.' ’

,.i.t; '* ..... t'\.. . f *f; M .*vt yifS'»

i. < i iAnd then thb ilot»fe}ttdjb«rnedl! till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

.. m.J :i v; 1 ’

a.

Ml.

> yii'onvAntto n^ Georgii.Ii# Regis, 1738.

; tit?

Prayers. :l.h U

1

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, ifttitbled. An Act to naturallie Frederick VartidqrMeulekh‘yfd»xesA

a Second time. - »’ «7. 7 l7,n, < v. '- ’

1 Resolved, Ttiat: the BillW;committe4 to’ Mf. Alder,-'VttSLn.Willimdtt/^dr. Htixlhy,-'Mr.\F Sir

fames Lowthe'r, 'M*r. Brodie, LbjVi Sir John

Shelley, Mr.: Wilts',*' M r: StcrME' Danvdts', ' Sir

Mor daunt, Mr. Onslow, M r. Dennis, Sir Williams,

Mri. \Grqffe’, Mr.; \Ptifii(loh, Mr.^ M

Si vJamesr.'Languevitte, Mt. Mh.Turner,

Mr. Tuoker, Mr.\Hncks, Mr. Bor6leJ, Mr. G'ybbon, Mr. Woirtley, Mr; MfaitagtifMr.' OJbdldeston, ME Sblicitor

General; MV; Fort^,' Sir TfyMdi 'IBbother',:Mrt jCumjey, Mr. Bayntun RoU .*> And they are tb meet this Afternoon^ at Five of the Clock; in the Speaker’sChatnber. 1 ‘

: Vot,. 23.

PRAYJBRRtr

1 t #> t ‘ i; 1 7 < Oli 1\ 1 t 1 / J if 1 - s

M R. Comptroller reported so the Hobfe, That their Answer to Address of Yeilerdtiy, Thai tts Majesty would.be Addrefc. gracioefly pleated to corf taft. with tbb.Proprietors of the Bqhqjua islands for, the Purchase ami Surrender of their Ifitle and Interest in those Islands* And' to assure his Ma-j^ny. That this House will makb'gpod the Expence iris Majesty shall oe at on account of the said Purchase, out of tba next Aids to be granted by Parliament, bad been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give the proper Orders pursuant to their Address.

, ’lov- ’' . 4*1'- '

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Prevention Afppndments. mfwle by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, of Ineonve-An.7Aft.lf0 amen4..a° Act, passed in the Twelfth and ciencits of Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King p^Uament.

T^ird; intitOiled, An Act for preventing any Inconve-njenipiefs. that may happen by Privilege of Parliament:

Ana the said Amendments were read; and are as follow;

Press 2. L. 27. Leave out, " the said respective (‘j, Courts," and, instead, thereof, insert "any of the ^Courts of, Great Seffinns in Wales, Courts of Session " in tW, Counties Palatine of Cl, Lancaster, and t( Durham, Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and

3 F " Exchequer

%02

SO® Mail

A. 173?.

" Exchequer, in Ireland, after any Dissolution, Prorogation, or such Adjournment, as aforesaid, or before any Session of Parliament, or Meeting of both " Houses, as aforesaid, to hare and use such and the " like Methods of Proceeding.; nod to issue such and the like Procels against any lech Peer or Lord of * Parliament, or against any of the said Knights, Cifizens, and Burgees, or other Persons, intitled to the Privilege of the Parliament of Great Britain, as the " Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas and Exchequer in England, are, by the said recited Act im-u powered and directed to use and issue respectively: And that it shall and may be lawful, to and for the " Court of Chancery of and the Coqrt of

" Equity in the Exchequer there, to >hn*e and use such " and the like Methods of Proceeding, and to issue such " and the like.Process, within the Times and against " thp Persons aforesaid, as the High Count of Chapcery of Great Britain, qnd the Court of Exchequer, in England, are, by the said . recited Act, rfspectively " directed and imppwered to use and issue: And that it *. shall and may be lawful to and for any of the other Courts herein before described,

Pr. 2. L. 28. After " said,", insert " recited Act, or "by this."

The said Amendments, being feyerally read, a Second time, were, upon the Question. severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this-Hotffe hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Satvyer:

<. Mr. Speaker, "; . !'

Removing The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Durabilities, for securing tlje Estates of Papists, conforming,to the ^ng papists,* ProteAant Religion, against the Disabilit^es created by ’ several Acts of Parliament relating to Papists!; and for . rendering more effectual the Several, Acts of Parliament made for vesting in the Two Vnurntfitips, in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Presentationfe of-Benefices belonging to Papists; with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. 'j; ic ,/t'-

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the said Amendments.

And the same w^rereadi; and- are as follow; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 39. After "rofleflioh, insert of any " such Manor^Mtffi&igiSjf ^oLSnelsi oTmtements, or " Hereditaments:":

Pr. 3. L. 12. Leave out the Proviso diieflMlJb come in before the WordsI^AildwhereaSjf' and, infteita thjre-of, insert thejPMviftfndrked/X: *'> 1J-vJ-

bX: & Provided rlahtfays; - That nothing irf' tltfiAft " contained shaft 'tfittetid totake aVvat or* pijeiudtoethe "Right ofany Perth t*4mit!ted>tb drfy Remainder or Rh-? version in anly such Manors^ Melflldges, Landi, Tetib-j"ments, of BieiWWtfalm^nts. iVr eafefuteh Personinall .*> purfufe hisor birsaid1 Right,- byffime Action or Suit, tb 1" be commenced within the Sffrtce? of TwftVe Calends " Months Inext;after thte precedent1 Estate hr EftaWS oh y<which such Remainder or RevCrfion depend^ hrtd is " expectant, shall be determined, and shall prose^ute " such Action o? Shit With due'Dilig^bdel1* -' ~!i The First Amendment, being read1;a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon} agreed to by'me House. ' ' > ' 10 i

The Second Amendment, for leaving out the Pfbviso directed to come in before1 the Worde And whftpas," being read a Second time, was poftpotied. ‘

The Proviso marked X, being an ingrossed Pro.Vish, was read a Second time;"0 '

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Proviso, by inserting, after the Wbrd d€$dfn$tie(l,|’ and before the Word "and," these Words; *or withip

" Twelve Calendar Months from and after the 29th Day j* of September 1738, if such precedent Estate or Estates " be already determined, by the Death or Deaths of any Person or Persons, w,hose Deaths have been concealed " from, or not known to, the Person intitled to such Remainder or Reversion, by reason of their having " been buried beyond the Seas, or in a private and clandestine manner at home." ' *

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted; ,;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas Sir Bobert leuers for the l eas, j

f Sir John Shelly,

f ft*-

ILl

4*7*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative. , 1

1'hen the said PrdVifa* so amended^ was, upon tke Question put thereupon, agreed toi by tire House. -ITre'Second Amendment, which Was postponed, wds, upon the Question put thereupon, -agreed to by the House. v .;

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the >B1I1 to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this -Hobfe hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships, with au Amendment to One of them: To which Amendment this Hbufe doth desire tire Concurrence of their Lordships.

Mr. Alderman IViUimott reportedfrom the Committee :to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to naturalize Frederick Vander Mewas

committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and fiad'directed him. to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerks Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time. '

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman; WillimoU docarry- the Bill to the Lords, arid acquaint them, That1 this Hobfe hath; agreed to the lame, Without any; Amendment.

| ! I ;nn-n

I "A -Message from1 thO-Lords, by M.v. HolJbrd and Mr. Skuyefi' '

->' ' - Mr.-Speaker,' *>! :I \ t,:"! ’*

The Lords have agreed to the Attiebdment, made by this'Hbufe, to Qnd of Amendments, inaide b^ t^ejr

Lordships,;to the‘ Bill,1 intituled, An1 Act forfectiring the Estates of Papists, cobfermingto the1 Pfotestant Religion, against the Disabilities created by several Acts of "Parliament mfetlttg tt>Papists; and;lbr revering more effectual the several Acts of Parliament hiade for vesting in the Two Universities, in that Part of Great Britain called Engkind,-the Presentations of Benefices betongiTIg to Papists.

And then the Messengers, withdrew;.' . A

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Road:

i ' -A

this honourable House to attend

his Majesty,1 immediately, in the House of; Peers., Aqcondingly, Mr. ^pe^ker,^th the House, went up 'to aftend his Majesty in the House of Peers; where his Majesty was pleafeia to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

' An Act . for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by u "Lind Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, lor the Servicte of 'the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-eight: ' 1

An Act for granting to* his Majesty the Sum of Two Millionsfor the Service-of the Year Ope tholtfand Seven hundred and Thirty-eight; and for paying tb: the Go-Vern pr and Company of the Bank of England One Million fpq redeeming an Annuity of Forty.thousand Pounds,

Sayable to them; and for the further appropriating the Applies granted in this Session of Parliament: ' ';

An

Meulen*

Nat.

Removiof Disabilities of conforming Papists, &c*

Royal Assent to Bills*

11 Geo. II. 20® MaiL 203

An Act to continue TwpfevettilA^s therein men- 1 iamentmade for vetting in l^heTwo Universitles, in that Royal A (Tent tioned; one for encouraging the (growth of Coffee in Part of called England, the Prefeptations toBilte.

his Majesty’s Plantations in America y and the other for of Benefices belonging to Papins :, the better securing and engonraging the Trade'p^ Jus An Act! to amend an , A^, passed in the Twelfth Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America: ' . ' and Thjipteenth Year of the Reign of King William

An Act to indemnify Perfpp.s who have omitted (to the Third, jntjtpled, An Act for prevepting any Iqcon-qualify themselves for Qflipes>,orto read the Prayers, and veni^pcije?fhat may happen by Privilege 01 Parlja-to make the Declarations and Subscriptions required, ment: '

within the respective Times limited by Law j and for al- An A$ forcpntinuing the Term and Powers grant-

lowing further Times for those Purposes: ed and-gi ven by the Acts, ,'passed in the Eleventh and

An Act for the Relief of such Prisoners for Debt, as Twelfth Year of the Retgri,of the Third,

have, by unavoidable Accidents, loft the Benefit of an and in the Ninth and Tenth Years of tine Rpign of his Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, late JV^jesty King, (rtorge, for pairing the Harbour of An Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors; and for the Doverin- the County- of Kent, and for restoring the Indemnity of such Sheriffs, and Gaolers, as have incurred Harbour of Rye, in the.Coppty of to its afitipnt

any Penalties, on account of such Prisoners not being Gpodnef?.: , (

discharged} and for extending the Benefit of the said Act An Act for continuing the Terms and Powers to Creditors, whose Debtors were committed to Prison granted and given by the Acts, passed in the Twelfth since the ift Day of January 1730, and were detained and Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty there upon the 1 ft Day of January 1736, and havechofe King William, and the Tenth Year of her late Majesty to continue there: Queen for recovering, securing, and keeping in

An Act for continuing an Act, made in the Sixth Repair, the Harbour of Minehead, in the County of Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Somerfe

Act for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ball allage An Act for enlarging the Time granted by an Act,

in the River Thames: passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his Ip te Majesty

An Act for building a Bridgecross the River Thames, King George, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Titpe from the Woolf aple, or thereabouts, in the rariih of St. granted by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign

Margaret, in the City of Westminster, to the oppofilje of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for Shore, in the County of Surry: , making a convenient Dock or Bason at Liverpool, for the

An Act for the better regulating the Manufacture of ‘ Security of all Sliips trading to and from the said Port of narrow Woollen Cloths in the West Riding of the County Lvoerpooley and for enlarging the fame, by making an of York:; additional Pock, and budding a Pier in the open Harbour

An Act for the more effectual securing the Payment ' there; anil for enlightening the said Dock: of certain Sums of Money, directed by an Act, made ip An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, by Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Third, and the intituled, An Act for Relief of the Poor, to be paid by other of the Tenth, Year of the Reign of Ids late Ma-the respective Treasurers of every County in England jesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways and Wales, for the Relief of the poor Prisoners of the from that Part of Coyntyr.s which lies in the King’s Bench and Mdrjhalfea Prisons: Parish of Kenfngton, in' the County of lead-

An Act for punishing such Persons as shall do Injuries ing through . the Tovyhs of Brentford and Jiounjlow, to and Violences to the Persons pr Properties of his Ma- the Powder Mills, in the Koad to and to Crpo-

jesty’s Subjects, with Intent to hinder the Exportation ford Bridge, in the fa^l County, in the Road to (Join-of Corn: brooke: (r I An Act for enforcing the Execution of an- Act, - , An Act for enlarging the -Term and Powers granted made in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, and given by an Act, passed ini the Twelfth Year of the intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers Reign of his late Majesty King for repairing the

of Spirituous Liquors, and for liceuling tjhe Retainers fcom ^L^emsford the Couctyof Hertford, to

.thereof: , , . ‘Welwyn,‘and.from thgnceto and from

An Act for the more effectual securing the Payment feyn, through Codicot, to Hite bin, in the said County; of Rents, and preventing Frauds ty Tenants: and plfci fqr repairing the Roads fronj to

An Act for explaining and an^ending gn Act, the Hitchin; ’ 1 Eighth Year of his present Majftly’s, Reign, intituled, An Act ^r repair!pg the Roads from the Town of An Act for the Application of thejKents and Profits of Iaugh'b in the County octo the Town of the Estates, forfeited by the Attainders of fames late ‘Derby, in the County of Derby, and from the said Town Earl of Derwentwater, and Charles iRadclipi i ., of Derby, to the ToWn of Brajfngton, in the said County

An Act to impower the Court of Lord Mayor and <?f Darid from the said* Town of Derby, through

Aldermen of the City of London to set the Price upon the Town of Ashbovne, in the said County of Derby, to all Coals, commonly called Sea, Coais, imported intp the " HurdlvHoule, in the Parish of Hartington, in the said port of London, from Newcajlte, hjidthe Ports adjacent County: ,

thereunto, for the Space of One Year; and to oblige, for An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted

the Term J.herei n mentioned, Fitters, arid others vending by Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Fourth and and ioadhigSliips'with Sea Coal.s,(.at A^wc^/e. ,anid the the other of the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Ports adjacent thereunto, (o deliver such CoaL tp any Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Mailers of Ships applying for the Tapie; and for further Roads from the Stones End in sin the Pa-

obliging Buyers and Sellers of Sea Coals, at Billingsgate, rish of Saint George, in Southwark, in the County of or other Place of Sale, within the Bills of Mortality, to Surry, leading to the Lime Kilns in Eufi Greenwich, sign their Contrafts for Coals} and for the Admeasure- to the First Mill Pond, at South End, in the Parish ment of all Carriages w.hatsoever, ,^fed in loading Ships of Lewi/ham, in the County of Kent j and for amend-with Coals in th.pPort -of Newcastle^xidMembersihere- ing the Road from Ferry at Lambeth, iu

unto belonging: the said County of to in

An Act for fllp^ing further Titne jfor Iprolment . of in the said County of Kent; and for amending and Deeds and Wills made by Papists, pxid for Relief of Fro- making the said Acts more effectual; and for amending testant Purftiafers^pevifees, and Lessees :.' the Roads from the Lime Kilns aforesaid, to the Town

An Act for securing,the Estates. of papists, conform? of Dartford, in the said County, and from a Place ing to the Protestant^pligion, against'-the pi.fabilities passed Saint Thomas a Waterings, in the said Parish of created by several Acts of Parliament relating to Papists; St. George, to the Stones in Bermandfey-street^ ip apd for rendering more effectual the several Acts of Par- the said County;

Vol. 23. An

1C

204 2<? Mati. 1738.

Koytl A (Tent An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted the Counties of bucks and Hertford, of greater Value, to Bill*, in and by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of her late to the like Uses, in lieu thereof:

Majesty Queen Anne, for enlarging, amending, and , An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, maintaining, the Road between Northfleet, Graoefend,in the Kingdom of Part of the settled Estate and Rochester,in the County of Kent; and also another of Richard Earl of Burlington and Corke, in Trustees, Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King to be sold, for' Payment of Debts; and for settl ing other George the First, for enlarging the Term granted by the Lands and Hereditaments, of greater Value, to the same said former Act; and for other. Purposes therein men- Uses:

tioned; and for explaining and amending the said Acts; An Act for explaining and amending a certain Trust and also for repairing the Highway from Northfleet and Power, contained in the Settlement made on the aforesaid to Dartford,in the said CountyMarriage of Richard Lord Viscount of the

An Act for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Kingdom of Ireland, with Mary Lady Molyneux his Church, through Hackney,' to Stanford Hill, and cross now Wife, for railing Portions for the Daughters of the Cambridge Heath, over BethnaU Green, to the Turnpike said Marriage; and for the bettor ascertaining, and more at Mile End, in the County of Middlefei: effectually securing, the said Portions:

An Act for the more effectual Draining and Pre- An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir servation of certain Fens, called Cawdle Fen, Waterden, rice Baronet with Lady Lucy Wharton; and to enable and Redmore, and one Piece of Een Ground, called the him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein Holts, in the Isle of Ely, in the County o(Cambridge: mentioned: , J‘

An Act to enable the Adventurers, Owners, and Pro- An Act to enable Sir Bryan Broughton Baronet, an prietors, of the taxable Lands, and the Owners and Pro- Infant, to enter into Marriage Articles, notwithstanding prietors of tire Free Lands, in Deeping Fens, and other his Infancy:

Fens, in the County of Lincoln, therein mentioned, to An Act for exchanging Part of the Glebe Lands, and raise a competent Sum of Money, for the effectual drain- Hereditaments belonging to the Rector of Stratford ing, and future Preservation, Of all the said Fens, ac- Toney, in the County of Wilts, for other Lands belong-cording to their Agreement in that behalf; and to cany ing to the Lord of the Manor:

the said Agreement into Execution; and for other the An Act to enable Trustees to grant Building Leases of Purposes therein mentioned: certain Messuages, in the Parishes of St. Martin in the

An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Church Fields, and St. Clement Danes, in the County of -of the Parilli of AH Saints, in the City of Worcester sex, late the Estate of Henry May Esquire,deceased:

An Act to enlarge the Term apd Powers granted by An Act for confirming the Sale of the Leasehold an Act of Parliament^ made and passed in the Third Estate late of Barnaby Coles Gentleman, deceased; and Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, inti- for vesting his Freehold Estates in Trustees, to be sold, tuled, An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of for Payment of his Debts:

St. Mary, Rotherhilh, in the County of Surry, by certain An Act to enable the Guardian of Amy Symes, and Ca-

Funeral Rates therein mentioned, to finish the said therineSymes, Infants, to join in making Leases of Lands,

' Parish Church; and to enable the said Parishioners to in the Counties of Somerset and Devon, with the other raise such further Sums of Money'as shall be necessary Owners thereof, during the Minority of the said Infants: for purchasing a convenient‘Piece of Ground,' for an An Act for confirming and establishing an Agreement

additional Burial Ground; and for other the Purposes between William Gentleman, and , Cuthbert

therein mentioned: Hodgson Gentleman, in relation to the Will and Estate

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the of Michael Studholm, Esquire, deceased:

.Eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Robert An Act for rebuilding ^he Parish Church of St. Leonard, Packer Esquire, deceased, in the County of for

Shoreditch, in the County o f Middlesex: discharging Incumbraoces thereupon:

An Act to impbwer the present Trustees under the An Act for vesting certain Mills, Lands, and Here-last Will and Testament of JohnMarshall Gentleman, ditaments, in the Parishes of Ware, and deceased, tq laj/ out a certain Sum of Money, nOw in in the County of Hertford, being Part of the Estate of their Hands, for pulling down and rebuilding the Pa- Thomas PlummerBydeiSquire, an Infant, and comprised 'rish Church of Christ Church, in the County of Surry;inhisGrandfather’sMarriageSettlement,iniheGovemor

and for. inclosing a Piece of Ground, lately purchased, and Company of the brought from ChqdxoeU.

for an additional Church-yard to the said Church: , and Amwell to London, and their Successors; and for

An Act for the better enlightening the open Places, securing a perpetual Rent-charge, in lieu thereof, for the Streets, Lahe4, Passages, anclCourts; and for the bet- Benefit of the Personsclaimingunder the saidSettlement: ter regulating the nightlyA^atch, and Beadles; within . An Act for enabling to make aXleafe or the Parish of Christ Church,-in the County of Middlesex: Leases of certain Messuages and Tenements, and a An Act for- vesting the real and personal Estate of Wharf, therein mentioned, situate in the Parish of HughNaifh Esquire, who was late a PrisonerAn his Ma- Andrew, Wardrobe, in the City jesty's Prison o,f the Fleet, and, escaped out of the fame, . An Act to enable D&rothea Clerk to fell Lands in the ,in Trustees, for1 the Benefit of his Creditors; Coimty of Dumfreis, for Payment of Debts charged

1 An Act for continuing the Ujuty of Two Penies Scots, thereupon; and to purchase other Lands, to be settled or One Sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, on e^ch Pint of to’the same Uses as the Estate to be sold is settled:

Ale and Beer, that shall be vended or sold within the An Act to enable fohnNairne, to.sue, or maintain any Town of Inrletnqfs and Privileges thereof for paying Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to the Debts of the said Town; aiwl other Purposes therein remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said At-'jnehtioned:'V , 'V . tainder, to‘take or inherit any real or personal Estate

An Actfir vesting the Manor of Goldbom, Part of the that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him:

settled Estate of William Duke.of Devonshire,in the An Act to enable William Douglas, eldest lawful

County of Laiicaster; in the said Duke and his Heirs; Son to Sir Robert Douglas of Gtenberyic, Baronet, to 'ail'd for settling the Manor of Blackwall,in the County sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding

of Derby,in lieu thereof, to the like Uses: his Attainder; and to'remove any Disability in him, by

An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments, reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or hi the Counties of Kent, Suffolk, Essex, Hereford, and personal Estate that may have defeended or come to him, Monmouth, and the City of London,intailed, by the Will since his late Majesty’s most gracious Pardon, dated the of Elizabeth late Duchess of Bedford, in John Duke of 6th Day of February, in the Sixth Year of his Reign, or Bedford, in Fec-simple; and fdr settling other Estates, in that shall hereafter defeend or come to him:

' An

Thfc King's Speech.

Prorogation

of

Parliament.

12 Geo. II. 20° — y° c,of

An Act for reducing the Stint of the Horse or Bead Pad urea and Sheep Commons, within the Manor, Town, and Parish, of Cajtle Donnington, in the County of

Leicester:

An Act for inclosing and dividing the common Fields, Walks, and uninclosed Grounds, within the Manor, Township, or Hamlet, of in the County of

Bucks; and for the making effectual certain Exchanges therein mentioned:

An Act for inclosing and dividing the common Mead or Moor, called Speen Mead, or Speen Moor, in the County of Berks:

An Act for inclosing and dividing the commonFields and Common Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Bin-broke, i n the Cou nty of Lincoln:

An Act to enable William Missing herd Esquire, heretofore called William Meux, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of pur-

fuantto a Settlement made by Sir Baronet, deceased:

An Act to enable Thomas May Esquire, and his Sons, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies, to take and life the Surname of Knight, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth Knight deceased:

An Act for naturalizing John Jujlin Peter

Untzellman, Henry Klencke, and others:

An Act for naturalizing Philip Rigail:

An Act to naturalize Herman Bernard and John Bofquain:

An Act to naturalize Frederick Vander Meulen:

After which, his Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as followed!; viz.

this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Thtirfday the Twenty-seventh Day of July next. ______

..... ,i

Jovts, ‘die 'fufiiy

Anno iz’ Georgii IP1 R«gf«,/1738.

Hp IJ t, House being met, according to the Wt jpror ParUawrnt X rogation j j ' v further

A Manage was brought from the Lords, by J>ir WiU r°t>ue* liamSaunderfon? Deputy Gentleman Ullier of the Rod;. , V-

Mr. Speaker, V -

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his M*"'3fty’s Commission, delire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing the Parliament untH the Thirteenth Day of Odobernext: And the Parlia- -i

ment was accordingly prorogued until Friday the Thir- 1

teenth Day of October next.

Veneris, 13* OBobris;

Anno 12* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1738.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

ft is with great Satisfaction I observe, That the Temper and Moderation which I recommended to you, at the Opening of this Session, have been so well preserved through the general Course of your Proceedings; and that, from a due Regard to me and my Honour, you have avoided all unnecessary Occasions of Heats and Animosities, and made the Interest of your Country the principal Object of your Care and Consideration.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I return j'ou my Thanks for the Supplies which you have so chearfully and effectually raised for the Service of the current Year. The Provision you have made to answer all Emergencies which may become necessary, in Vindication of the Honour and Interest of my Crown and People, is a great Proof of your Zeal and Concern for the Welfare and Prosperity of the Nation; and shall be employed by me in such a manner, as may belt con- duce to those Ends and Purposes for which you have so readily consented to this extraordinary Expence.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

Agreeably to what hath appeared to be the concurrent Opinion of both Houses of Parliament, I have given Orders to repeat, in the strongest and most prelfing manner, my Instances at the Court of , for obtaining Satisfaction for the many Injuries and Losses sustained by my trading Subjects in America, as well as an effectual Security of their Rights for the futurei and, I hope, from the Justice and Equity of the Catholick King, to procure such Satisfaction and Security, as may preserve the Peace, and establish a free and uninterrupted Exercise of Navigation and Commerce, mutually, between the Subjects of both Crowns, pursuant to our Treaties, and the Law of Nations.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty’s Command, said.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is his Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, That this Parliament be prorogued to Thnr/day the Twenty-seventh Day of July next, to be then here held: And Vox. 23.

THE House being met, according to the last Pro- Parliament rogation; farther pro.

A Message was brought from the Lords by Sir WU- ro®ne^* liam Saunderfon, Deputy Gentleman Uiher of the Black

Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this ho* nourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing the Parliament until Thursday the Seventh Day of December next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until the

Seventh Day of December next.

Jovisy 70 die Decembris;

Anno 12* Georgii IP* Regis, 1738.

THE House being met, according to the last Pro- Parliament rogation; further pro-

A Message was brought from the Lords by Sir - roSaed* liam Saunderfon, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black

Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, delire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing the Parliament until day the Eighteenth Day of January next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until the Eighteenth Day of January next.

36 By

5*l

by

»o6 i8° Januara. — I'Felruarii.

A. 1738.

By the King.

A PROCLAMATION.

GEORGEK

Proclamation W7 HER E A S our Parliament (lands prorogued to

V Thursday the Seventh Day of December next: We, with the Advice of our Privy Council, do hereby publish.and declare, That the said Parliament shall be further prorogued, on the said Seventh Day of,

to Thursday the Eighteenth Day of January next ensuing; and we have given Order to our Chancellor of Great Britain to prepare a Commissioir for proroguing the same accordingly: And we do hereby further declare

our Royal Will and Pleasure, That the said Parliament shall, on the said Eighteenth Day of January next, be held, and fit, for the Dispatch of divers weighty and important Affairs; and the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, of the House of Commons, are hereby required to give their Attendance accordingly, at Westminster, on the said Eighteenth Day

of January next.

Given at ourCourt at St.James's, the Thirtieth Day o

November 1738, in the Twelfth Year of our Reign*

GOD save the King.

Jovis, 18* die Januarii;

Anno Regni i2° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1738.

Parliament T'"' E House being met, pursuant to the Proclama-forther J, tion hereunto annexed; prorogued* A Message was brought from the Lords by Sir Wm.

Saunderfon, Deputy Gentleman U(her of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until Thursday the First Day of February next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the Full Day of February next.

Vafige*

attend the King-

Members take Oaths.

Cltnriestine

Outlawries.

The King’s Speech reported.

Jcvis, i® dieFebruarii; Anno i2* Georgii IP' Regis, 1738.

A MESSAGE from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, Gentleman U(her of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty,.immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up <0 attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Several Members, returned upon new Writs, took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and tpok and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the Laws made for those Purposes.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty, in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy: Which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz. '

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I have, upon all Occasions, declared how sensibly I have been affected with the many Hardships and Injuries sustained by my trading Subjects in America. I have the Honour of my Crown, and the true Interest of my People, too, much at Heart, to fee either of them suffer any Prejudice or Diminution, without pursuing the most proper and advantageous Methods for their real Security and Preservation.

There Considerations alone were sufficient to incite me to exert my utmost Power in vindicating and protecting ©ur undoubted Rights and Privileges of Navigation and Commerce; and nothing could add to my own Zeal in so just a Cause but the due Regard I always have to the Petitions and Complaints of my Subjects, and the Advice of my Parliament. The Wisdom and Prudence of your

Resolutions upon this great and national Concern determined me to begin with the more moderate Mea fines; and to try, once more, what Effect and Influence my friendly Endeavours, and prelfing Instanees, would bate upon the Court of Spain, towards obtaining that S itis-faction and Security which we were intitled to demand and expett: And your Assurances, to l’upport me in all Events, enabled me to proceed with proper Weight and Authority.

Thus (upported, by the concurrent Advice of both Houses of Parliament, I loft no time in making Prreparations to do myself and my People J a It ice, if the Conduct of the Court of Spain had laid us under that Necessity; and, at the same time, I did, in the strongest manner, repeat my Inllances for obtaining fuel) Justice and Reparation for the many Injuries and Lodes already sustained, and such an effectual Security for the future, as might prevent the Consequences of an open Rupture.

It is now a great Satisfaction to me that I am able to acquaintyou, That the Measures I liavepurfued havehad so good an Effect that a Convention is concluded, and ratified between me and the King of; whereby, upon Consideration had of the Demands on both Sides, that Prince hath obliged himself to make Reparation to my Subjects for their Losses,by acertaiu stipulated Payment: And Plenipotentiaries are therein named and appointed for regulating, within a limited time, ail those Grievances and Abuses which have hitherto interrupted our Commerce and Navigation in the American; and for settling all Matters in dispute, in fuel) a manner, as may, for the future, prevent and remove all new Causes and Pretences of Complaint, by a strict Observance of our mutual Treaties, and a just Regard to the Rights and Privileges belonging to each other. I will order the Convention, and the separate Articles, to be laid before you.

It hath been my principal Care to make use of the Confidence you reposed in me, in this critical and doubtful Conjuncture, with no other View, but the general and lasting Benefit of my Kingdoms; and, if all the Ends which are to be hoped for, even from fiiccelsful Arms, can be attained, without plunging the Nation into a War, it must be thought, by all reasonable and unprejudiced Persons, the most deficable Event

Gentlemen,


12 Geo. II. i Februari207

Gentlemen of the Hottfe of Commons*

I have ordered the proper Estimates to be prepared and laid before you, for the Service of the current Year. I heartily wish.That the Poflure of Affairs would have permitted me to retrench the publick Expences, for which I am obliged to demand the present Supplies. And I make no doubt but your experienced Zeal and Affection for me and my Government, and the proper Concern you have always shewn for the publick Good, will induce you to grant me such Supplies as you shall find necessary for the Honour and Security of me and my Kingdoms.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I cannot but earned ly recommend it to you, not to suffer any Prejudices or Animofuies to have a Share in your Deliberations at this important Conjuncture; which seems, in a particular Manuer, to call upon you to unite, in carrying on such Measures as will be most conducive to the true interest and Advantage of my People.

Address on A Motion being made, and the Quell ion being pro-th*> King’s posed, That an humble Address be presented to his Ma-Speech. jesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House for his most gracious Speech from the Throne; to acknowledge his Majesty’s Goodness, in the constant Regard he hath been pleased to express to the Petitions and Complaints of his Subjects and the Advice of Parliament, and in pjurfning such Measures, for the Honour* of his Crown and the true interest of his People, as his Majesty in his great "Wifdom judged to be moll proper and advartageousj to congratulate his Majesty upon the Success of his Royal Endeavours, in concluding a Convention with the King o{Spain, whereby Reparation is ftipnlated lo be made and paid to his Majesty’s injured Subjects, and Plenipotentiaries are appointed for regulating all those Grievances and Abuses which have hitherto interrupted our Commerce and Navigation, and for removing all future Causes and Pretences of Complaint; to allure his Majesty, That this House will effectually support his Majesty in accomplishing and bringing to Perfection this great and necessary Work, in such a manner as may answer the just Demands and Expectations of his Majesty and his People; and to af-sure his Majesty, That this House will grant to his Majesty such Supplies as shall be necessary for the Honour and Security of his Majesty and his Kingdoms, and endeavour to.avoid all Heats and Animosities in carrying on the publick Bufioefs at this critical and important Conjuncture.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word "Throne," to the Words " and to allure his Majesty, That this " House will grant;"

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out Hand Part of the Question j

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Te^for,heYeM>{ }2}0.

Telle, for heNoe* j ^S^f- }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House for his most gracious Speech from the Throne; to acknowledge his Majesty s Goodness, in the constant Regard he hath been pleased to express to the Petitions and Complaints of his Subjects, and the Advice of Parliament, and in pursuing such Measures, for the Honour of his Crown and the true interest of his People, as his Majesty in his great Wisdom judged to be most proper and advantageous; to congratulate his Majesty upon the Success of his Royal Endeavours in concluding a Convention with the King of Spain, whereby Reparation is stipulated to be made and paid to his Majesty’s injured Subjects, and Plenipotentiaries are appointed for regulating all those Grievances and Abuses which have hitherto interrupted our Commerce and Naviga-Vot. *3.

tion, and for removing all future Causes and Pretences of Complaint; to assure his Majesty, That this House will effectually fnppo t his Majesty iu accomplishing and bringing to Perfection, this great and necessary Work, in such a manner as may answer the just Demands and Expectations of his Majesty and his People; and to assure his Majesty that this House will grant to his Majesty such Supplies as tlia.il be necessary for the Honour and Security of his Majesty and his Kingdoms, and endeavour to avoid all Heats-and Animosities in carrying on the publick Bufioefs at this critical and important Conjuncture

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed accordingly:

And it is referred to Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr. Fane,

Mr. Howe, Mr. Pelham, Mv.Winnington, Mr. , Lord

Glenorchy, Lord 1Zufion, Mr. Forester, Sir Robert Brown, M r. Cluiterbuck, Lord Harry Pozvlttt, M r.

pole, Mr. Sci'ope, Lord Gallway, Sir Roger Mr. Dodington.Mr. Tower, M r.FitzRoy, Mr. Kent. Mr. Walker, Mr. Bance, Mr. Byng, Colonel Lord

Middlesex, Sir Thomas Frankland, Mr. Frankland, Mr.

Hales, Lord Tyrconnel, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Archer, Sir lien. l.iddell, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Secretary at War,

Lord JohnSackville, Mr Earle, ColonelMordaunt, Mr.

Edgcumbe, Mr. Stert, Mr. Danvers, Colonel Cornwallis;

or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw imtne-

7 ft

diately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Minehead the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, electing a Bnrgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Minehead, in the County of Somerset, in the room of Sir William Codrington Knight and Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Lynn Regis the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ. electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Lynn Regis, in the County of Norfolk, in the room of Sir Charles Turner Knight and Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Nottingham the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ. electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Nottingham, in the room of Thomas Bennett Esquire, deceased.

Orderml, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Thetford the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ. electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Bofough of Thetford, in the County of Norfolk, in the room of Sir Edmund Bacon, of Gillingham, Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Grampound the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ. electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Grampound, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Philip Hawkins Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wenlock the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ. electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wenlock, in the County of Salop, in the room of Samuel Edwards F.squire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Cardiff the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ. electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan, in the room of the honourable Herbert Windjor Esquire, now Lord Mont joy, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Oxford the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new W rit for Writ.

electing

i# — 2° Fe

lp8

A. 1738.

electing a Citiifch to ferVein tfeis present Parliament for the City of Oxford, in the room of EsqUirfc, One of his Majesty’s Seijeents at Law; who, fibce'his Election ‘for the feidCity, hath aecepted the Office of Chief Justice of Chefl 1

1 . ! '.-i -

And theft the House adjourned till tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V( eneris, 2* die Februarii;

Anno 12* Georgii II*1 Regis, 1738; Praters.

Grand /ORDERED, That the Grand Committee for Religion

Cvmmittees. t/ every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House’

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Committee Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elec-ef Privileges, tions be appointed of Mr. Earle, Mr. Rawlinson Earle, *c’ Mr. Longtteville, Mr Rife, Mr Sir Robert Clifton, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Slerl, Mr. Scrope, Lord,

Mr. Balle, Sir Thomas Mr. Piers, Mr.

Arfcott, Mr. Vere, Mr. Mr. Kent, Mr. Whi-

ttington, Sir Hen. Liddell, Mr. Walker, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Fox, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Lord Vere Beauderk, Mr. Fade, Sir John Heathcote, Mr.

ton, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Praed, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. fitaigh. Lord Middlesex, Mr. May, Colonel Stuart, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Hay, Sir Herbert Pakington, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Laroche, Sir Thomas Read, Sir Win. Heathcote, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Secretary at War, Lord Glenorchy, Mr. ScaMr. Clayton, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Owen, Mr. Olmius, General Wade, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Nathanael Mr. Horfmonden Tur-

ner, Sir Michael Newton, Sir James Grant, Mr. Alderman Parsons, S\r Robert Browne, Mr. Hanbury Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Watts, Mr. J Far dour, Mr. Ashe, Mr. Bladen, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Urquhavt, Colonel Duckett, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Colonel Onslow,

Mr. Bevan, Mr. Crowle, Mr. More, Sir Robert Munro, Mr. Fitz Roy, Mr. St. John, Mr. Mr. Lloyd,

Brigadier Anstruther, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Sir

W m. Jollif, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Stewart, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Fane, Colonel Clair, Mr. Harris, Mr. Kinaflon, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Parsons, Sir Rowland Alflon, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Foley, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Abercromby, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. SaMr. Geo. Fox, Sir Clayton, Mr. lalbot, Mr. Jeiokes, Mr. Boone, Lord NoelSomerset, Mr. Aftiley Dr. Butler, Sir Thomas Aston, Mr. Packer, Mr. Harley, Mr. , Mr. Shuttle-

worth, Sir John Rushout, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir Robert Long, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Compton, Mr. Rowney, Mr. How, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Crewe, Mr. Wat. Wms. Wynne, Sir John Crosse, Lord Mr. Hun-

{erford. Captain Purvis, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Carmichael, )r. Cotes, Mr. Hylton, Mr. Houblon, Sir Wm. Wentworth: And they are to meet upon this Day Seven-night, at Five of the Clock in the Afternrmn, in the Speakers Chamber; and to fit every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, in the Afternoon; and all that come are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters, as shall or may come in question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to Proceed upon double Returns in the First place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons, that will question any Returns, are to do it within Fourteen Days next; and so within Fourteen Days next after 24

any new Return fltaH be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Ele&ioh by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any Tiling shall come in question, touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege; of any Member, he is to withdraw, during the time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members, returned'Upon double Returns, do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right UfualOrders, to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That, where the House shall judge any Petition, touching Elections, to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear, that any Person hath procured himself to be elected, or returned, a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost severity against such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear, that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly, or indirectly, hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanor, and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath given false Evidence in any same before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is an high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers, that he shall fee, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning, at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning to One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets, between Temple-bar and Westminster-hall, Hia.ll be kept free and open 5 and that no Obstruction be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in.waiting do take care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in

kali.

S

1

12 Geo. II.

1

a

2* Februarii. 209

Art//, or the Passages leading to the House, during the the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sit-Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance ting Members do, by themselves, or by their Agents, by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or there- within the same time, deliver the like Lifts on their Part, abouts. to the Petitioners, or their Agents.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westmirtfler \ and that he do fee the same put A Petition of Jacob Murifon and Nathanael MuH Con’s,

in Execution. Voogd was prefen ted to tl»e House, and read; letting &c* Nat.

forth. That the Petitioners are Persons born out of his Ordered^That no Footmen be permitted to be within Majesty’s Allegiance* but have always possessfed the the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading Protestant Religion, and eriven Testimonyof their Loy-thereto. alty and Fidelity to his Majesty, and the Good of the

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Kingdom of Great Britain: And therefore praying,

House do take care, that there be no Gaming, or other That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen at- Naturalization.

tending the Members of this House to wait in Or»That leave be given to bring in a Bill, ao-Ordered, That the Serjeant at Aims attending this cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

House do take into his Custody such Footmen,-as shall Lindtfay and Mr. Earle do prepare, and bring in, the presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no feme.

such Footmen be discharged out of Custody, but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting, orlofing, Of Letters, directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Poll Office to this House, or feme other Person, to be appointed by the Poll-master General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the lead immediately after the Riling of the House, and also on every MondayFriday, from

Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters,

1 and take care, during his Stay there, to deliver the fame

to the several Members to whom they shall be dire6fed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others, bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, rnpon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered, and that no Letter be delivered, but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be Tent to the Post-m after General.

Ordered, That when, any Letter, or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the feme, and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to he communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this > House do, from time to time, when the House is going

to prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, alter fuph Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Private Resolved, That this House will receive no Petition for

Bill*. private Bills after the First Day of March next.

Controverted Resolved, That in allCafes of controverted Elections for

Election. Counties in England and Wales, to be heard at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and EJe&ions, the Petitioners do by themselves, or by their Agents,within aconvenient time, to be appointed either by the House, or the Committee of Privileges and Elections, as the Matter to be heard shall be before the House, or the said Committee, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lifts of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving in the said Lifts the several ‘Heads of Objection, and distiuguishing the same against Vol.

Ordered, That this House be called rarer upon Taef- Call of th* day Fortnight the 20th Day of this instant February.

Befohcd, That this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Members as shall not then attend the Service of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write circular Letters to ,the Sheriffs and Stew ards of the several Counties of Great Britain, requiring the Attendance of the iMern-bers of this House, on Tuesday Fortnight the 20th Day of this instant February.

The Form of which Letters is as follows;

House of Commons, February, 3d >738-

Sir*

.1 am commanded by the House of Commons to acquaint you. That you are immediately, upon the Receipt <if this, to summon the Representatives of your County, and of the Boroughs within the same, which fetid Members to Parliament, to attend their Service in Parliament on Tuesday Fortnight the Twentieth Day of this instant February: And you are to give me an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereupon, on Pain of iacurring the Displeasure of the said House.

1 am, Sir,

Your humble Servant,

Ar. Onslow, Speaker.

Mr, Hanbury Williams reported from the Committee, Aidref* oa appointed Yesterday to draw up an Addrefe, to be presented to his Majesty, That the Committee had drawn P®*6®* up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the'House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards ' delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the feme was read, and is as follows; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, do beg Leave to return your Majesty our unfeigned Thanks for your Majesty’B most gracious Speech from -the Throne.

We acknowledgeyonr Majesty’s great Goodness in the conliant Regard your Majesty has been pleased toexprefe to the Petitions and Complaints of your Subjects, and the Advice of your Parliament, and in pursuing such Mea-furesfor the Honour and Dignity of your Crown, and the truelnterest *f your People, as your Majesty in your great -Wisdom judged to be most proper and advantageous.

We congratulate your Majesty on the Success of your Royal Endeavours, in concluding a Convention with the King of Spain, whereby Reparation is stipulated to be made and paid to your Majesty’s injured Subjects; and Plenipotentiaries are appointed for regulating all those Grievances and Abuses which have hitherto interrupted our Commerce and Navigation, and for removing all future Causes and Pretences of Complaint.

We beg Leave to assure-your Majesty that your faithful Commons will effectually support y our Majesty in ac-

3 H compl idling

210

2° — 3°-r~S0~ — 60

A ijyS.

complishing and bringing to Perfection this great and Hecessary Work, in such a Manner as may ahfwer the just Demands arid Expectations of your Majesty and your People.

And your Majesty may be assured, that your faithful ' Commons will grant to your Majesty such Supplies' as fKa.ll be necessary for the Honour and Security of your Majesty and your Kingdoms; and that we' will endeavour to avoid all Heats and Animosities in carrying on the publick Business at this critical and important Conjuncture.

The said Address, being read aSecond time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

liefolved. That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House. ':

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty’s Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House*. ‘: 1

\ ’: ! .(* ' :i ti*;

Address on Resolved, Nemine con That ati humble Ad-

the Birth of dress be pre&nted to his Majesty; to congratulate his aPnuce. Majesty on the Increase of the’Royal Family,-by the Princess of Wales being happily delivered of a Prinfce; and to express our great Joy and Comfort-lit this-great PI effing; which will be an Addition.of Strength to thC Protestant interest, and of 8eotmty to the;Laws!a‘nd Liberties of this Nation. - ' rt !r

Ordered, That the said Aejdrefs-be. presented to his Majesty by such Members* of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy- Council'.

Message to Resolved., Nemine conlrThat a congratulatory

Wa^»m&c01-Message bs.fpnfc to their Royal HlgHnesses' the Prince on the Birth and Prinflds of Wales on thislmppy Occasion. ’ of a Prince. - Ordered \That Sir John HfdUictiise, Mr; Comtoify, Sir

Michael Newton, Sir Heunji t Liddell, Sir RPmrMorrice, £ir Thymus 4ftcn, Mr. Stephen Fox; Mr. OhMds Wynd-itam, Mr, Trevor, NLr. ThennasPitt, iMr.-C/atyftWj and Mr. Frpnklaird,do attend their Royal HighnelfeB'with

said Meflbge. . ..... . V:- . .

.’ vi t j v» w ' '

The King’s Resolved, That this House, kill Tomorrow Morning, Speech to be tape into Corifiderritkra dtis Majesty’s most gracious com eie . Speech to bpth Hctufeiof Parliament.

And then, the House adjourned till Tomorrow . ': Morning, Nine of the Clock.

And the same was again read l»y Mr. Speakers And a Motion>being made. That a Supply be granted

to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Cldck.

Lunce,5 die Februarii;

Axino i2* . Georgii II" Regis, 1738.

Prayers. i

MR. Speaker reported, That the House attended his Majesty upon Saturday last with their Address: To wjbich his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

- I return you my: Thanks for this dutiful and loyal Address; and you may be allured, That I will use my heft Endeavours’to bring this important Affair to a speedy arid happy Conclusion.


Sir John Heathcole reported to the House, That their Rbyal Higlineflesthe Prince and Princess of Wales had1 been attended with the congratulatory Melfage of this House,' on the Increase of the Royal Family, by the Princess of Wales being happily delivered of a Prince: And that their Royal Highriefles were pleased to return this1 Answer:

,' . Gentlemen,

I and the Princefe have a grateful Sense of the Joy you shew upon this, Increase of the King’s Family.

Mr. Lindefay presented to the House, according to Order, a Rill for Naturalizing of Jacob Hoff ham Muri/on and Nathanael Voogd: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill ie read a Second time. . , ’

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hopfe, to consider of the Motion made ripbn Saturday Idft, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty; " ‘ ' 11 '

Ordered, That‘his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of'Parii&ttjent be’rteftffWd t6 the’ ftid Chtn-

-:J I ’

Sabbdtix ‘2°'die Februarii;

: if if* *1 1 ‘ k ’* ’; ' ( "

Arnio rS* 6eorgii H":Rdgis,’ 17^8; J '

Prayers.

Answer

Address,

to "\/T R. Comptroller reported to the House; That their iJVJL Addrgfsof Yefterd»y,congratulattrtg lftf> Majesty, on the Increase.bftbb Royal Fariiily, by the Princess of Wales being, happily delivered of a Prince, and expressing their great Joy and ComforUnthis^reat Rlefling; which will be an Addition of Strength to the Probeitant Interest, and of Security tt> 'tbie.'Lawa and Liberties of this Nation; had beep presented tp his Majesty; which his Majesty received.very graciously; arid returns hisThanks to the House for their kind Eapreflions of Duty arid Affection to him upon this Occasion. i;

Time ap- Mr Comptroller also reported to the House, That his pointed for Majesty, having been waited upon, pursuant to the Or-receiving f]cr of Yesterday, humbly to know when he would be Address on pjeaf*e(l to be attended by this House, had been: pleased to appoint this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, at his Palace of Saint Jattics.

Speech.

The Order of the Day being read:

The Kino’s The House proceeded to take iftto Consideration his Speedf Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Ho'ufesof Par-

couiiacred. Ijainent. ’

mittee. - ‘

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. *’ . .,

- Mr. Speaker left tire1 Chair. o! ! t

1 Mr: Francis Fane- took the CheliLof the Corpmitfee. Mr! 8peaker resumed the Chair:'1 " Mr. Frbncis' Fdke repdiH^d’:;fr6rh the Commihee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to iepcirt, when she Horise will please to ebeeive the lame.; ‘

i.. Ordered, That the;Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisj 6° die Februarii;

Anno xz’ Georgii 1IJ‘ Regis, 1738. Prayers.

A PETITION of James Nodal and William Rend Morin was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners were born out of his Majesty’s Allegiance; but have constantly profeflWl the Protestant Religion, and given Teliimony of their Loyalty and Fidelity to his Majesty, and the Good of the Kingdom of Great Britain: And therefore praying, That the House 22 will

Supply.

Answer to Address.

Answer to Message fraa Pri nee of Wales, &t.

Murifoo’i &c. Nat,

Supply;

Nadal’s &c« Nat.

Supply.

Navy and Army Estimates, &c.

Greenwich

Hospita).

11 Geo. II. 6° FebruariL 2J i

will give Leave for a Bill to be brought in for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: 'And that Mr. Laroche, and Sir John Heado prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Mr. Francis Fane according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution whifch they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it inr dt the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was 'read ? <and ifr»s follows; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time;

Resolved, Neminecontra dicente, That tire House doth

agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.


Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1739, with the Half-pay of the Officers of the Navy and Marines, be laid before'this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards Garrisons, and Land Forces, for the Year 1739, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year,: 739, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of th Regimetyal: and Warrant Officers, who are to be in Half-pay, for the Ytar 1739, be laid before this House,. 1 ' ’ " V

Ordered, That an Estimate be laid before this House, of the Charge of the Out Peiifioners of Cfi'dlfea Hqf-pital, for the Year 1739'.: ‘:

Ordered, That a State of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it stood at Christmas last, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the Services jncurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House. .:

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half Years, endingat Lady-dayand Michaelmas last past, as well of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund eom-monly called the Aggregate Fund, as. of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the Sea Fund; as also ofor for the Excess or Siir^fusof the Fund commonly called the General Fiiricf.; ‘-’,i ':

Ordered, That an Accoun t be laid before ‘this House, shewing How the Money given for the Sservice of the Year 1738 hath been disposed of, distinguished1 under the several Heads. .!i.<.

Resolved, That an humble Address be prefehted to his Majesty, That he will be gracioufty’ pleased tb give Directions to‘the proper Officers, to lay before this House, the said Estimate, Lift, State, and AccoiinW. ’ 1

Ordered, That the said Address lie ptefehted to his Majesty by such Members of this House1, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

1 , /

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, a State of the yearly Revenue, and Expences, of Greenwich Hospital.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account, lhewipg how the Money, granted last Session of Parliament; for: Greenwich. Hospital, has been disposed of -

Ordered, That the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital do lay before this House, an Account of, what Money

Vol. 23.

has been received by him on Account of the said Hospital, from Clirijlmas 1737 to Chrijhnas 1738; and how the fkme has been applied.

Ordered, That the Treasurer of the Navy do lay before this House, an Account of what Money has been ordered by the Commissionersofhis Majesty’sTreasury, .'and received by him, for any Services of the-Navy/from the 3i ft of December 173710 the 31 ft of December 1738;

'distinguishing the Times when the fauie was received; and the Services to which it was applied.

Ordered, That the pfoper Officer do lay before this Hdufe, an Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Serviqe of the Royal Nav^, from the 31st o( December 1737 to the 3 ill of December i 738, upon a Medium ofe^ch Month; distingtiishing what Number were

bbrne, and what muttered, in the said Service. ' . .:

... ‘ x

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were Handing out at Clirijlmas last, with the Names of tire respective Receivers, 5h whbfe Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year; and what Proceedings have been nad to compel the Payment thereof,

Ordered, That the proffer Officers do lay before this House, an Account of what Arrears of Duties upcin Houses were handing out sit‘Clirijlmas last, with the Names of the re (pet live Receivers, ih whose Haiids (the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Yebr,; and w hat Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof. '

T */ t ~ w . — . T ' £-----

his Majesty, That he will be.gracioufty pleased to give Li regions, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Representations, Memorials, or; Petitions, made to his Majesty, or his Secretaries of State, since the Treaty of Seville, relating to any Lodes sustaineft by his1 Majesty’s Subjects; by Depredations committed by the Spaniards in Europeor^ America, which have not ah+ pdy been, laid before, thrs^Hoirfb’.-

Bejblved, That, an humble Adftrcfs.be presented to his Majesty, Thgt he iwjU be graciously, pleased bj.jjivp Di-

rebtions, That there be laid Wfore tbjs House^, C'9piesof

.$fl Representations, Memorials, or Petit ions m^deftothe . Commissioners for. executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or CommissionefS for Trade and Plantations, fiuqe the Treaty of Seville, (relating to :,any Lottes,sustained. by, his Majesty’s Subjedh, by Depredations committed by the Spaniards in Europe or ‘America whiph liftye not alreadv/been laid before Jhe House. ' '.

' Resolved, Tj]«t an humble Address be, presentedito his jetty. That he, will-, be graqiopfty pfeased to give Directious, That thei;c be laid befqrq tfiisHouse, Copies or . E^ctrabts of a try Letters from any- pj>f» the ,nq|'s in Arneidca^ his Majesty’s Muijfter in Spain, and Confulsin Europe, to the Secretaries of State, Commissiottejrs for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral , of Great BnUyin, or Cotpmiftiont/sfpr Trade and Plantations, since the Treaty of SevRelating any Lottes sustained by this Majesty’s Subjebtj, by Depredations committed ,by -the Spaniards.fn. Europe, or. America,

which have not already been jpid.before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Adftpefs be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciquiiy pleased to give Directions, That there be laid before this. House, Copies or Extracts of any Letters from any Commander in Chief or Captains of his Majesty’s Shjps.of.War, to tbq Secretaries of State, Commissioners fop executing the (Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or Commissioners (or Trade and Plantations, relating to any Lottes

sustained by his Majesty’aSubjects; since the Treaty of Seville, by Depredations committed by the Spaniards in fin rope or America, which have not already been

lakj. before this House.

Navy

Services.

Seamen

employed.

Land Tar, kc. Arrears*

Spanili Depredations.

212

6° — 7* Fe

4. 1738<

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, That there be laid before this House, Copies or Extracts of all Letters written, and Instructions given, by the Secretaries of State, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great tain»to any of the Governors of the British Plantations in America, or any Commander in Chief, or Captains of his Majesty’s Ships of War, or his Majesty's Minister in Spain, and Consuls in Europe, since the Treaty of Seville, relating to any Losses sustained by his Majesty’s Subjects, by Depredations committed by the Spaniards in Europe or America, which have not already been laid before this House,

The Journal of the House, of the loth Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the latter Part of the Resolution of the House, for addressing his Majesty, That he would be graciously pleased to give Directions, That there might be laid before the House, Copies of the several Representations, Memorials, or . Petitions, and Copies or Extracts of the several Letters and Instructions, therein mentioned, was read:

Then the Question beingput, That anhumble Add rets be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, That there be laid before this House, Copies or Extracts of all Letters written, and Instructions given, by the Secretaries of State, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, to any of the Governors of the British Plantations in America, or any Commander in Chief, or Captains of his Majesty’s Ships of War, or his Majesty’s Minister in Spain, and Consuls in cev

the Treaty of Seville, relating to any Lodes sustained by his Majesty’s Subjects, by Depredations committed by the Spaniards in Europe or America, which have not already been laid before this House

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being propo-fed, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, That there be laid before this House, Copies or Extracts of such Memorials or Representations as hare been made either to the King of his Ministers,

since the Treaty of Seville, relating to any Losses sustained by his Majesty’s Subjects, by Depredations committed by the Spaniards in Europe or , which have not

already been laid before this House;

The Journal of the House, of the 5th Day of May 1713, in the 12th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, relating to the Resolution of the House, for addressing her Majesty, That Ihe would be pleased to give Directions, That the fnstructions and Orders thereir^mentioned might be laid before this House, was read:

Then the Question being put, That an hum ble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously

Fleased to give Directions, That there be laid before this Ioufe, Copies or Extracts of such Memorials or Representations as have been made either to the King of or his Ministers, since the Treaty of Seville, relating to any Losses sustained by his Majesty’s Subjects, by Depredations committed by the Spaniards in Europe or America,vrh'ichhwe not already been laid before this House. The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for f Mr. Baptist Leveson Goicer, ">

the Yeas, (Mr. Thomas Gore: j

Tellers for (Mr. Brereton, 7

the Noes, (Colonel St. ClairJ So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Addresses, resolved to be presented to his Majesty, be presented to his Majesty

120.

200.

by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 70 die Februarii

Anno 12* Georgii II41 Regis, 1738.

Pa AYERS.

cyACOB Ilqffham and Nathanael took the

J Oaths appointed in order to their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to ftrgate the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for writ* electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bygate, in the County of Surry, in the room of the Right honourable Sir Jekyll

Knight deceased.

The House being informed, that some of the Com- prohibited missioners of the Customs attended at the Door; East India

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Goods, Jtc, House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods in the ' Warehouses at St. Helens, approved by the Commissioners of the Customs, pursuant to an Act of Parliament in that behalf, for the Reception of the said Goods; with what has been brought in, delivered out for Exportation, and now remains in the said Warehouses; from the 29th of September 1737 to the 29th of September 1738: And also.

An Account of prohibited East India Goods in the Warehouses at Leaden-hall, approved by the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament in that behalf, for the Reception of the said Goodsj with what has been brought in, and delivered out for Exportation, and what remains in the said Warehouses; from the 29th of September 1737 to the 29th of September 1738: And also,

An Account of what prohibited East India Goods remained in his Majesty’s Warehouse at the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1737; and also what brought in since, what exported, and what remained at Michaelmas 1738: And also,

An Account of East India Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, remaining in the respective Warehouses in the Out-ports of England, at Michaelmas 1737 j with what has been brought in since that time, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1738: And also.

An Account of Naval Stores imported from Bujfia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1737 to Michaelmas 1738: And also.

An Account of Naval Stores imported from R’Jfta into the Ports of England, commonly called the Out-ports, from Michaelmas 1737 to Michaelmas 1738.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table,'to be perufedby the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up. with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Fraud* in Mystery of Goldsmiths, of the City of London, was pre- Gold and fented to the House, and rend; setting forth, That the SilvarWam. Petitioners are, by an Act of Parliament, passed in the 28 th Year of the Reign of King Edioard the First, obliged to assay and mark wrought Plate, in order to ascertain

the Standard thereof: hnd the Wardens are thereby im-

fiowered to go to the Goldsmiths Shops to assay their Gold; bat that in executing this Power, the Petitioners have met with such great Opposition and Discouragement, that, oflate Years, they have not ventured to make any

Nadal’c, See. Nat.

AnfWer to Addrefie*.

12 Geo II. 70 — 8° Februariu i t 3

any Searches at all; so that great Frauds and Abuses are now daily committed, in the manufacturing, felling, and exporting wrought Plate, without the Hall Marks, orwith counterfeit Marks, struck thereon, to the Discredit of the said Manufacture, the Prejudice of the fair Trader, the defrauding his Majesty’s Subjects, and the lessening the Duty laid on wrought Plate: And that the Petitioners have, for a great many Years past, kept an Assay Office in Goldsmiths Hall; and, towards defraying the Charge thereof, usually took Four Grains Pound Troy for assaying and marking Silver Plate; the FourGrains being about a Half-penny in Value, and the Pound Troy worth about Three Pounds Two Shillings; but, of late Years, havetaken certain Prices in Money, by Agreement with the moll confide: able Workers of small Wares, for the assaying and marking of their small Works, besides Six Grains Diet on large Plate; notwithstanding which the Petitioners are at a considerable yearly Charge, over and above the whole Produce of their Assay Office: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to provide l'uch Remedies therein, and otherwise relieve the Petitioners, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Francis , Mr.

Sir Thomas Hales, Lord John Sir Grant,

Lord Polwar/h, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cafar. Lord Sir Robert Long, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr. Ojbaldeston, Mr. Hylton, Mr. Vere, Mr.

Mr. Ashley, Mr. Edward KMr. Archer, Mr. Hooper, Lord Sidney Benuderk, Mr. Speke, Lord John Murray, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Plainer, Mr.

Sir Geo. Wynne, Mr. Chelwynd, Lord Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Hacks, Sir Thomas Read, Sir Rowland Aljlcn, Mr. Hoare, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Knight, Dr. Cotes, Mr. llorfmondenTurner, Mr. Longueville, Sir John

Crosse, Mr. B re ret on, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Earle, Mr. Holden, Mr. Foley, Mr. Fane, Mr. Harley, Mr. Robert.

Harley, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Edward Dering, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Lockyer, Lord Noel Dr.

Butler, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Yates, Mr. Wat kin Wins. Wynne, Mr. Robert Knight, Mr. Fozakerly, Mr. Hay, Mr. Bailee, Sir Thomas Ajton, Mr Walker, Mr. Mr. White,

Sir Robert Munro, M r. Drummond, Mr. Mr. Brodie, Mr. Rose; and all the Members who serve for the Cities of London, York, Exeter, Briji I, Norwich, Chester, and the Town of Ncu enjlle-upon-Tyne; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, stnd Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis 8d0 die;

Anno 12* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1738. Prayers.

MR. Laroche presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing James Nadal and William Rend Morin: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, that their Addrefies of TueJ'day last, that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of the Representations, Memorials, or Petitions, and Copies or Extracts of the Letters, therein mentioned, had been presented to his Majesty: Vol. 23.

And that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Comptroller also presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command,

' Copy of the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the Pardo, Jan. 14. 1739. N. S. and Translalion:

Copy of the First separate Article belonging to the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded

at the Pardo, Jan. 14. 1739, N. S. and Translition: Copy of the Second separate Article belonging to the Convention between Great Britain ainl Spain concluded

at the Pardo, Jan. 14. 1739, N.S. and Translation: Copy of his Majesty’s Ratification of the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the Par-do, Jan. 14. 1739, N. S. and Translation:

Copy of his Majesty’s Ratification of she First separate Article belonging to the Convention between Great tain and Spain, concluded at the Pardo, Jan. 14. 1739, N. S. and Translation:

Copy of his Majesty’s Ratification of the Second separate Article belonging to the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the Pardo, Jan. 14.

\173‘)’ S. and Translation:

Copy of the King of Spain's Ratification of the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the Pardo, Jan. 14. 1739, N. S- and Translation:

Copy of the King of Spain's Ratification of the First separate Article belonging to the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the Pardo, Jan. 14. 1739, N. S. and Translation:

Copy of the King of Spain's Ratification of the Second

separate Article belonging to the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the Pardo, Jan. 14. 1 739, N. S. and Translation:

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

The Copies of the said Convention, and the seperate. Articles thereunto belonging, with the several Ratifications thereof, arc bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Translations thereof are as follow; viz.

Translation of the Convention betwetnGreat Britain and Spain.

Whereas Differenceshave arisen, of lateYears, between the Two Crowns of Great Britain and Spain, on account of the Vjfiting, Searching, and Taking ofVessels, the Seizing of Effecis, the Regulating of Limits, and other Grievances,allegedoneachSide, aswellinthe West Indies aselfewhere; which Differences are so feriousand of such aNature, that,if Care be not taken to put an entireStop to them for the present, and to prevent them for the future, they might occasion an open Rupture between the said Crowns; for this Real’on his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and his Majesty the King of Spain, having nothing so much at Heart as to preserve and corroborate the good Correspondence which has so happily subsisted, have thought proper to grant their full Powers, viz. his Bri-tannick Majesty to Benjanun Keene Esquire, hisMiriifter Plenipotentiary to his Catholic Majesty; and his Catho^ lick Majesty to Don Sebajlian de la Quadra, Knight of the Order of St. James, Couufellor of State, and First Secretary of State, and of the Dilpatches; who, after previously producing their full Powers, having conferred together, have agreed qpon the following Articles;

Art. I.

WhereastheantienlFriendship, fodefirable andfo ne-ceffaryfor the reciprocal Intereil of both Nations, and particularly with regard to their Commerce, cannot b$ establhhed upon alaflingFoundation,unless, Care betaken not only toadjulland regulate the Fretenfions for reciprocal Reparation of the Damages already sustained; but, above all, to find out Means to prevent the hkeCaufesof Complaint for the future; and to remove absolutely, and for ever, every thing which might give Occasion thereto;

31

Convention with Spain.

Convention with Spain.

a 14 8 Februarii.A. 1738.

Jt is agreed to labour immediately* w kb all imaginable Application and Diligence, to attain so deferable an End: And, for that Purpose, there shall be named, on the Part of their Britannick and Catholick Majesties, respectively,

immediately after the Signing of the present Convention, TwoMinisters Plenipotentiaries, who shall meet at Madrid within the Space of Six Weeks, to be reckoned from the Day of the Exchange of the Ratifications, there to confer, and finally regulate the respective Pretensions of the Two Crowns, as well with relation to the Trade and Navigation in America and , and to the Limits

of Florida, and of Carolina, as concerning other Points,

which remain likewise to be adjusted; the Whole according to the Treaties of the Years 1667, 1670, 1713, 1715, 1721, 1728, and 1729; including that of the Alfiento of Negroes, and the Convention of 1716: And it is also agreed. That the Plenipotentiaries, so named, shall begin their Conferences Six Weeks after the Exchange of the Ratifications, andihall finish them within the Space of Eight Months.

Art. II.

The Regulation of the Limits of Florida and lina, which, according to what has been lately agreed, was to be decided by Commissaries on each Side, shall likewise be committed to the said Plenipotentiaries, to procure a more solid and effectual Agreement; and, during the time that the Discussion of that Affair shall last. Things shall remain, in the aforesaid Territories of Florida, and of Carolina, in the Situation they are in at present, without increasing the Fortifications there, or taking any new Polls: And, for this Purpose, his Britannick Majesty, and his Catholick Majesty, shall cause the necessary Orders to be di{patched,immediately after the Signing of this Convention.

Art. III.

After having duly considered the Demands and Pretensions of the Two Crowns, and of their respective Subjects for Reparation of the Damages ftiftaiued on each Side, and allCircumftanoes which relate to this important Affair, it is agreed, That his Catholick Majesty shall cause to be paid to his Britannick Majesty the Sum of Ninety-five thousand PoundsSterling^oraBalance which has been admitted, as due to the Crown and the Subjects of Great Britain, after Deduction made of the Demands of the Crown and Subjects of Spain; to the end that the above-mentioned Sum, together with the Amount of what has been acknowledged, on the Part of Great Britain, so be due to Spam, on her Demands, may be employed, byhlsBrilannick Majesty, for the Satisfaction, Discharge, and Payment, of the Demands of his Subjects trpon the Crown of Spain: It being ufiderstood, nevertheless, that it shall not be pretended, that this reciprocal Discharge extends or relates to the Accounts and Differences which subsist, or are to be settled, between the Crown of Spain and the Company of the Afflento of Negroes; nor to any particular or private Contrafts that may subsist between either of the Two Crowns, or their Ministers, with the Subjects of the other; or between the Subjects and Subjects of each Nation, respectively; with Exception, however, of all Pretensions of this Cfafe, mentioned in the Plan presented at Seville by the CommiCferies of Great Britain, and included in the Account lately made orrt at London, of Damages sustained by the Subjects of the said Crown; and especially the Three Particulars inserted in the said Plan, and making but One Article In the Account, amounting to One hundred Nineteen thousand Five hundred Twelve Piastres, Three Reals, and Three Quartils of Plate: And the Subjects on each Side shall be mtitled, and shall have Liberty to have Recoutfe, to the Laws 5 or to take other proper Measures for causing the abovesaid Engagements to be fulfilled, in the same manner as if this Convention did not exist.

Art. IV.

The Value of the Ship called the Wool-ball, which was taken and carried to the Port of in the Year

1732; the Loyal Charles, the Dispatch, the George, and the Prince William> which were carried to the 20

in the Year 1737; and the St. James to Porto llico, in the same Year; having been included in the Valuation that has been made of the Demands of the Subjects of Great Britain-, as also several others, t(\gt were taken before; if it happens that, in consequence of the Orders, that have been dispatched, by the Court of Spain, for the Restitution of them, Par for the Whole of them lmvebeen restored, the Sums so received shall be deduced ftoui the Ninety-five thousand Pounds Sterling, which isto be paid by the Court of Spain, according to what is above fiipulated: It being, however, understood, That the Payment of the Ninety-five thousand Pounds Sterling shall not be, for that Reason, in any manner delayed; saving that what may have been previously received shall be restored.

Art. V.

The present Convention shall beapproved and ratified by his Britannick Majesty, and by his Catholic Majesty; And the Ratifications thereof shall be delivered and exchanged at London, within the Space of Six "Weeks, or sooner, if it can be done, to be reckoned from the Day of the Signing.

In Witness whereof, we, the under-written Ministers, Plenipotentiaries of his Britannick Majesty and of hisCu-tholick Majesty, by virtue of our full Powers, have lign-ed the present Convention, and caused the Seals of our Arms to be affixed thereto: Done at the Pardo, the Fourteenth Day of January One thousandSeven hundred and Thirty-nine.

B. Keene. Sebafiiande la Quadra.

(L.S.) (L.S.)

His Britannick Majesty’* full Power.

George R.

George the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain,* France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, Duke of Brunswick and Lunenburgh, Arch Treasurer of the Holy Roman Empire, and Prince Elector, Sc.: To all and Angular to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting. Whereas certain Differences havearifen, oflate Years, between Us and our good Brother the King of Spain, concerning the Viliting and Searching of Merchant Ships, ami the Seizing of them, and of their Goods and Merchandizes; the Regulation of Limits; and other Grievances, alleged on each Side, as well in the West Indies, as elsewhere; which, if Care be not taken to put Un End to them at present, and Provision made that the like may not happen for the future, might at length oc-Cation au open Rupture: And whereas we have nothing so much at Heart, as to take Care, by settling the Rights of each Side, according to the Tenor of the Treaties, and by removing, as much as can be done, all Cause of Complaint- for the future, to establifti and preserve for ever the Frieildship that has subsisted between us and the King of Spain: And whereas the aforesaid King of Spain has declared, That he will willingly concert with us the proper Measures for attaining so delirable an End; Know ye, therefore, That we, repoling specialTruft in the Fidelity, Prudence, Integrity, and Diligence of our trusty and well-beloved Benjamin Keene Esquire, our Minister Plenipotentiary at the Court of the aforesaid Catholick King, have nominated, made, and appointed, the said Benjamin Keene, as we do, by these Presents, nominate, make, and appoint him our true, certain, and undoubted Commissioner, Procurator, and Plenipotentiary; giving and granting to him all and all manner of Faculty, Power, and Authority, together with general as wellas special Order (so as the general do not derogate from the special, and so on the contrary), to meet, treat, confer, and conclude, for Us, and in our Name, with the Minister or Ministers, furniftied with sufficient Power, on the Part of our good Brother the Catholick King, of and upon fbcbTreatyorTreatieSjConventionor Conventions-, as may raoft conduce to the above-mentioned Purposes; as also upon Articles, whether secret or separate; am1 lastly, upon all Things which shall seem moll proper for promoting and perfecting the said Work: And, in our

Name

12 Geo. II.

8 ° Februarii. 215

Name, to sign.and mutually to deliver and receive, what shall be so concluded and agreed; and to do and perform all other Things necessary to be done, inas ample Manner and Form as we ourselves, were we present, would do and perform; engaging and promising, on our Royal Word, That whatever shall be coucluded by our said Commissioner, Procurator, and Plenipotentiary, we will ratify, approve, and accept it all in the belt manner; and that we will never suffer any Person to violate the fame, in Whole or in Part, or to act contrary thereto:

In Witness and Confirmation of all which, we have caused our Great Seal of 'Great Britain to be affixed to thefePresents,signed with our Royal Hand. Given at our Palace of St. James’s, the Ninth Day of the Month of November, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-eight, and of our Reigp the Twelfth.

His Catholick Majesty’s full Power.

Don Philip, by the Grace of God, King of of Leon, of Arragon, of the Two Sicilies, of

of Navarre, of Granada, of Toledo, of of

Galicia, of Majorca, of Seville, of Sardinia, of,

of Corftca, of Murcia, of Jaen, of the Algarvcs, of Al~

gezira, of Gibraltar, of the Canary Hlands, of the East and West Indies, Islands and Terrafirma of the Ocean Sea; Arch Duke of Austria; Duke of Burgundy, of Brabant, and Milan; Count of Ab/purg, of Flanders, Tirol, and Barcelona; Lord of Biscay, and of Molina, See. Whereas the Differences arisen between this Crown and that of England, by reason of the Captures made by our Guarda Cojlasin America, Visits, and o<her Proceedings, of the Limits of the Dominions of both in those Regions, and of other Points, equally worthy of Examination and Remedy, nolefs there than in Europe, did require a speedy secure Disposition to settle them all amicably; And whereas the King of Great Britain, our good Brother, has manifelied to us his De-fire to concur to so salutary an End, as that ofquieting the Two Nations, by the means of a reciprocal Agreement, to be preceded by a Convention; wherein Come Difficulties, which might without this Stepobftruft it,should heremoved: Now there concurring in yoit, Don Sebastian de la Quadra, Knight of the Order of St. James, of our Council of State, and our First Secretary of State, and of the Dispatch, the good Qualities that are known to our Experience and Confidence, we do authorize and give you our whole full Power, as is justly requisite, in the belt and most ample manner; to the end that you may, according to the Rule of the Treaties, difeufs, dispose, determine, and lign, the said Convention, with the separate or secret Articles that shall seem toyou to be necessary for the rendering of them more clearly solid, and for the common Utility of our Kingdoms; and to the end that you may exchange and receive the Instru-mentor Instruments that shall be liipulated and made, by virtue of the above-mentioned Convention; the which, and all others besides, that you shall treat, debate.determine, and lign, wepromife to fulfil and keep, on the Faith of our Royal Word; and to command to be fulfilled and kept, in the same Manner, and with the same religious Integrity: In pursuance whereof, I have ordered the present full Power to bedifpatched. Signed with our Hand, sealed with our secret Seal, and counter-signed by our Secretary of State, and of the Dispatch, of Favour and Jnllice, at the Pardo, the 10th of January

1739- ,

I the King.

Don Joseph de Rodrigo.

Translation of the First separate Article.

Whereas it has been agreed by the First Article of the Convention, signed1 this Day, between the Ministers Plenipotentiaries of Great Britain and That' there

shall be named on the Part of their Britannic/cand Catholick Majesties, respectively immediately after thefigning the abovesaid Convention, Two Ministers Plenipotentiaries,who shall meet at Madrid within the Space of Six Weeks, to be reckoned from the Day of the Exchange of the Ratifications: Their laid Majesties, to the end that Vei. 23.

no time may b* loft itl removing, by a solemn Treaty, Convention which is to be concluded for that Purpose, all Cause of Complaint for the future, and in estabhlhing thereby a perfect good Understanding and a lading Friendship be* tween the Two CrovVns, have named, and do by these Presents name; viz. his Britannick Majesty,

JTerws Esquire, his said Majesty’s MinilW Plenipotentiary to his Catholic Majesty, and Abraham Castres Esquire, his laid Britannick Majesty's Consul General at the Court of his Catholick Majesty, his Plenipotentiaries for that Purpose; and his Catholick Majesty, Don Joseph la Quintana, his Counsellor in the Supreme Council of the Indies, ami Don Stephen Joseph de Abaria, Knight of the Order of Calalrava, Counsellor in the same Council, and Superintendent of the Chamber of Accounts; who shall be immediately instructed to begin the Conferences:

And whereas it has been agreed, by the Third Article of the Convention signed this Day, that the Sum of Ninety-five thousand Pounds Sterling is due on the Part of Spain, as a Balance to the Crown and Subjects of Great Britain, after Deduction made of the Demands of the Crown and Subjects of Spain; his Catholick Majesty shall cause to be paid at London, within the Term of Four Months, to be reckoned from the Day of the Exchange of the Ratifications, or sooner, if it be pofiiole, in Money, the abovementioned Sum of £.95,000 Sterling, to such Persons as shall be authorized, on the Part of his Britannick Majesty, to receive it.

This separate Article shall have the same Force as if it was inserted Word for Word in the Convention signed this Day: It shall be ratified in the same manner, and the Ratifications thereof shall be exchanged at the same time as those of the said Convention.

In witness whereof, we the under-written Ministers Plenipotentiaries of his Britannick Majesty, and of his Catholick Majesty, by virtue of our fnjl Powers, have signed this separate Article, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be affixed thereto. Done at the , the 14th Day of January 1739.

B. Keene. Sebastian de la Quadra.

(L.S.) (L.S.)

Translatioir of the Second separate Article.

Whereas the under-written Ministers Plenipotentiaries of their Britannick and Catholick Majesties have this Day signed, by Virtue of full Powers from the Kings their Mailers for that Purpose, a Convention, for settling and adjusting all the Demands, on each Side, of the Crowns of Great Britain and Spain, on Account of Seizures made, Ships taken, He. and for the Payment of a Balance that is thereby due to the Crown of Great Britain: It is declared, That the Ship called the Success, which was taken on the Fourteenth Day of April 1738, as Ihe was coming out from the liland of Antigua, by a SpanijhGuarda Costa, and carried to Porto Rico,

is not comprehended in the aforesaid Convention: And his Catholick Majesty promises. That the said Ship, and its Cargo, shall be forthwith restored, or the just Value thereof, to the Lawful Owners: Provided that, previous to the Restitution of the said Ship the Success, the PeFfoh or Persons interested therein do give Security, at London, to the Satisfaction of Don Thomas

his Catholick Majesty’s Minister Plenipotentiary, to abide by what shall be decided thereupon by the Ministers Plenipotentiaries of their said Majesties, that have been named, for finally settling, accormng to the Treaties, the Disputes which remain to be adjusted between the Two Crowns: And his Catholick Majesty agrees, as far as shall depend upon him, That the above-mentioned Ship the Success shall be referred to the Examination and Decision of the Plenipotentiaries. His Majesty promises likewise to refer, as far as shall depend uport him, to the Decision of the Plenipotentiaries the Brigantine Sta- Theresa, seized in the Port of Dublin, in Ireland, in the Year 1735. And the said under-written Ministers Plenipotentiaries declare, by these Presents, that the Third Article of the Convention, signed this Day, does not extend, nor shall be construed to extend, to any

Ships

Goojlg

Convention with Spain,

216 8° Februarii.1738.

Ships or Effects that may have been taken or seized since the Tenth Day of December 1737, or may be hereafter taken or seized: In which Cafes Justice shall be done according to the Treaties, as if the aforesaid Convention had not been made: It being however understood, that this relates only to the Indemnification and Satisfaction to be made for the Effects seized, or Prizes taken; but that the Decision of the Cafes which may happen, in order to remove all Pretext for Dispute, is to be referred to the Plenipotentiaries, to be determined by them according to the Treaties.

This separate Article shall have the same Force as if it was inserted Word for Word in the Convention signed this Day: It shall be ratified in the same manner, and the Ratifications thereof shall be exchanged atthe same time, as those of the said Convention.

In witness whereof, we the under-written Ministers Plenipotentiaries of his Britennick Majesty, and of his Catholick Majesty, by virtue of our full Powers, have signed the present separate Article, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be affixed thereto. Done at the Pardo, the Fourteenth Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-nine.

B. Keene. Sebajlian de la Quadra.

(L. S.) (L. S.)

Translation of his Majesty’s Ratification of the Convention.

George the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, Duke of Brunswick and Lunenburg, Arch-Treasurer of the Holy Roman Empire, and Prince Elector,

Sc. To all and singular to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting. Whereas a certain Convention betwe n us and our good Brother Philij) the Fifth, Catholick King of Spain,was concluded and signed, by our XI inilter Ple-

nipotentiary Benjamin Keene Esquire, and by the Mini Her Plenipotentiary of our good Brother the aforesaid Catholick King Don Sebajlian de la Quadra, Knight of the Order of St. James, Counsellor of State of his said Catholick Majesty, and his First Secretary of State, and of the Dispatch, at the Palace called the Pardo, on the Fourteenth Day of this present Month of January,

N. S. the Tenor whereof follows:

Fiat Inf "We, having feenand considered the Convention above-written,have approved, ratified, accepted, andconfirmed, as by these Presents we do, for Us, our Heirs, and Suc-cessors, approve, ratify, accept, and confirm, the same in all and singular its Clauses; engaging and promising, upon our Royal Word, since rely and faithfully to perform and observe all and singular the Things which are contained in the aforesaid Convention; and never to fuller any Person to violate them, or in any manner to act contrary thereto.

In Witness and Confirmation of all which, we have caused our Great Seal of Great Britain to be affixed to these Presents, signed with our Royal Hand.

Given at our Palace at St. James’s the Twenty fourth Day of the Month of January, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred Thirty P-- and of our , Reign the Twelfth.

George R.

Translation of his Majesty’s Ratification of the First separate Article.

George the Second, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, Duke of Brunswickand Arch-Treasurer of the Holy Roman Empire, and Prince Eleflor, Sc. To all and Angular to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting. Whereas a certain separate Article, intituled, The First, belonging to the Convention between Us and our good Brother Philip the Fifth, Catholick King of-SJoat/?,concludedand ligned, atthe Palace called the Pardo, on the Fourteenth Day of this present Month of January, N. S. by our Minister Plenipotentiary Ben-

jamin Esquire, and by the Minister Plenipotentiary of our good Brother the aforesaid Catholick King Don Sebajlian de la Quadra, Knight of the Order of James, Counsellor of State of his laid Catholick Mejrfiy, and his First Secretary of State, and of the Dispatch, was concluded and signed, at the same Place, and on the same Day. The Tenor whereof follows:

Fiat InJ'e We, having seen and considered the above-written First separate Article, have approved, ratified, acc epted, and confirmed, as by these Presents, we do, for Us, our Heirs, and Successors, approve, ratify, accept, and confirm, the fame; engaging and promising, upon our Royal Word, to perform and observe all and singular the Things which are contained in the aforesaid separate Article, in like planner as the Convention itself.

In Witness and Confirmation of all which, we have caused our Great Seal of Great Britain to be affixed to these Presents, signed with our Royal Hand’

Given at our Palace at St. James's, the Twenty-fourth Day of the Month of January,in the Year of cur Lord One thousand Seven hundred Thirty — y and of onr Reign the Twelfth.

George R.

Translation of his Majesty’s Ratification of the Second separate Article.

George the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, Duke of Brunswick and Lunenburg, Arch-Treasurer of the Holy Roman Empire, and Prince Elector, fife. To all and singular to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting. Whereas a certain separate Article, intituled, The Second, belonging to the Convention between Us and our good Brother Philip the Fifth, Catholick King of Spain, concluded and signed, at the Palace called the Pardo, on the Fourteenth Day of this present Month of January, N. S. by our Minister Plenipotentiary Benjamin Keene, Esquire, and by the Minister Plenipotentiary of our good Brotherthe aforesaid Catholick King Don Sebajlian de la Quadra, Knight of the Order of James, Counsellor of State of his laid Catholick Majesty, and his First Secretary of State, and of the Dispatch, was concluded and signed, at the famePlace, and on the same Day. The Tenor whereof follows:

Fiat InJ'ertio.

We having seen and considered the above-written Second separate Article, have approved, ratified, accepted, and confirmed, as by these Presents we do, for Us, our Heirs, and Successors, approve, ratify, accept, and confirm, the fame; engaging and promising, upon our Royal Word, to perform and observe all and singular the Things which are contained in the aforesaid separate Article, in like manner as the Convention itself.

In Witness and Confirmation of all which, we have caused our Great Seal of Great Britain to be affixed to these Presents, signed with our Royal Hand.

Given at our Palace at St./a/wefs, the Twenty-fourth

Day of the Month of January,in the Year of our ‘Lord One thousand Seven hundred Thirty — h and of out'

fwuc.

Reign the Twelfth.

George It.

Translation of the King of Spain’s Ratification of the Convention.

Don Philip, by the Grace of God, King of <\ of Leon, of Arragon, of the Two Sicilies, of of

Navarre, of Granada, of Toledo, of Valencia, of Galicia, of Mayorca, of Seville, of Sardinia, of Cordis of Corjica, of Murcia, of Jaen, of the , of A\re-

zira, of Gibraltar, of the Canary Islands, of the and West Indies, Blands and Firma of the Ocean

Sea; Arch Duke of Austria; Duke of of

bant, and Milan-, Count of Abfpurg, of Flanders, Tirol,

and Barcelona; Lord of BiJ'cay, and of Molina, Sec. Whereas there has been adjusted, concluded, and ligned at the Royal Seat of the Pardo, on. the Fourteenth of the

present

12 Geo. II.

8* Februariu

217

present Month and Year, between our Minister Plenipotentiary Don Sebajiiande UQuadra, Knight of the Order of Saint James,of our Council of State, and our First Secretary of State, and of the Dispatch, and Mr. Benjamin Keene, Minister Plenipotentiary from the King of Great Britain, our good Brother, a Convention; which is of the Tenor following:

Fiat Infertio.

Now we do approve and ratify all that is comprehended in the Convention above-mentioned; and being thus approved and ratified, in the most ample manner that we are able, we promise, on the Faith and Word of a King, to observe it and keep it, and to command it to be executed and fulfilled, in the same manner as if we had treated it in our own Person, without doing or letting to be done, in any manner whatsoever, or permitting to be done, any thing to the contrary; and that, if it should be done, we will order it to be repaired in Effect, without Difficulty or Delay.

In witness whereof we give this Present, signed with our Hand, sealed with our Secret Seal, and countersigned by our under-written Counsellor of State, and First Secretary of State, and of the Dispatch. Given at the Pardo, the Fifteenth of January One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-nine.

I the King.

D* Sebajiian de la Quadra,

Translation of the King of Spain's Ratification of the First separate Article.

Don Philip, by the Grace of God, King of of Leon, of Arragon, of the Two Sicilies, of

salem, of Navarre, of Granada, of Toledo, of Valcncia, of Galicia, of Mayorca, of Seville, of Sardinia, of Cordova, of Corsica, of Murcia, of Jaen, of the

of Algezira, of Gibraltar, of the Canary Blands, of the

East and West Indies, Islands and Firma of the

Ocean Sea; Arch Duke of Austria; Duke of Burgundy, of Brabant, and Milan; Count of Flanders,

Tirol and Barcelona-, Lord of and of Molina, &c.

Whereas at the same time that, at the Royal Seat of the Pardo, on the Fourteenth of the present Month and Year, there was a Convention concluded, and signed, between our Minister Plenipotentiary Don Sebajiian de la Quadra, Knight of the Order of St. James, our Counsellor of State, and our First Secretary of State, and of the Dispatch, and the Minister Plenipotentiary of the King of Great Britain, Mr. Benjamin Keene, there was also concluded, and signed, a separate Article, of the Tenor following:

Fiat Infertio.

Now, the same having been seen and examined, we have thought fit to approve it, apd ratify it, as.by virtue of this Present we do approve and ratify it, in the best and most ample manner that we are able, according, and as it is mentioned and expressed therein; promising, on the Faith of our Royal Word, to fulfil it entirely; and that it shall have the fapte Vigour and Force as if it -had been inserted in the said Convention.

In witness whereof jve have ordered this Present to be dispatched, signed {with our Hand, sealed with our Secret Seal, and countersigned by our under-written Counsellor of State; and First Secretary of State; and of the Dispatch. Given at the Pardo, the-Fifteenth of January One thousainji Seven hundred and Thirty-nine.

I the King.

- Sebajiian de la Quadra.

Translation of the King of Spain’s Ratification of the Second separate Article. '

Don Philip, by the Grace of God', King of Castile, of Leon,of Arragon, oft he Two Sicilies, of Jem/a-lem, of Navarre, of Granada, of Toledo, of Valencia, of Galicia,of Mayorca, of Seville, of Sardinia, of Cordova, of Corsica, of Murcia, of Jaen, of the Algarves, of Algezira, of Gibraltar, of the Canary Ifl wxls, of the East and West Indies, island^ and Terra Fn-ma of the Ocean Sea; ArchDuke Of A-firDuke o of Brabant*a&dMilan;' Cqunt of A(yprugrof Flanders, Voi. 23.

Tirol, and Barcelona; Lord of Biscay, and of Molina, Convpnikm &c. Whereas at the same time that, at the Royal Seat with Spain, of the Pardo, on the Fourteenth of the present Month and Year, there was aConvention concluded, and signed, between our Minister Plenipotentiary Don Sebajiian de la Quadra, Knight of the Order of James, our Counsellor of State, and our First Secretary of State, and of the Dispatch, and the Minister Plenipotentiary of the King of Great Britain Mr. Benjamin Keene, there was also concluded, and signed, a separate Article, of the Tqner following:

Fiat Infertio.

Now, the same having been seen and examined, we have thought fit to approve it, and ratify it, as by virtue of this Present we do approve and ratify it, in the best and most ample manner that we are able, according, and as it is mentioned and expressed therein; promising,on the Faith of our Royal Word, to fulfil it intirely: and that it shall have the same Vigour and Force as if it had been inserted in the said Convention.

In witness whereof we have ordered this Present to be dispatched, signed with our Hand, sealed with our Secret Seal, and countersigned by our under-written Counsellor of State, and First Secretary of State, and of the Dispatch.

Given at the Pardo, the Fifteenth of January One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-nine.

I the King.

Sebcftian de la Quadra.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that Mr. Corbett from j;aTy the Treasurer of the Navy, attended at the Door; Services.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Money has been ordered by the Right honourable the Lords of the Treasury, and received by the I realurer of his Majesty’s Navy, for any Services of the Navy, from the 3 lft of December 173 7 to the 3 ift of December 1738; distinguishing the Times when the same was received, and the Services to which it was applied.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other papers of this Session.

A Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for Collrftion of the County of Middlesex, in their General Quarter Sef- C< unty fion affemWed, was presented to the House, and read; Rate*> &c--setting forth, That the Execution of the Laws for Repair of County Bridges; Passing of Vagrants, and Repairing of Gaols, being committed to the Care and Direction of the Justices of the Peace of the several Counties of England,"the Petitioners have used their best

Endeavours to make them effectual in this 'ountjr; and, in order thereunto, have caused several Rates to be made

- for the Purposes aforesaid; which Rates have been made in the nfual Furm pra6Hfed for many Years last past in this -and other Counties: That several of these Rates

have been removed, by Writs of and some

- of them quashed; and Actions have been brought against the Officers, for collecting One of the said Rates, while such- Rate was in Force; and, though One of these Rates; to wit, the Rate for repairing Brentford Bridge, removed by Certiorari, hath been confirmed, yet it was, about Two Years after it had been lb removed; by Reason whereof the Execution of the said Rate was ail that time suspended; and, during the said time, many Persons, liable to the Payment of the said Rate, died, and many others removed from their I labitations; so that several Parts of the Money to be raised by the said Rate are likely to be loft; by which, and the Monies necessarily expanded in the Defence of the said Rate (which amounttoabQptOqe-t.hird Part of the iVJ.qn.ey to be. raised thereby), the same will beg:eatlyd ficient toanswer the PurposesintetWed; and, in the meantime, the said Bridge

3 K is


2l8

8®- — 9* Februarii.

A. 1738.

is fallen so much into Decay, and is in so ruinous a Con- Mr. Earle, Mr. Horsemonden Turner, Mr. Fane, Mr. dition, that the Expences will be very great in putting Longueville, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Winnington, Mr the same into good Repair; and that other Rates, parti- Jons, Mr. Colonel , Mr. Dflln/mple, Dr.

cularly a Rate for repairing the House of Correction in Butler, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Cojler, Mr. Mr.

Clerkenwetl,are removed by Certiorari, and liable to be Leheup, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Corbett, Lord Sidney quashed, considering the greatNiceties and Forms requi- Beauclerk, Mr. Smelt, Mr. Polhill, Mr. OJbaldeston, Mr. site in such Cases, though the Petitioners have, by them- Brodie, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Thom of selves and Counsel, used their utmost Care and Caution York, , Mr. Hooper, Sir Robert Munro,

therein; whereby it is become extremely difficult, if not impoiflhle, for the Petitioners to execute the Trull re-posed in them,ormakeany Contractsfor repairipg County Bridges or Gaols, or to support the continual Charge of passing Vagrants, in regard the Performance of such

Sir James Grant, Mr. Scawen, Lord Polivarth, Mr. tleworth. Sir Wm. Clayton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Tower, Wi.r.Kent, Wlr.Ccefar, Mr. T/iornpfon, Mr.

Mr. Treby, Mr. Banco, Mr. MecUycotl, Mr.

Mr. Gore, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Kinaston, Mr.

Contracts mull depend on the Validity of the Rates, and And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the the due Levying of them: All which the Petitioners Clock, in the Speaker’s. Chamber.

think themselves in Duty bound to represent, and submit to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Duty on Plate.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House an Account of the Grofs and Net Produce of the Duty on wrought Plate, from the 1 ft of June 172010 MidJ'untmer 1738; distinguishing each Year.

Goldsmith’s Ordered, That there belaid before this House an Ac-Allay Office. connt of the Produce and Disbursements of the AlTay

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Tuefdaylaft. That his Majesty would be gra-

cioully pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House the several Estimates, Lift, State, and Accounts, therein mentioned, had been presented to his Majesty, and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions to the proper Officers to lay the same before this House.

'M.r.Clutterbuck, from the Commissioners for executing

Office of the Goldsmith’s Company, including the -Mo- the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, pre-ney received for making Affays, from 29 May 1732 to Tented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his 29 May 1737, inclusive; distinguishing each Year; and Majesty;

from 29 May 1737 to id February 1737, exclusive; The ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy, for the

and for One Year, from ift February 1737, inclusive, to Year 1739: And also,

An Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy,‘as it stood on the 3 ill of December 1738.

Mr. Clutter buck also presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31 ft of December 173 7 to the 31 ft of December 1738, upon

ill February 1738; exclusive.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Hoffham’s, *c. Nat.

V 1inerts, 9* die Februarii;

Anno ia* Georgii IF1 Regis, 1738. Prayers.

ABIL L for naturalizing Jacob and Na-

thanaelFoogd, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lindefay, Sir Geo. Ca/wall, Mr. Breretoii, Sir Nathanael Curzon,

Answer Ur A-tdrefe.

Navy

Estimattw

Seamen

employed#

a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what mustered, in the said Service.

And the Titles of the said Estimates and Account were read.

The ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1739, is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And the Abstract thereof is as follows j viz.

N*

2.

3

4-

7-

8.

9-

10.

11.

12.

*3*

>4-

ir».

16.

ABSTRACT of the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1739. To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord

Yards

High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and Instruments and Contingencies relating thereto Superannuated Sea Officers -

Pensions, and other Allowances -

Chatham - -

Deptford - -

Woolwich -

Portsmouth -

Sheerness . - -

Plymouth -

Muster-masters, and Other Officers of the Out Ports -Wages to Ships and Vessels in ordinary *.

Victuals to the Officers and Men serving-therein Charge of the Harbour Moorings -: - , -

Ordinary Repairs of his Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs,?

Buildings, &c. - - *. - - . - -)

Ordinary Charge of sick and hurt Seamen - -: - -

Half-pay to Sea Officers -

Total of the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1739

To which may be added,

For defraying the Expence of maintaining, in the Royal Hospital of Greenwich, an additional Numl>er ofdifabled Seamen, taken, and to be taken, into it; who are worn out, and become decrepit in the Service of their Country; there being now One thousand poor Seamen maintained in the said Hospital'; as also for a sufficient Number of Nurses, being the Widows of Officers and poor Seamen, and for carrying on the Buildings, and other Incidents, of the said Hospital, for the Year 1739; Ten thousand Pounds

- £. 8,064 6 I0]

3*399 — 3

7 al

3,082 11 4

2,521 8 8 V

4,298 14 6 (

4 6

10 6>

- - m -

s.

28,280 14 I 11,464 I 10

17*733 16 8

3»378 $ 6 31,914 11 n 13,97° 7 6

21,907 ""

62,904 — —

M36 5 — 30,000 — —

222,689 2 6

10,000 — —

232,689 2 6

And then the Total of the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1739, amounts to Two hundred Thirty-two thousand Six hundred Eighty-nine Pounds Two Shillings and SixPence.

Richard Haddock, Ja. dckworth, Tho, Pearfe, G. Purvis, /. Fawlcr, Ro, Byng, Geo. Crowle,

i a Geo. II.

9?

ru.

«9

The ESTIMATE of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, [on the.Heads hereafter-mentioned,] as it flood

on the 31st of December 1738, is as follows;

I > ' r± *- . 1

_L_

-fc-

HEADS of the NAVA L ESTIMATES.


Particulars.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary and Extraordinary Repairs.

Due, to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, fife,supplied for the Service thereof To payoff and discharge Bills registered on the saidCourse, for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliament on Naval Stores; the whole Sum registered in the Year 1738, amounted to £..8,940; whereof remains unpaid - - - j -

For Freight of Tenders, and for Stores delivered into his Majesty’s several Yards, fife. for which no Bills were made out -on the aforesaid 31st of December 1738; as also, to several Bills of Exchange ——

To his Majesty’s Yards, and Rope-iyards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary thereof -

For Half-pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his late Majesty in Council of that behalf^ -

Seamen’s Wagies:

Due, to pay the Men, &c. unpaid on the B,ooks of Ships pa^dToff -To Ship-, m Sea Pay on theabovehjid 31st. December 1738- j -To dificiiarge and pay off all the Bills, entered in Courfefor Pilotage, Sir goons Necessaries, Bounfu s'.io Widows and Orphans of Men Haiti at Sea, fife, on the Head of Seamen’s Wages:

<3®

\ ' 119,620-----

7,921-----

* P 1

30,806 — — 108,274-----

17^54 8 2


r

1

40,493 19 6

264,043 ~ —

j

~ 10,103-----

.-I To"

TOTAL.

jr. s. d.

284,275 8

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissionjers; viz. , i , j -

Due for tho- Allowance to the Companies of his Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off - -

For paying off all the Bills, entered on their Course - -

For necell iry Money, extra-necessary Money, Bills, of Exchange, and Contingencies - - ' & -

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers* employed at the several Ports - -

Vi '

Sick and Hurt, the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners;

*.- y; # j

Due for the Quarters ami Cure of lick and hurt Seameh, fertt ashore

from his Majesty’s Fleet, and Contingencies relating to the said

Service - - r - - - IT- v t- - I -

{£ I '

The Total amounts to the Sum of Seven hundred Twenty-eight thousand Two hundred and Fifty-nine Pounds Eleven Shillings and Two Pence -

From whence, deducting the Money irgthe-Trea-A j. j f hirer’s Hands - - -: - £ ;j£,f As.on the )

Aid also the Money that remained tocdm'e in of Mother Side j the Supplies of the Year - - ►’-< -- — 3 — (.

15*665* l3 — ,786

The net Debt will then be Three hundred Forty-six thousand hundred Forty-five Pounds Five Shillings and Eleven Pence Three Farthings -

94»78

M13

r£

8

".1'

9

2

7,465 14 2

C

O

- \

'-4-

,13,

5*156 14 4* 329>i57 10 10

314,639 19 6

} U9*33o *9 1

/?:*§£

ind Nine 1 ce Three f -

- ';


10.013 4 5

728,259 11 2

381,314 5

346*945 5 "i

Richard Haddock, Ja. AckworthThomas Pearfe, G. Purvis, J. Fowler,

G. Crowlc.

Supplied from tin* Estimate which w»s presented to the House.

Vol. *3.


V «i ».



i i

i.

. .; i

Memorandum: THERE was retraining ia tfce late and present Treasurers of the Navy’s Hands, on the jlft December 1738, in Money, as undermentioned; and may be reckoned

towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy,

In what TREASURER’S Hands. c — I J' — +* — 1 ~ - I /a o> f la MONEY. ...; . ‘7 - t On the Heads of . total:

i — Wear and Tear, and Ordinary. Seamen's Wages* 1 Vidwds.

Troftees for Mr. Hampden's Estate - - Right honourable Patee Lord VifipoUht Torrington - Right honourable Arthur squire - r, 7 - 7 t ~ - ‘1 , In'Money A;j - - - InMtonfey - - - . - - D* towards theiDebt fbrSick and Hurt Seamen -In Moftifey - - - - -t)* towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - - r. & 1,467 6 8 12,820 12 71 J ’ m .,) - ‘ 11 £ * d. *5>251 13 4,076 8 ii| 73 «3 5 2*27:2 iO 7 93 6 1 £ 629- 9 6 16 a 51k - - - 5 5.545 w J £ *- d. 15,881 2 8J 5.634 — 6* 20,64111 if

1 { 14.287; 19 3 31,767 12 3 6,iok 2 52.156 *4 4*

~~ rv

N. jB, There rentitfrffed, <Jh the 3*f£ December toft, to come in, of the Supplies of the Year - 329,157. i°« *o.-

N

CD

CL

CT

o

o

o

OQ

ft

g ZLi tr iuvnjq9j06 o

it Geo. II.

9’ Febnarii.

221

Tim Account of the Xumbt* of Stefciheh fcirttptoyed ifr Of ehch Month; distinguishing what Number were the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 3 ift Decern- borne, and what mustered, in the 'fare! Service, is as her 1737 to the %\k"Decerffoer 1738, upon a Medium follows; viz.

Navy-Office, j An ACCOtJNT of the Number of Seamen employed ini rfhe Service of the ftoydl Navy,-from 7th February 1786.3 the 31st December *737 to the 3 738, iippira Medium of each Month; difl-

tinguishing what Number weife borne, andwhat mattered, in thefakf Set vice; prepared pursuant to an Order of the honourable Hottfe of Commons, idated thOibtft itistant

i MONTHS. Nuwbfer Mm. i

Borne. . Muttered.

V. tn ,-T January 1737 - 9,282 *,946

February - - - 9^315 9>m

March *758 - 11,469 »,t 15

fpr/Z - >3^95: 12,487 1 i5iM«

.May 15,89b

- 18,147

« - 20,46 a . 18.993

24,360 23,226

.September 25,266 . 23,801

October - 24,613 1 43.!4?

November - - - 23.556 16,067 22,567

Pectonber - - - 16,067

Total - £12,022 201,806

Upon a Medium - n 17,668 ‘16,817

Richard Haddock, la. AckmrthPurvist Ro. Bytig, T/wua$ Matketos.

V

’Ordered, That the said E&ietates and Account do Addrest to his Majesty* ao Estimate of the Charge of Ordnance ,4ie upon the Table* to be peruftd by- the Members of the Office of Ordnance* for the Year 1739. Estimat«.

the House. . And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Mr. Smell pnrfented tod* ttoufe, porfuap, tp thelf Tte *: '

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the if ear 1739.

rr*

tAND-SERVlCE.

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Store-honfes, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Store^forGarii'ons, Rents,. Salaries, and Other incidentCtarges -

'EifebJmitnentfe at Mahon, Gibraltar, Annapolis, Placentia,.

‘and North Britain <-»

Thb Ray of an Engineer lent U> Georgia and South Carolina, Ry his Majesty’s Warrant, dated 7th November 173,7

¥Uflr-pUy Of the Officers that have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, Spain, and on several Expeditions

EXTRAOROtNARIES.

Towards carrying on the Fortifications, TOP^big.olStore-hoafes, and Applying of Stores -

Gibraltar -Mahon; -Annapolis -Placentia -

/£ S‘ d. aS>S33 7 d

9,96* 3 9

365-----

4?6.;*5

V

10,000 . — — i

5Mo----- i

700 * — — , ,309 -+.1

TTWard^ rebuilding and repairing the Fortifications at -

Towards building and repairing the Fortifications at

Towards carrying on the new Fortifications and Barracks at Fort AvguJlus, in the Highlands of Scotland - -

©neQiundred Tons of Saltpetre - -

1:j‘ Escceedings; for which no Allowance hath beenprude by Parliament,

T j \Ordnance and Stores, feirt for the Security and Defence of -a rw« nr, ^at island, by Order Qf Council, dated .8th March 1734.-T \r C An additional Supply of Ordnance, Mortars, Timber, and other o inorca,- Stores, by his Majesty’s Warrant, dated 16th May 1738 -To the Ber- \ Powder, Match, and Cartridge Paper, by Order of Council,

WMctolflandsI dated 6th April 1738 - ....

T c ft c C ^rou Ordnance, Round Shot, Small Arms, Artificers Tools, ° or 1 °a and other Stores, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrants, ro ina an < 2oth April, 12th July 1738, and Order of Council

eoigia the 31 ft Day of the same Month -

d

4Sb$S8 6

*6,qo$> i 3*000

5j©Uo — -iri

-rot

‘ 2«69o' — rvsr in"

4v5<»o —

"T —: ... .'..wrf'? So,088 6

T '? <A

... > -

M

: *. e «: '* :ti

.m{; M r!j *mA

1:; . rj ^ifh

:*oi!{<,' ».rs7;: ni mt,£% bn&

,'t

ror irru*

)ll J'.". i h a >£*3 fiM. Jjtii^b

unolio/

-t-sr11')o c.; V

8*206

>5.133

>95

3 8

2 — 2 8

6,969 3 2

Cha. Wills, John Armstrong, Geo. L. Smelt, W. R. Earle.

Vol. 23. 3L

3°>5°3 11 6

110,591 37 9

Ordered,

222

p° Fefruarii. . 1738.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the; House. 1

la reip«d> A Petition of the Cuiriers and other Dealers in Lea-

ing united ther, whole Names are thereunto IhUcribed, in *behalf of l^*UMsr* themselves, and'many others, waspresentedto-the House, And read-, fettibg forth. That, by an Act, passed in the FirftYear of the Reigo of King James the First, concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers, occupying the cutting of Leather, it is, among other Things, enacted, That no Person or Persons shall buy, foil, bargain, bespeak, or take, promise to have, -exchange, or putaway, any tanned Leather not wrought and converted ijito made Wares, but only such Person and Persons as will land shall work, rind convert the (tune Leather into made Wares , and, by an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of their.late Majestie’s King William and Queen Mafor explaining Part of the said recited Statute, it is enacted,'Tha^* all and every Hide, Skin, or Piece of tanned Leather, ll\aved or li-' quored, of what. Colour soever, with any lawful liquoring or dressing, and being well and truly curried, according to the Directions of the said Statute, shall be adjudged, reputed, and taken, to be the made Ware and Manufacture of the Carrier, and shall be subject to a View and Search in manner directed in the said Statute; and that it shall be lawful to and for all Leather-fellers, Curriers, Shoemakers, and all other Persons whatsoever that do deal and work in Leather, freely to bdy all-Sorts of red ^tanned Leather in any openiFainor Market, whether curried or uncurried, the same being first searched and sealed, - according to the Form of the Statutes in that same made and provided j and having so bought the fame, to fell it again to any Person' or Persons whatsoever, in their publick and open Shops, or to cut and convert the same into other made Wares, according to their . several and respective Trades: And that the Petitioners conceive the intention of the Iall-reoited Act was to make the Petitioners, among others, free Buyers and . Sellers of Hides and Skins, and to give Liberty to them to cat and fell the same in such Pieces and Parcels as are soft fit foe the respective Uses of the various Artificers dealing with them for the fame, such as Shoemakers, Sadlers, Leather Clog-makers, Collar-makers, Bellows-, makers. Chair-makers, Bodice-makers, Patten-makers, Bridle-cutters, and several others; the different Parts of One Hide and Skin being useful for distinct and different Purposes, and seldom.'worked up by any One Artificer:. And that the Petitioners have accordingly, ever since the peffing the said Act, till within these Five or Six Years, without the Ieaft Interruption, cut and fold Hides and Skins in the maimer afore-mentioned; when, by reason of fomp Doubts upon the Construction of the said Statute, several JDisputes have arisen between the Company of Cordwainers, and the Petitioners, as to the cutting and felling such Hides and Skins, And what shall be . deemed and taken to be red tanned Leather; and that -several Actions have been brought and prosecuted against feme of the Petitioners, in which Verdicts have been sometimes found fortbe Plaintiffs the Cordwainers, and sometimes for the Defendants the Curriers and Dealers in Leather; and Fourteen Actions more are brought at the Expence of the said Company, against others, several whjrfeof are now at issue, in order to binder the Petitioners, who are obliged to defend such Actions at their own private Expence, from cutting and felling Hides and Skins in such Pieces and Parcels as are roost fit for the various Artificers using the same in

their respective Occupations: That the Petitioners, the last Session of Parliament, applied to the tleufe, by Petition, for Relief in the Premiles; which was referred to the Consideration of a Committee, who agreed upon a Report,- and also came to several Refutations, which were reported, and agreed to by the Hoofe; whereupon . Leave was given to bring in a Bill to obviate the Doubts which have arisen upon the Conftrnftion of the said Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary; which Bill was accordingly presented, and read the First time, and ordered to beread a Second time; but the Session was so far advanced that it did not pals into a Law: And that, without the Aid of Parliament, not only the said Actions may be prose-ented, but-many more may be brought against the Petitioners, the Defence of which will be attended with very great Expence, whereby the Petitioners will be obliged to leave off the Catting and Selling of Leather to the middling and poorer Sort of Master Shoemakers, as well as the various other Artificers working in Leather; which will not only tend to the utter Ruin of feme, and the Injury and Oppression of others, of the Petitioners, but-to the Injury and Oppression of great Numbers of his Majesty’s industrious Subjects: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill ta obviate the* Doubts, which have arisen upon the Construction of the said Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and-Queen , intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet. . .*

The Houps was moved, that the said Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen,

might be read:

And the same was read accord ihgly:

And that Part of the Journal of the House, of the 3d Day of May, in the'last Session of Parliament, which Contains the said Resoluttons of the said Committee, and the Proceedings of the House thereupon, was also read.

Ordered, That Leave be gfven to bring in a Bill to obviate Certain Doubts, which have arisen upon the Construction of the Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of . the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather: And-that Mr. Thomas , Mr. Hume Campbell, Sir George Cafioall, Mr. Earle, and Mr.

Dawkins, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Army suant to theic Address to his Majesty, Estimate*.

Estimate Oft he Charge of the Guardi, Garisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1730: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, for the Year 17391 And also, t

Estimate of the Charge of the OutPeafionets of CheJJea Hospital, for the Year 1739: And also.

An Account of Services incurred Anno 1738, not provided for by Parliament.

And the Titles of the said Estimates and Aocotmt Were read.

The said Estimates and Awwrt are as follow;

12 Geo. XI.

9* Februartu

S2|

£ S TI MAT E of the Charge of the Guard s^Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain

"for thfe Year 1739;

Horse -

Dragoons -

Foot - - - c

~First Troop of Guards -Second Ditto -

Third ZM/o - -

Fourth Ditto -

First Troop of Grenadier Guards Second Ditto -Royal Regiment of Guards Lord Pembroke's Regiment Lieutenant General Evans's lieutenant General Wade’s

Royal Regiment Brigadier Campbell's Lieutenant General y Lord Cadogan’s \ Major General Kerfs Sir Robert Rich’s Major General Churchill's uLord Mark Kerr’s -

First Regiment of Guards -Second Ditto -Third Ditto Brigadier Iloicard’s Regiment -Major General Barrell’s -Colonel Cornwallis's Lieutenant General Whetham's Brigadier Middleton's + Brigadier Harrison’s Brigadier Handafyd's -

Lieutenant General Sabine's

Invalids - -

( Major General Fielding’s Reg* ~ 25 Independent Companies

NUMBERS.

l8t

181

181

i8t

176

*77

337*

3*9

214

214

369

369

369

369

369

3%'

369

3%

2,005

1.288

1.288

7°5

7°5

‘7°5

7°5

7°5

7°5

705

705

5*5

1,300

Independent Independent Companies in North Britain Companies - J r % r

9

a-r\ui (Staff Officers -

Staff Officers, \ Garrisons, with Fire and Candle -

c' " ( Contingencies, upon Account

Whitehall, 8th February 1738-9.

,r 2,161

4

2,95

IO, I

*,815

555

*7»7°4

Pay of the Troop* and Regiments, for 365 Days. TOTAL # *f

£. s. d. £. s. <L A I 1

*0.546 13 4 16,546 13 4

16.546 13 4 16.546 13 4

to.743* 3 4

10,876 18 4 % a * y«»

26,876 3 26,054 18

17.696 8

17.696 8

WiU. Yonge.

*7*4*3 to IO

*7.4*3 16 10

17.413 10 IO’

*7.4*3 10 10

*7.4*3 10 10

*7.4*3 10 10

*7.4*3 10 10

*7,4*3 10 10

*5'.*5 14 2.

33,208 18 4

’ 33.263 *3 4

*3,879 2 6

*3,879 2 6

*3,879 2 6

*3,879 2 6

*3,879 2 6

*3,879 2 6

*3.879 2 6

13.879 2 6

9,906 14 2

22,584 7 6

to, 880 *9 2

35,97* 7 If

15,000 —

Totax, . £ m

176,ii4 13 4

is9,30^ 6

22

«57

r

5

8

3*,49*

9,115 *7 ©

61,852 6 9F

647»549 *« 3*

Vor.. 23.

4

124

9° Februa.

A* 173S.

ES TIM A T E of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, r, and Gibraltar,

for the Year 1739.

In the PLANTATIONS.

Duke of Marlborough's Regiment - -

Brigadier Philips'5 -

Colohel Oglethorpe's

Four Independent Companies at York -

One Company at Bermudas -

Eight Companies at Jamaica -

One Company in the Iflahd-of Providence - -

Garrisons oXAnnapoBi Roy Cartfo, and Placentia

' In

Brigadier Hargrave's Regiment -

Brigadier Armfiroiig's

Major General Tyrrell's -Colonel Paget's - - . -

Brigadier Anfirutlidr's -

615

615

615

615

615

Officers of the Garrison, Sc. - -

In GIBRALTAR.

Major General Kirk's Regiment -

Lord Tyrawley's - - . - -

Major General Columbine's - -Major General CUtyton'a - . -

Colonel Read's - -

Officers of the GarrifOn, Sc. - *

J 9.187

Provisions for Brigadier Phillips's Regiment in Garrison at Annapolis Royal, Canso, and Placentia, deducing Diem, out of the Sub-fistence of each Non-commissioned Officer and private Man, towards , that Expence; Remains to be borne by the Government Provisions for the Ibveral Regiments at Gibraltar -srovisions for Colotiel Oglethorpe’s Regiment at Georgia -

NUMBERS.

395

394

684

445

57

012

150

615

,6*5

615

615

615

>63)

&> 07-5

3.075

Pay of tho Reginrrats, for 365 Days.

£ d.

9.775 i8 4

9»83° 13 4

12,978 1 8

7,141 16 8 i,oo$ 15 — 15,731 10 — 2,460 15 10

11.784 2 6

12.784 2 6

12.784 2 6

12.784 2 6

12.784 2 6

12,748 2 6

i*,944 7 6

12,784.26

12.784 2 6

12.784 2 .6

TOTAL

£. s.

58,928 10 >9 2.539 8

63,920 12 6

6,200 8 9

1,558 17 i 25,000 * — — 2,080 10 —

Whitehall, 8th February 1.738 9.

Will. Yonge.

Total -

64,084 17 6

3.749 >2 3*

28,639 7

228,062 10 7 4-

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out Pensioness of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year. 1739.

4,118 Out-pensioners Handing at pfefent upon, the Books of the Hospital at . 5 d.per Diem each - - - . -

100 Letter-men, at izd. per Diem each - '

9 Serjeants,.at <§d. per Diem each - r -

Per Diert. For 365 Days.

' & s. d. £ s.

85 15 10- 31,313 19 2

5 — 1,825

1 9 3 533 *6 3

92 5 1

..... From which deduct,

The Sum of Six thousand Five hundred Pounds, which, by Estimation, may be applicable towards defraying this Expence, out of the Poundage of the Forces, for the Year 1739

Remains to be granted, upon Account, of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1739 .....£.

33.672 15 5

6,500 — —

27.172 *5 5

Whitehall, 8th February 1738-9.

Will. Yonge.

An ACCOUNT of Services incurred Anno 1738; and not provided for by Parliament.

To make good the Difference of Pay between the English and Irish Establishment for Lord Rothes's Regiment of Foot, on the Establishment of Ireland, lately serving at Gibraltar, f for 110 Days, from the 25th Day of December 1737 to the 14th of April 1738 exclusive, being the Day they landed in Ireland -

To make good the like Sum, paid Mr. John Gilman, Contractor for furnishing and supplying the Forces in the Island of Minorca with Salt Beef, over and above the 6d. per Man per Week, (lopped from the Pay of the Regiments there, pursuant to Contract -To make good the like Sum, paid Mr. Win. Caulfield, for surveying and keeping in Repair the new Roads through the Highlands of Scotland, Anno 1738 - ..

£. s. d.

264 — — *

866 13 4

400 — — To

Supply.

Supply.

12 GeO. II.

9° — 10° — i Februarii.

To make good the like Sum, paid Brigadier Philip Anjlrufher, upon his Bill of the a6th of Augttjl 1738, for extraordinary Experices in the Island of Minorca -

Payments actually made to the Contractor foV victualling the Garrison'of Gibraltar, from tlfe 4th of February) 173^-, the Commencement of his Contract, to the 13th of August 1738 inclusive- -

Payments from the 14th of Augujlto the 3 ill of December 1738, both Days inclusive, being Five Months, of 28 Days per Month, at the Rate of £.2,000 per Month, per Estimation, will amount to - £. 10,000 — —

Insurance, Anno 1738,ptr Estimation - - - - '450-----

Total of the actual and estimated Payments

Total of the Supplies voted by Parliament for victualling the Garrifon of Gibraltar, and applicable to satisfy the Demands of the present

Contractor for that Service, to the 24th of 1738 -

Remains to be provided for by Parliament - - - - *-

d.

153,868 9 5I

Whitehall, 8 th February 173-

Will. Yonge.

Total - - £.

22


r.

757 17

r*

0

id

>75* *7

5.041 8 3i

Ordered, That the said Ellimates and Account do lie upon the Table, to be' perused by the Members of the House. *

The Order of the Day tjeing read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

M r. Francis Fane took the Chais of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they’ had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House,.That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon WedneJRay Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Jjie Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sab bast, i o° die Februarii 5

Anno 11* Georgii II4' Regis, 1738-

Praters.

M ESNadal and William Rend Morin took the J Oaths appointed in order to their Naturalization.

Mr, Francis Fane,according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Twelve thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-nine, beginning from the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man pet Month, be allowed Tor maintaining the said Twelve thousand Men* for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Questiofl severally put thereupon, agreed to by the.House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-; ing next, refolye itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply grauted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday " Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 120 die Februarii; Anno 12* Georgii IP1' Regis, 1738. PllAYERS.

THE House being informed. That Mr. Corbett, Secretary to Greemoich Hospital, attended at the Door;

He’was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A State of the yearly Revenue and Expence of Greenwich Hospital: And also, "

An Account, shewing how the Money granted last Sessioil of Parliament, for Greenwich Hospital,. has been disposed of.

Heelfo presented to the House, h Bepdrt’of the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, what Money has been received from the DerxoenfwaterEstate in the Year 1738,

and of their Proceedings in carrying on the Building; prepared in Obedience to an Act, passed in the First Seffiort of this present Parliament, for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the said Estate.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said State, Account, and Report, were read.

The said State, Account, and Report, are as follow > viz.

Ways and Means.

Grremr'ch He spital.

VOL. 23.

3 M

A State

♦ft*

g

(a

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o

oo,

FT

8th February,7 A STATE-of the yearly Revenue and Expence of Greenwich Hospital; prepared in pursuance of an Order of the Honourable House of Commons,

1733-9- i of the 6th February 1738-9.

Estimate of the Revenue.

The Six Pence per Man per Menfem,of 10,000 Seamen usually erh ployed in the King’s Service at Sea, in Time of Peace, yields -

The Six Pence a Man per Menfem, of about 1,500 Seamen employed on board his Majesty’s Ships in ordinary, may yield The Six Pence a Man per Menfem, of Seamen employed in the Merchant Service, is eft i mated at ——

The Three Light-houses on the Forelands may yield, per Annum, about [The Rents per Annum of Houses yield about -

There is veiled in South Sea Annuities, by Order of the Court of Chancery, the Sum of about £. 3,800 devised to the Hospital; which Sum is to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands; and, in the mean time, the Hospital receives Interest at £.4 per Cent.

Revenue lhort of the Expenoe

Note, The Half Pay of the Lieutenant Governor, and other military Officers of the Hospital, which is at present applied in Aid to the Revenue of the Hospital, and may be deduced from the above Deficiency, amounts to -The Wages, and Value of Provisions, allowed the Chaplains of the Ordinary of Deptford and which are at

present applied in like manner, they being the Chaplains of the Hospital, amount to -

d.

643 7 —

107 — ' —

Butthe said Sums,beinguncertain, are not brought to Account as Part of the Revenue of the Hospital.

Note, As 20,000 Seamen were voted for the Service of the Year 1738, the Revenue will have yielded more in Proportion, as the Number employed exceeded 10,000 Men.

Supplied from the State which was presented to the House.

£ d-

3,250-----

487 10 —

7,000 — —

1,400-----

228 18 4]

144 — —

12,510 8 4

'ii i

24,029 *9 5

Estimate of the Expence.

The Maintaining of 1,000 disabled Seamen, with the Officers, Servants, and

Nurses, upon thd present Establishment, is estimated at - % 21,254 13 to

The ordinary Repairs in and about the Hospital, including the Wages of the

Officers of the Works, is estimated at about - ----- 2,020 5 7

Contingent Charges are about..... 7 -

£.24,029 19 5

By Order of the Commissioners,

Will. Corbett.

75o 7

226 12° Februarii. A. 1738.

12 Geo. II. 12° Februarii. 227

8th February ? An ACCOUNT, how the Money granted last Session of Parliament, for Greenwich Hospital, has 738-9. j been disposed of; prepared in pursuance of an Order of the Honourable House of Comthons* of the 6th February 1738-9.

The Expence of maintaining 550 additional disabled Seamen, with 33 Nurses, being Widows of t. it.

Sea Officers, or poor Seamen, for One Year, is estimated at - - - - -’ 9,366 1 8

Remainder expended in the current Service of the Hospital - 633 18 4

£. 10,000-----

Note, That the Accounts of the Hospital are cleared, and paid, only to the 30th of September last.

By Order of the Commissioners,

Will. Corbett.'

8th 1738-9.

A REPORT of the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, what Money has been received from the -

water Estate, in the Year 1798; and of their Proceedings in carrying on the Building:

In Obedience to the Directions of an Act, passed in the First Session of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates, forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Derwentwater, and of Charles Requiring the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen, at Greenwich, -tocontract and agree with able and sufficientTradefmen, Artificers, or other Persons, for finishing and completing, the said Royal Hospital in a workman-]ike and substantially manner, on the easiest and moftreafqnable Terms,according to the Plan laid before the House of Commons in the said Session of Parliament;' andtol^y thpif Proceedings therein* with their annual Accounts, before his Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament, Bclpp&iv/sly; —

; . ..-I <: i V

THE Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital humbly Report asfollowed*t v

£. s. d.

There has been received, between the 31st December 1737, and the 31st December 1738, out

of the Rents and Profits of the Estate ----- - 2,457 — 6§

m

AS to their Proceedings in carrying on the Building: ,

The East Building of Queen Mary's Court has been.carried up, from a Height ofi'4 Feet above-: the great Facia, to the Top of the AttickCornice; and the advanced Story, in the middle

Break of the said Building, the Top of the’Pediment; and the Roof of the whole Building put on, and Part covered.

The South Building of the said Court has been carried up, from 13 Feet above the great , to the Top of the Pediments; and the Roof put on, and Part covered in; and the Chimney Shafts carried up.

The North and South Sides of the Chapel Building, and the Legs of the Cupola, have been carried up, from Six Feet above the great Facia, to a Height of 14 Feet above the said Facia.

The Expence of which, brought to an Account in September last, and paid, has amounted to - 14,459 *3 5

Note, There has been paid by the Receivers, as appears by their Cash Accounts, out of the Money arising from the Rents and Profits of the Estate, between the 1 ft; January and the ✓ 31 fi December 1738, for building and repairing Tenants Houses, and other necessary

Repairs on the Estate, the Sum of £. 2,843. 9s- 3^»

By Order of the Commissioners,

Will. Corbett.

Ordered, That the said State, Account, and Report, , Sir Jo/. Pennington, Mr.- Bance, Mr, Med*

do lie upon the Table, to be perused-by the Members lycott, Mr. Earle, Mr. Mr Mr. Affleck*

of the House. Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Lechmere: And they are to meet

Kadal’s, &c. this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Nat. A Bill for naturalizing Tdwtitt Nadal and William Rene Chamber.

Morin, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Laroche, The House being informed. That Mr. Wood, De-Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir John Heathcote, Mr Lawton,puty Treasurer of Grcemoich Hospital, attended at the °pi

Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Fane, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Door;

Plumptre, Mr Shepheard, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Pmolett,. He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the

Mr. Hanbury Williams, Sir James Grant, Mr. Gore, House, pursuant to their Order, an Account, she wing how Mr. Waller, Dr. Butler, Mr. Plumer, Sir Wm. Heath- much Money has been received by the Treasurer of the cote, Mr. Popham, Mr. Rose, Mr. Harley, Mr. Lloyd,said Hospital from Christmas 1737 to Christmas 1738;

Mr. Bromley, Mr. Frankland, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. and how the same has been applied;

Archer, Mr. Cartxoright, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Majters, And then he withdrew.

Mr. Longueville, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Gregory, Sir And the Title of the said Account was read.

Robert Munro, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Walker, Lord The said Account is as follows; viz.

Vol. 23.


228


12° Febru.

1738;

Greenwich Hospital, 7 12th February 1738/ 3

An ACCOUNT, shewing how much Money has been received by the Treasurer of the said Hospital, from Christmas 1737 to 1738; and how the fame

has been applied j viz.

SMhu

£. s. d.

Received for Seamen’s Six Pences, employed in the Merchants Service, One Year, to

November 1738 ----- - 6,890 4 3

Received on account of Abatements on Seamen’s Wages, employed in his Majesty’s Service - 8,000-

Received for the Duties of the Light-houses on the North and South Forelands, One Year, to

Michaelmas tail ----- 1,600 6 9$-

Received the Money granted by Parliament, Anno 1737 ----- 10,000-----

Received the Chaplains Wages, and Groats on Deptford and Woolwich Ordinaries, One Year

and a Quarter, to Christmas 1737 - - - 102 —

Received for the Provisions due to the Chaplains of above Ordinaries, Five Quarters, to

March 1738 - 35 16 —

Received Seamen’s Forfeitures, One Year, to Christmas 1737 - - - - *717 —

Received the Officers Half-pay, One Year, to Midsummer 1738 ----- 666 15 6

Recei ved the Deductions of the Three Pence in the Pound from the Officers on their Half-pay 11 14 —

Received for Six Pences abated from Seamen employed in the Victualling Vessels, One Year,

to Christmas 1737- - - - - 1196

Received of the Accountant General in Chancery, on Account of Interest on sundry South

Sea Annuities, for Seven Years, to Michaelmas 1737 ----- 1,017 7

Received of Ditto, being so much of the principal Sum of 3,331 Pounds, South Sea Annuities 141 — - —

Received for Rent of Houses belonging to the Hospital - - - . - 218183

f. 28,823 8 5t

Which said Sums, together with what remained in the Treasurer’s Hands on the Balance of the last Account, have been applied, as on the other Side; viz.

i^-

Treasurer

t

fk

D

eg'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

ca

►a

IQ

Treasurer Dr.

To Cash remaining on Balance of last Account -

To sundry imprest Receipts, then Handing out -To the Treasurer’s Receipts, from Qhrijtmas 1737, to Christmas 1738, as on the other Side -

Sum.

£. s. d.

15,793 «8 5 2>59z 5

28,823 8 5*

47,209 u


Per Contra. Cr.

Paid Six Months Houshold Books, ending March 1738 -Six Months Contingencies, IP -

Six Months Books of -current Works, D* -

Six Months Books of measured Works, D* -

Paid Six Months Houshold Books, ending September 1738 Six Months Contingencies, 2> - -

Six Months Books of current Works, D* -Six Months Books of measured Works, D° -

A Book of Works, done in the South Pavilion of Queen Anne's Court, ending the same time -

j£v d-9*40# 4 5i 378 8 11 561 6 -

318 18 10

9,876 8 6

*13 1 6

440 1 7

J02 6 4

327 9 3

Paid, being the Purchase-money of some Houses and Land bought contiguous to the Hospital -

Paid, Rent due to Morden College, One Year, to Lady-day 1738 Paid, on a Book of Works, done in Queen Mary's Court, for Six Months, ending with September 1738, being so much.more than the Receipts of the Rents and Profit s of the Derwentwater Estate amounts to, for this time Paid sundry Fees and Allowances for auditing and passing the Accounts, Kc. Paid by sundry Imprest Receipts uncleared -

Due to Balance -

For Hercules Baker Esquire, Treaftnrer,'

James Wood, Deputy.

Sum.

'£ s-

10,666 16 2

’IO»959 7 2.

94i-----

21 -- —

0,220 IO ---

45 *2 4i

4,x6o 19 —

34,024 4 8*

i3»*85 7 "1

47,209 12 8$

i« Geo. II. 126 Febrmrii. 229

230

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read;

Ways The House resolved itself into a Committee of the and Mi*ns. whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. " '

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Sneaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Houl'c, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A. 1738.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 130 die Febr; Anno 12* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1738.

Prayers.

THE House being informed. That Mr. Bowen, from Di/poGtion of the Trealiiry, attended at the Door; Grants.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, An Account, Ihewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1738 hath been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads, until the 13th Day of February x 738; and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied, with the Overplus thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as follows;

12* — 13* Februarii

I - 1 W

Am ACCOUNT, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Yean 738 hath been disposed of; difl'mcfuiflied under the foveral IIcad$, until the 13th Day of February 1738;

and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied, with the Overplus thereon.

~4

O

tr*

GRANTS.

r fV»r Victuals, Wages, and Wear and Tear, of the Navy, and Victualing thereof, for 10,000 Men, for 13 Months -\ Tor additional Men for Sea Service, after abating £.190,000 fora Proportion of £.2oj,0»o wlt.ch this Service did not call for J For the Ordinary of the Navy; and for Half-p.iy -

av> 1 For extraordinary Repairs of the Navy ——

C Towards Support of Greenwich Hospital ——

£. s. d.

/'For Ordnance for Sea Service for 10,000 Men - -- - 26,000-;

1 More for additional Men for Sea Service, after abating £.10,000 Residue of £.200,000 which the Naval Services

Ordnance - < did not call for 15,000

i For Ordnance, Land Service

V. For extraordinary Expences for Land Services, not provided for by Parliament

ffor defraying the Charge of 17,704 Men, for Guards, Garrisons, #c. Anno 1738

j For maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, Anno 1738 Forces- - ('*P°11 Account of Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital ——

'.For defraying foveral extraordinary Expences and Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament I Upon Account of Half-pay to reduced Officer* of his Majesty* Land Forces and Marines, Anno 1738 -LFor Peufionsto Officers Widows who were married before Christmas 1716, lor the Year 1738

Defici

good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, Anno 1736, at Lady day 1738 -

i good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, Amo 1736, at Midiaelmu* 1738 -

gnod the Deficiency of the Grants, Anno 1737, £ 28,321 4*. w^d.; but satisfiod with -[‘place to the Sinking Fund the like Sum, paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Strmip Duties (Ik rift mat 1736 ——

replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum, paid to the Rank of England, for Interest on £.500,000 lent on the Salt Duty, Anno 1735.....-.....-

Towards the Maintenance of the Britidi Forts and Settlements belonging to the Royal African Company on the Coast of Africa

Towards the settling and securing the Colony of Georgia in America -----....

Towards the repairing and finishing the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westmiifttr

To the Bank of England, to redeem a proportional Part of their Annuity ——

£ s. d.

494,000 — —

285,000 — —

222,885 12 5

40,000 —

41,000

79.723 6 3

6.295 18 4

647.549 11 Si

225,982 — 7$

27,910 7 6

14.395 4 6

41,959 15 10

3.990 — —

173.718 18 11

34,797 4 7*

28,267 — si

2.132 18 10

30,000 — —

Memorandum: The Expence of the Sea Service not calling forfo much as was allowed for the fame, no more than £.300,000 Part of £.500,000 granted for 10,000 additional Men, hath been rtifed; rit.

For the Navy ——

For the Ordnance Sea Service -

c. /;

285,000 -

15,000 -

d.

1,041,885 12 5

10,000-----

127,019 4 7

961,786 19 9

270,026 2 jo

10,000 — —

8.000 -

4.000 -

1,000,000 — —

3,432,717 19 7

Sums* paid.

d.

973.85®

10,000 —

136,1671810

961,315 10 3

173,728 18 II 34.797 4 7$ 38,-267 — 51

3,432 18 10

30,000-----

10/100-----

8.000 -

4.000 -

1,000,000-----

Remains to to pM.

68,035 lO IO

831 5 9

47* 9 7

3.363.359 *3 5

D

CQ

ft*

n'

CD

Q_

CT

The Ways and Means for supplying the said Services.

£> * d.

750.000 ----- By the Malt Duty, Anno 1738.

1,000,000 — — By the Land Tax, Anno 1738.

1*500,000----- By the Sinking Fund.

500.000 ----- By Contributions for Annuities at £. 3 per Cent. on Sinking Fund.

2,169 17 4 By Arrears of the Duties on Malt, Anno 1736.

Total of Ways and Means.

To be abated, as so much not raised on the Uead of additional Men Sea Service, as before observed.

£.300,000-----

o

o

o

'FT

3.752.169 *7 4

200,000

.55«,i69 »7 4

3,439,717 19 7

*19451 *7 9

Residue of Ways and Means, Anno 1738, undisposed of the 13th Day of February 1738.

On the Sinking Fund.....- - £. 145,040 14 \o{

On Contributions for Annuities, at £.3 per Cent. on the Sinking Fund 43,769 9 — t

188,810 3 11

Deduct what Remains to be paid out of the Supplies - - - 69*358 $ 2

Rest is the Overplus of the Grants, Anno 1738, as dated on the other Side £. 119,451 17 9

69,35® 6 2

119,45117 <p Rest is the Overplus of the Grants, Anno 1738.

This Account is dated, in Obedience to his Majesty’s Commands, upon an Address of this honourable House, and is humbly presented, the 13th Day of February 1738, by me

Thomas Botocn.

t2 Geo. II. 13° FebruariL

2$2 130 Februarii. A. 1738.:

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Way* Mr. Francis Fane,according to Order, reported from and Meant. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred io consider of Ways and Means for raising . thr£ Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which thely had directed liim to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same wfts read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, Thatit is the Opinion of tins Committee, That,'towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the Eleventh Year of his Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the 24 th Day , 1739* be further continued and charged upon all Malt

winch shall be made; and all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be thade for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great,

from the 23d Day of Juwe 1739, to the 24thDay of June

*74°-

The said Resolution being read a Second time, was, tjpoiv the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said , Resolution: and that Mr. Francis , the I xml

Sundon, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. ton, Mr. Earle, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Scrope, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Fraud* in Sir Francis Child reported from the Committee

Gold and whom the Petition of the Wardens and Commonalty

Wares. of the Mystery of Goldsmiths, of the City of Ijmdon, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him 10 report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, the Petitioners, laid before the Committee,

An Act of Parliament, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of King Edward the First, whereby it appeared, That no Goldsmith is to make any manner of Vefibl, or other Thing, of Gold or Silver, except it be of good and true Alkty; and that no manner of Vessel of Silver is tq depart out of the Hands of the Workers, until it be assayed by the Wardens of the Craft., and marked with the Leopard’s Head; which Wardens are likewise thereby empowered to go from Shop to Shop, among the Goldsmiths to assay their Gold.

: Then the Petitioners, to prove the Frauds complained . of, called

Mr. Jofiph Ward, Allay Mailer of Goldsmiths Hall, > and Mr. Thomas Rankes, Clerk to the said Company:

Win), being fed erally examined, said, That, notwithstanding the Powers given by the before-mentioned "Aft, there had been no Searches made for the last 12 or id YeArs; and that there were no Wardens now living; tlrot: had ever made a Search; the Reason of this Dif-, Cojntf nuance of Searching Was, as they apprehended and had-heard, from the Opposition the Wardens usually met wfth in executing that Power.

And, in order to fiicw the ill Consequences arising from the Goldsmiths being thereby exempted, in a manner, from the Inspection of the Wardens of the Craft, the Petitioners called

Obadiah Weljled and Richard Vincent; who ft-verally produced to the Committee several Pieces of Plate, by them purchased, at Shops within the Cities of London and Westminster; some whereof had no Marks at all upon them; and others, as appeared by the Evidence of the

above-named Mr. Joseph Ward, Assay Mailer, had -counterfeit Marks stamped upon them. L- ,: i

The said Mr. Ward being asked, If a Mark could not be taken out of an old Piece of Plate and put into a new one, so as that the Fraud should not be discoWred ? said. It might be easily done; and, in such a manner, a£ to deceive a Person not versed in the Business; which’ his Evidence, in this Particular, was confirmed by Mr.

Weljled and Mr. Vincent. t

It appeared further, by the Evidence of Mr. Weljled and Mr. Vincent, That the several Pieces of Plate by them produced, had, lince the Purchase of them* been allayed at the Totver; and that the same had been found greatly deficient; and they gave Evidence to the Committee of the particular Deficiency of each.

Piece of Plate, which was, in some, very great, and in others less.

The Petitioners then proceeded to shew what had been the Produce of the Assay Office for some Years last past , and what the Expence of keeping it.

To which Purpose they called again,

Mr. Thomas Bankes, Clerk to the Company: Who said, That it had formerly been usual for the Company to take Four Grains per Pound Troy for allaying and marking Silver Plate; but, for several Years pall, they had taken Six Grains for large Plate, Six Pence a Piece for Sword Hilts, Three Pence a Piece for Snuff Boxes, and other final! Sums of Money for other Small Wares by the Pkce, until the 20th of 737; lince

which time they have taken only Four Grains per Pound Troy on all Silver Plate, both large and small.

He then produced an Account of the Produce and Expence of the Assay Office for 20 Years, ending the 29th of May 1737, during which time the advanced Prices were taken; whereby it appeared, on a Balance for the whole 20 Y'ears, That the Company had been in Disburse by the said Office £.950 17s. 6d. including the Rent, of the Assayers Home and the Assay Office.

And it further appeared, by the same Evidence, That, from the lft of February 1737 to the ift of February 173S, although 3,000 lb.Weight of Plate was tried at the Assay Office more than had usually been in One Year, at Four Grains per Pound Troy, yet the Produce of the Assay Office, during that Time, including the Money received for making Paper Allays, amounted only to the Sum of £.283 os. 6d.;and the Distmrfements, exclusive-of the Rent of the Assay Office, and the Assayers House, to the Sum of^.506 18r. \d.; so that the Company are

in Disburse for that Year the Sunt of £,223 ijs. lod. over and above the Rent aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better preventing of Frauds and Abuses in Gold and Silver Wares: And that Sir Francis Child, Mr.

Scrope, Mr. Brqffey, Mr. Ilorfrmnden Turner, and Mr.

Knight, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the ftoguesand Second Session of Pari lament, in the Twelfth Year of the Vagabond* Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for reducing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, sturdy Beggars, and Vagrams, into One Act of Parliament; and for the more effectual punishing inch Rogues, Vagabonds, sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, and fendingtbem whither they ought to be sent; might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual punishing and suppressing of Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons; and for the better Relief of Lunaticks, and Foundling Children: And that Mr. Hay, Mr. Pollen, an4 Mr.

Hooper, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

That Part of the Journal of the House of the 6th Day Commercial of March, in the last Session of Parliament, which pifputi* contains the Resolution of this House, for addrelfinghis *'‘di Spain. Majesty, That he would be graciously pleaded to give Directions, That there might be laid before this House,

20 Copies

i2.Gfeo.II. »rtf February. 2^3

Copies of the Memorials . Representations delivered by Order of the Cu^tYofjSJpUftf the fe^TRefolution mentioned, was rea<^ ....

And that Part'bf the Jo^iferof the'Mti^fe, of the Day following, which contains the Report of his Majesty’s Answer to the said Address, was affb riahi:l "

yhcfhhbd, ThtoYWfr haftible Addvefe b* prefAted io fis Msjiefty, he Will HegracMufly pleufed t» givi f)i-re&ions, That there may be laid before fhl# HbnTe, Copies of such Memorjals or Repreleritations as havfc'been delivered, by Order of the Chart of Spain, td’tife Ma-Mv , his Sedretiries of Stjat^ bif*: his Minified irt Spain, lince the'Trertty Of Seville, touching any of the Dominions, Possessions, or Rights of Trade, of Great 4- >' Or ahy Infraction of Treaties, which have not already

bedn laid before‘this Hoafe. ’*

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

, T . _ / ' ' ' ' .'\ ";

Woollen A Petition of the Matters, Woot-cdmbers, Weavers, Manufacture. Dyers, and others, concerned in the Manufacture of Druggets, in the Parishes of Road and Telsford, W the County of Scrinerftt; and also, '

A Petition of the Clothiers, Dyers, Card-makeup and ethers, concerned in making Mixed or MedUy Broad Cloth, in the Town-of Froorn, in the County of Somerset, and Places adjacent; and also,: ’

A Petition of the Clothiers, and others, concerned in manufacturing Mixed and Medley Broad Cloth, in the Town of Beckington, in the County of Somerset-, and also, r

A Petition of the Clothiers, and others, concerned iii the Woollen Manufacture, in the Borough and Parish of 'Westhury,in the County of Wilts-, and also,

A Petition of the Serge-maker's and Woollen Manufacturers in Kettering, in the County of Northampton; *nd of the Growers of Wool iu all the Towns Adjacent; and also,

- A Petition of the Bailiffs, Biirgeffes, Wool growers, Wool-ftaplers, Gentlemen, fife. Inhabitants in the Town and Borough of Hindon, In the County of Witts and also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, Inhabitants and Traders in the Woollen Manufactures in itlie Town of Northampton and County adjacent; and

m,

A Petition of the Matters, Workmen, and others, concerned in the Woollen Manufactures, In the Town of FUrmfey, in the County and also,: 1

A Petition of the Persons concerned, as Makers, in the Woollen Manufactory, in the Town of Ringiooood, Southampton$ ' 1

Were severally presented to the House, and reatf; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

MercUriiy 140 die Februarit \


Anno ijt* Georgii IP* Regis, 1738,

Pkat£Rs.

Woollen A P E TITIO N of the Matters, Workmen, and otjber feUuu&aiire. JTX Persons, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, in the Towns of Halfieady Cajtle Hedmgham aftd Sibie Hedingham, in the County of Essex, and Parts adjacent, in behalf of themselves, and ail other Persons concerned in the said Manufacture throughout Great Britain; and also, ., '; 1 ’ ' '

A Petition of the Woollen Manufacturers in the Town of Stourbridge, Worcejtcrshire-, and also, '

VOi... a^.

A: Petition of (hei Matters, Workmen, and ,^er Per- 2

ioo-S concerned >|he Woollen Manufacture, in the loWnsof Long Me\ft>rd, Gfamsford, Cavendi/k> pitfjL La- *’ ’* wtmhm, i» jtlie County of Suffolk,daA Parts adjapfnt,so beffatfof themfelrfes, and all other Persons, concerned (in the said Manufacture, throughout Great Britain;

! ;Weee severally presented to the House, and read 5 complaining of the Decay of the Woollen; MgijU|* fa6tun0: And of^ying Relief ,r v

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie iUfion.thoTablai^ c.-i

A Petition of Charles Gregory Esquire, now called L Charles Gregory Wade, was presented to the House and N"" read, petting forth. That Francis Wade, of W, in the Parish of Stoneley, in the County of Warwick, Gentleman, deceased, did,(by.bi8 latt Wifi and Telia- j ment, bearing Date the ift Day of October T.730, vest . \

in Trustees, therein named, all his Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,'lying and being in the said Parish of Stondey, and City of Coventry, in ,the said County of

.Warwick,:f<or the Payment of his Debts, Legacies and Funeral Expences; and, after the faipe should be satisfied and paid, devised and limited the Premises to ibe Petitioner, and his Heirs Male, fu^jeetto the Payment of One Annuity of Ten Pounds a Year, with divers Remainders over, upon Condition that, so soon as the Petitioner, or his Heirs Male, lhopld be in the PossefHon thereof, they should, respectively take upon them, and write themselves by, the Surname of Wade; That the Petitioner is now in Possession of the Premises, and hath, jn Compliance to the said Condition, and in Gratitude to the Testator, taken upon himself, and used, the Surname of Wade: And, that the Intention of the Testator may be fully performed, is desirous that such Surname may be confirmed upon him, and his HTue Male, by the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, Thai Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for him and his Issue Male to use tl»e , Surname of Wade.

Ordered, Thajt, Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Cornewall, and Mr. Dig by, do prepare, and bring ip, the fame.

The House being informed, that Mr. Matthews, Ac- Duty on copiptant General of the Excise, attended at the Door; Plat*.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duty on wrought Plate, from the First of June 1720 to Mid/ummer 1738} distiugutfh* ing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

OrderedyThat the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the qther Papers Of this Session.

/ 1 -

Mr. Lindefay reported from the Committee, to whom Murifon’* the Bill, for naturalizing Jacob Hof ham , and h'at

Nathappel Foogd, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone throygh the Bill, and had directed him to report the feme to|the House,.without any Amendment: Aud he delivered the Bill inat the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Laroche, reported from the Committee, to whom Ntdal’i, the Bill for naturalizing James Nadal and William Rent *«Nat* Morin, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found that me to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

3 O Mr.


2J4 *5* Februariu A* 173&

Fill; Mr. Fronds Fane presented to the Hoofey according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt,

M"' kc' Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain raised England *, fend for grantiugto his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, m that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the

Year 1739: And the1 same was received; and read the Yirft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read aSecond time.

Fnwdt» STr Francis Child presented to the House, according

Goidud to or<]er, a Bill for the better preventing of Frauds and spm ares ^bufes in Gold and Silver Wares: And the same was yeraived; and read1 the First tithe.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

edttfaitfe The House being informed, that Mr. Banker, Clerk Afl»y 0®ce. of the Company of GoHsmiths of the City of London, attended' at the Door; ’’

Me was called in; and, at the Bin*, presented to the , House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Produce and Dilbtrrfements of the Assay Office’ of the Goldftniths Company, from the igth of May 1732, to the ift of February 1738. 1

- And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

- Ordered., That the said Account do lie Upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the Other Papers of this Session. '

Ssppiy. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to refelve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces fn Great Britain, for the Year 1739, be referred to the said Committee. -

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1.739, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1739, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Services incurred, Anno 1738, not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fronds Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

.Mr. Frands Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To^mopow Morning. \

Mr. Francis Fanealfo acquainted the House, That

he was directed’by‘the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Rejbtoed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eoniider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

*. ! . l’t' t*

- - - k.

: ;i Si-.-. ,i . J i

y&ois, 15* die Februarii;

Aupo ia* Georgii IP* Regis, 1738. , "

Praters.

MR. Scrope presented to the House, pursuant to their SurpM*.

Address to his Majesty, Surpluses stated at Lady-day 1738 and also, -

Surplufes stated at, Michaelmas 1738.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Surplnfes do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

1

An ingrafted Bist for naturalizing Jacob Hoffham Mu- Morifa*’^ rifon and Nathanael Voogd, was read the Third time. &c* Nst.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass:, And that the Title be, AoA&for naturalizing Jacob and

Nathanael Voogd.

Ordered, That Mr. Lindefaydo carry the Bill to the Lords, anddefire their Concurrence.; '

A Petition James Cunninghame Baronet, was presented to the House, and read j setting forth* That, at the &c*tlea,on*

EleCUon of aBurgefs to serve in this prOfent Parliament,

for the District of Burghs of HaddingtJedburgh,

Dunbar, North Berwick, and Laudat Jedburgh, the

presiding Burgh of that District, on Saturday the 18 th

Day of May 1734, Sir James Dalrympl duly elected

a Burgess for the said District, by the' Voices of Hugh

Dalrymple Esquire, who was legally elected Delegate for the said Burgh of Berwick; and of John , who

was legally elected Delegate for the said Burgh of j

James Douglas, who was duly elected Delegate for the said Burgh of Jedburgh, not being present, at the said

Election of a Burgess for the said District; and William

Cran/ion, DoCtor of Medicines, not having been duly

elected Delegate for the said Burgh of Jedburgh; and

George Edmiston not having been duly elected Delegate

for the said Burgh of Haddingtown; That, neverthelpfs,

Archibald Crombie, or JohnCrombie, or both of them, pretending to be common Clerk or Clerks -of the ‘laid Burgh of Jedburgh, have or has prefuraed to make a Rie-turn of James Fade Esquire, as duly elected a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said District, although the said James Fade was not duly elected: And that the fold Return is utterly void, not being made by John Hafititd, commonClerk of Jedburgh: And that undue Influence,

Bribery, Corruption, and other unlawful Methods, were

used by the said James Fade or his Agents or Abettort,

procuring or attempting to procure, undue Elections of

Delegates, to favour the Interest of the said James Fade

in the aforesaid Burghs of Hadding or

Lauder, or feme of them: And praying the House to

take the said Election and Return into Consideration j

and give the Petitioner such Relief, as to the House

shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the CoDsideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Westminster count, ffiewing how the Money granted last Session of Abbey. Parliament, towards the Repair of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster, has been disposed of.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, Thit their ^nftverto Address of Tuesday last. That his Majesty would be Address. graciously pleased to give Directions, that there might be laid before this House, Copies of the Memorials or Representations therein mentioned, had been presented to his Majesty: And that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

A Petition

12 GBQ. II.

Cr<f*th's A Petition of Jehq Tyke^faaxrt, heretofore q^Jled o$er to r*ife Money tenable the Petitioners $o carry Name. John Crouch, was presented t,o, t he House, and read; on tfiejaicf Bdildii^Omlf the Sum of One thousandOxie ,. fettiing forth, That jofajj'yke^fjiirllbrook in the'Couu- Hundred aijid f'ift^’rejgh^ rotindsOne ShUUng.and Thre

ty of EJer, Gentleman, t|»e,:] Petitioner’s late Uncle, by Peude ha^th been fjpceiyed j and, by voWiatary Snbfcrip

his last WiU and XmUtylfQt m Wniting, bearing Date 09 ttypabf several of the Parithibners^ artd byUeyies amongst or about the 2»ft Xjay of Juty i.731, did deviie several thenrfselves, they i^ifed the Sum, bXSev^n hundred anq Manors and Elates, therein, mentioned arid described, to Forty-fixPou nd s Fjfteep Shillings ah^lwo Pence; an^i th^;JUfe8following; viz.to his Nephew BrorijaU faqitchbyyVollinl;hfy Contributions of fjieif ^dhjhbours, the

i^ipr -Life; Remainder to John Crouch, eldest Son of the Sum of One hundred and Twenty-two Pound’s Sii SliTL visaid Rro/njqilJorljk$Reminder to the Fiilt and every lingsandTbreePenee, or thereabouts: Add the Monie£

.'iipther Son of the fitid John Crouch successivel v/and the lo raised.ana received, not being fuffiqient tp coinpfetfi . Heirs Male of their Bodies severally and respectively’; tbp said Church, according to a Han and Modid iigreeix _ Remainder to the Second and all ot her Sons'of the said upon, by several Orders of the said Parishioners, dltheir . BromfallCrouch successively, and the HeirsMaleoftheir Parish Meetings for that Purpose held, it was'driferep

.. Rodies severally and respectively; Remainder to the Pe- and agreed, That several Sums of Money should be hot* titioner, by the Name and Description of his Nephew rowed for the carrying on and fin idling the said Building,

John Crouch, eldest Son of his Brother Pyke Crouch, for amounting, in the Wjjole, to the Sum of One thousand ife; with, tiled ike Remainder to the Petitioner’s First Two hundred Pounds, Eight hundred Pounds whereof and every otfier Son successively, and the Heirs. Male were borrowed at common Interest; and Four hundred of their Bodies severally and respectively; With several Pounds, the Residue thereof, being advanced by Mrs, Remainders over; on Condition that the said Bfom/aU Dorothy Bagley, of the said City of Worcejicr, Spi lifter. Crouch, and all Rerfons in Remainder, who should take ip Coufuferation of an Annuity of Forty Pounds for her . the Testator’s. Dilate, by virtue of his said Will, should. Life; and, in pursuance of Agreement between the said when he and they respectively should be in Possession of Mrs. Bagley and the said Parishioners. a general Pkrlh his said Manors and Estates, by virtue of his said Will, Order was made, the 3 ft Day of March 1730, to pay . take upon h.m and themselves, and use, in all Deeds Mrs. Dorothy Bagley an Annuity of Forty Pounds per r and Writings, the Name of Pyke on\y, for his.and their Annum for her Life, for the said Four hundred Pounds;

Surname: ’1 hat the said Telia for, John Pyke, lately de- the said Mrs. Bagley, at that time, appearing to be in an parted this Life; and the said BrotnfallCrouch, and John infirm State of Health; And the said Twelve hundred his Son, both dying in the Life-time of the said Teltator, Pounds being lent upon the Credit of the said Parish without leaving any I flue* the Estates, lodevifed by the Orders, it was also ordered by the said Parishioners, at Will aforesaid, except wdiat are in Jointure to the said their Meetings, that the Interest for the Eight hundred Testator’s Widow. are, by virtue of the Limitations Pounds, and the said Annuity of Forty rounds per , therein contained, veiled ip ,t|ie Petitioner; and there- . Amium, should be paid by the Churchwardens of the said , upon the Petitioner, in Compliance with the said Con- Parish for the Time being, as the same should become dition contained in the said Will, hath, ever ft nee the due; which said Annuity and Interest, for feme Years, Depth of the Testator, taken upon jiimfelf, and trfed, the were paid accordingly; but, of late, the same hath not Surname of Pyke-, and is desirous tli^t the said Surname been paid; whereby a considerable Arrear hath ac-shall be confirmed on him, and the Heirs Male of his crued,. amounting to the Sum of Two hundred Pound?

Body, by Authority of, Parliament: And therefore 'and upwards; whereupon several Rates and levies

praying, That the House will be pleased to give Leave were agreed unto by the said Parishioners, in their Parish

to bring in a Bill for that Purpose. Meetings, in the Years 1737 and 1738, for Payment of

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill ac- the said Arrears; which Levies the Churchwardens of

cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the said Parish endeavoured to collect; which the prin-

Mr. Bramston and Sir Robert Abdy do prepare, and bring cipal Part of the said Parishioners either did or were

in, the fame. ready to pay; but others absolutely refefed; so that a

sufficient Collection could not be made to discharge the Jfedal’s, &c. An ingrossed Bill for Naturalizing James Nadal and said Annuity and Interest, in Arrear, as aforesaid: And

Nat. William Rent Morin, was read the Third time. that the said Mrs. Bagley hath lately agreed with thp

Resolved, That the Bill d6 pass: And thpt the Title said Parishioners to accept an Annuity, after the Rate of be, An Act for naturalizing James Nadal and William Eight Pounds per Cent, for her Four hundred Pounds,

Rent Morin, as well for the Arrears now due, as for the future Pay-

Ordered, That Mr. Laroche do carry the Bill to the ments during her Life; which the Petitioners are willing

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. should be confirmed; but being advised, that the Inha*

bitants who already have, or for the future should refuse Lawarefpe£t- Mr. Thomas Gore presented to the House, according to pay their Rates and Levies for the Discharge of the

inf tanned to Order, a Bill to obviate certain Doubts, which have laid Annuity, and the said Debt and Interest, as afore*

Mather, arisen upon the Construction of the Act, of the First Year said, are not by Law now compellable to pay the fame;

of the Reign of King William and Queen M aryr, intituled, and the Petitioners being desirous that the said Annuity An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First and Debts should be raised and paid, by proportionable

Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning Assessments, upon the Owners and Occupiers of Houses

tanned Leather: And the same was received; and read and Lands within the said Parish; praying the House

the First Time. to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. the Petitioners such Aid and Relief therein, by enabling

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time them to raise Money, by Rates and Collections, upon

upon this Day Fortnight. the Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Lands within

the said Parish, to pay and discharge the said Debts and ft. Nicholas A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, principal Annuity, with the Arrears thereof: or by such other Church at and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Nicholas, in Ways and Means, as the House shall judge most con*

Worceficr. the City of Worcester, was presented to the House, and venient and meet.

read; Setting forth, That the Parish Church of the said Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to thf Parish being very antient, and greatly decayed, and, by Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex* Order of the Parishioners, being viewed and examined by amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it able Workmen, and by them adjudged and reported to shall appear to them, to the House, be altogether irreparable, was pulled down, and a new And it is referred to M r. Sandys, Mr. Lockwood, Mr.

Church hathfince been built, which hath cost the Sum of , Mr. Fane, Mr. Treby, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr,

Three thousand Three hundred and Forty-five Pounds, Hume , Mr, Hales, Mr, Plumptre, Lord

and upwards: And that, by virtue of a Brief, obtained io Mr. Aijlabie, Sir John Sir Mr

Vol. 23. Delmi,

St, NicholM Church el

Worcefcr*

Supply Bill Duties on M?k, kc.

Lawsrespect* ing tanned Leather.

Westminster

Bridge.

0,^6

ltf Febtuatii.

A. 1738.

Dehnd, Sir Hen. floghtcm, Sir Robert Long, Nlr.Longue-villeLord Robert Montagu, Mr. ‘ Mr. Papflton,

Mr. Harris, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Mr. Earle, Mr. Balle, Colonel Dalrymple, Sir Mr.

Lindefay, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Archer, Mr. Coster, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Sb>/>er, Lord Limerick, Lord Polwartli, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Shuttleioorth, Mr. Mr. Lech-

were, Mr. Ctefar, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Francis Mr.

Revan, Mr. Tower, Sir Roger Bradjhaigh, Mr. Watkin Wms. Wynne, Sir Hen. Gough, Sir Wm. Careio, Mr. Bramjion, Mr. Hen. Archer, Mr. Wimtington, I^ordAW-ney BeaucLerk ;and alt the Members who serve for the

Counties of Worcester, Warwick, Hereford, and And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clook, in the Speaker’s Chamber: Apd have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

i ! A Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Englandi and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in' that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-nine; was read aSecoud time.

Refqlved, That the Bill be committed. -’

Resolved, That the . Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow. Adorning, resolve itself into a Committee of the ' whole fioule, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Company of Cordwainers in the an-tient Town and Borough of Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh, in behalf of themselves, and their Brethren, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are apprehensive that the Curriers bring in a Bill, this Session of Parliament, which was once read in the lad; which Bill, as brought in, impowers the Curriers, and all other Dealers in Leather, freely'to buy all Sorts of tanned Leather, whether curried or uncurried, and to cut and sell the same, in any small Pieces, to the various Artificers who work up the fame, and convert it into made Wares, or to’any other Person or Persons whatsoever; which Bill, the Petitioners are convinced, is calculated for the Curriers End only, and tends to the utter Ruin and Destruction of the Trade of the Petitioners in the Country, as well as in and

to encourage a Monopoly in the Curriers: And therefore praying. That the House will be pleased to take the Pre-mi fes into Consideration; and that the said Bill, so de-llru&ive to the Trade of the Petitioners, be laid slide, or otherwise, as the House shall judge bell for the Preler-vation of their Trade in general.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

.. - . i

The House being informed, that Sir Aylojfe,

Clerk to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westttiinster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surfy, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several A&sof Parliament,

Proceedings of Westminster Bridge Commissioners, from March ill 1737-8, to February 7th 1738-9: And also,

Contracts, lAc. by Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, or their Nominees, ffoi'n 9th June 1738, to 15th February following: And aHo,

Accounts of the Treasurer to Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from June 10th 1738, to 14th November following.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papeis do lie upon the Table, to be pernfed by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Plffy-the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Was ' *

referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had drtefted him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Comuiittee,

That the Number of effective Men, to be provided for Guards and Garrisons in Great Britain, and foi* GuFttifey

and Jetfey, for the Year T739, be, including One thousand Right hundred and fifteen Invalids, and Five hundred Fifty-five Men which the Six Independent Companies coiilift of, for the Service of the , Seven-

teen thousand Seven hilpdred and Four Men, Commission and T^Qn-GommilTvoh'Officers included.

Resolved, That il is the Opinion of this Committee,

That aSuip,ho£ exce#ding$ix hundredj Forty-seven thdu-, land Five hundred Forty-nine Pounds Eleven Shillings and Three Pence. Half-penny, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the said Seventeen thousand Seven hundred and Lour Men, for Guards and Garrisons, and other his Majesty’sLand Forces, in Great Britain, Guem/ey, and Jersey, for the Year 1739.

Resolved, That it is 1116,0010500 of this Committee,

That a Slim, not exceeding Two htlrtdred Twenty-eight thousand and Sixty-two Pounds Ten.Shillings and Seven Pence Half-penny, be granted to hife Majesty, for rtidm-taininghis Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Canso, and Georgia, for the Year 1739.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-seven thousand One hundred Seventy-two Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for Out Pensioners for Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1739.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Five thousand Forty-one Pounds Eight Shillings and Three Pence Half-penny,be granted to his Majesty, for defraying several extraordinary Expences and Services, incurred Anno 1738, and tnot provided for by Parliament.

The First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Number of effective Men. .1 to be provided for Guards and Garrisons in Great Bri- -

tain, and for Guernfeyand Jersey, for the Year 1739, be, including One thousand-Eight hundred and Fifteen Invalids, and Five hundred Fifty-five, Men-which the Six Independent Companies consist of , for the Service the Highlands, Seventeen thousand Seven hundred and F^ur Men, Copupiffion and Non-commission Officer included.

The House divided.

I The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Noes,|^' Bnimjim

So jt, was resolved in the Affirmative..,'

The, j-eft of the said Resolutions, being fever'lily read a Second time, were, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Putttfhijg puni111 ing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Mutiny *nd

Payment tf the Army, anil their Omitters: And that . Mr. Secretary at War, Sir Hen*yHoghton, and Mr. Monjbn do prepare, and bring in, tilt fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

jI29* ] 73-

12 Geo. II.

16° — 190 Februarii.

237

Veneris, 16° die Februarii;

Anno ti* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1738.

Prayers.

Woollen A PETITION of the Bailiff, Burgesses, Manufac-Manofacture. J\. turers. Wool growers, Gentlemen, and others, inhabitant in the Town and Borough of in the County of Wilts; and also,

A Petition of the Clothiers, Weavers, and other Persons, concerned in the Woollen Manufactures, within the Borough of Christ C, in the County of South-

ampton; and also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Justices, and Grand Jury, st the general Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, the 12th Day of January 1738; and also of the Aldermen, Common-council, Mailers, Workmen, and other Persons concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, in the said Borough, and Parts adjacent, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons concerned in the said Manufacture throughout Great Britain;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Westminster The House being informed, that Mr. , from

Abbey, the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account, shewing how the Money granted last Session of Parliament, towards the Repair of the Collegiate Church of St. , Westminster, has been disposed of.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Hogues, Mr. Hay presented to the House, according to Order,

Vagabonds, a Bill for the more effectual punching and suppressing *c* of Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons; and for the better Relief of Lunaticks and Foundling Children: And the same was received; and read the First time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

St. Catherine A Petition of Alexander Chalmers Clerk, Rector of the

Coleman Parish of St. Catherine Coleman, London, James Kendall Church, and Charles MaddifonGentlemen, Churchwardens, and also of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Church of the said Parish is a very antient Fabrick, apd being built at first with Chalk and Rubble, is now so decayed in the Walls, Roof, Tower, and most other Parts of it, as that the Whole is in a very ruinous and dangerous State; and that it is the Opinion of very able and experienced Workmen, that it is absolutely necessary to pull down and rebuild the same: And therefore praying. That the House will be pleased to give Leave for bringing in a Bill to enable the Parishioners of the said Parish to take down and rebuild the said Church and Steeple, in such manner as the House may think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir John Barnard, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Holden, Mr. Hay, Mr. Alderman Willimolt, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Bance, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Popham, Mr. Wilkinson, Voi* 23.

Lord Limerick, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr Chelivynd, Dr. Nezvland, Mr. Bold, Lord Gage, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Plainer, Mr. Richard

Mr. Harley, Mr . Leathes, Mr. Fere, MWaller, Mr.

Earle, Dr. Butler, Mr. Hedworth, Sir Nath.

Lord Baltimore, Mr. Brer cion, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Cornwallis, Colonel Onjloxc, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Kent, Mr.

Medlycolt, Sir Hum.Howarth, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Ccejar, Sir John RujhMr. Bromley, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Compton, Sir Thomas Mr. Thompson of York, Lord Polwarlh, Sir JoJ. Pennington, Mr. Cosier, Mx.Parsons, Mr. Hacks, Sir Wm.Clay-

ton, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Shutfleworth, Mr. lietid, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Fox, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Shippen, Mr . Bowes, Mr. Tower, Colonel

Duckett, Mr. Tirfiifis, Mr. Papillon-, and all the Members who serve for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in ,the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Powrer to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Boxces have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for a Month, upon very extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Du tie* on upon the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt,

Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year 1739»

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to direct, That the Deficiency which shall be on the 25th Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-nine, of the Income of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-seven, to satisfy Principal and Interest chargeable thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1739.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Committeeof Elections be adjourned. Privilege*.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lurue, 19* die Februarii;

Anno 12* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1738.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that some of the Land Tax Commissioners for Taxes'attended at the Door; Arrears. They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were Handing out at Chrijhnas last; with the Names of the respective Receivers, in whose Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year, and what Proceed-

3 P ings

f*

J

238 i p° Februarii. 1738.

ings had been had to compel the Payment thereof: And also,

An Account of what Arrears of Duties upon Houses were (landing out at Clalt; with the Names of . the respective Receivers, in whose Hands the said Arrears remained; distingnishing each Year, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof’.

And then fhev withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered,'lHiat the said Accountsdo lie upon the Table, to he pern fed by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

C.rfgory'* Sir Charles Mordaunt presented to the House, ac» Nam*. cording to Order, a Bill to enable Charles Gregory Esquire, now called Charles Gregory Wade, and his I flue Male, to take and use the Surname of Wade: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Rcfclved, That the Bill be read a Second time

Woollm A Petition of the Master Clothiers, in behalf of them-Manofaftwr. fdv.es, and many Thousand others employed by them, in the Woollen Manufacture, in and about the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts-, and also,

A Petition of the Masters, Workmen, and other Persons, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, in the Towns of Botkin, Braintree, Cogge/hal, Whitham, and Dunmotv, in the County of Essex, and Parts adjacent, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons, concerned in the said Manufacture, throughout Great Britain;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

River Lea A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Navigation Inhabitants, of the Town of Hertford, and of the Inhabitants of the Town of Ware, in the County of Hertford, and of several Farmers, Maltsters, and Barge-owners, living in or near the said Towns, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and several Hundreds of other Persons, residing near to, and concerned in the Navigation on, the River Lea, running from Hertford to Ware, and from thence to the River of Thames, near the City of London; and of the Governor and Company of th e New Ribrought from Chadxoell

and Amwell to London-, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Navigation of the River Lea is an antient Navigation, and hath been very useful to the Publick, by conveying great Quantities of Grain, and other Goods, to and from the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof: And that the Petitioners the Governor and Company of the New River have usually had and taken, and Hill take, great Quantities of Water out of that Part of the River Lea, which runs from Hertford to Ware, for supplying the said Cities, Suburbs, and Liberties thereof with Water,touching which many Disputes and Controversies have arisen between the Petitioners the Governor and Company, and the Navigators, and other Persons concerned in the Navigation of the said River Lea, which have lately been accommodated, settled, and agreed; and that, although the settling of such Disputes and Differences will be of great Advantage to the Publick, by ascertaining and improving that Part of the Navigation on the River Lea running from Hertford to Ware, and will very much preserve and improve the Navigation of that Part which runs from Ware to the River of Thames, and enable the Petitioners the Governor and Company to supply the said Cities, Suburbs, and Liberties, with good and wholesome Water, and tend very much to the Increase of Trade; yet such Agreement cannot be established, and made effectual, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying the House will be pleased to give Leave to bring in a J7

Bill for ascertaining, preserving, and improving, the Navigation of the said River Lea; and to enable the said Governor and Company the better to supply the Cities of London and WeJljninster, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, with good Water.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Clarke, Mr.

Mr. Hanbury Williams, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Plumptre,

Mr. Scawen, Mr. Gregory, Sir Jermyn Davers, Lord Robert Montagu, Mr. Yorke, Sir James Grant, Mr.

Majters, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Smelt, Mr.

Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Rrajfey,

Lord Wallingford, Sir John Healhcote Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Winnington, Sir JohnRamfden, Mr. Vere, Mr. Oawt,

Mr. Cojter, Mr. Walker, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Edward Gyb-

bon, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Earle, Mr. Tower, Sir John Cro/fe, Mr. Bockland, Mr. Richard Plumer, Mr.

Roll, Lord Sundon, Sir Geo. CafwaSir Roger Jhaigh, Mr. Alderman Willimott, Brigadier Middleton,

Mr. Nedham, Sir Robert Aujlen, Sir John Shelley, Mrj White, Mr Campbell, Mr Berkeley, Si Mr.

Houblon, Mr. Win. Plumer, Mr. Horsemonden Turner, Sir FrancisChild, Sir JohnHyndc Cotton, Mr.

Thomas Gore, Sir Hum.Monoux, Sir

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Essex, and Middlesex, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Comptroller, by his Majesty’s Command, pre- Commercial fented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Dispute* Majesty; with Spain.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to Mon' de la Quadra, Madrid, Jan. 6, i 739, N. S. and Translation:

Copy of a Letter from Mon' de la Quadra to Mr.

Keene, Pardo, Jan. 10, 1739, N. S. and Translation:

Copy of Mon' de la Quadra's Declaration, Pardo, Jan.

10, 1739, N. S. and Translation:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to Monr de la Quadra, Madrid, Jan. 11, 1739, N. S. and Translation:

Copy of a Paper signed by Mr. Stert, One of the Commissaries appointed in pursuance of the Treaty of Seville, and laid before a Committee of Council June

14*1738:

Copy of a Paper, signed by Mr. Stert, One of the Commissaries appointed in pursuance of the Treaty of Seville, and laid before a Committee of Council June 14,1738:

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table; to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing the Duties Duties on upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry.in that Part of Great Ma,t» &c* Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year 1739; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they bad directed him to report to the House; And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir

Commercial

X>ifpute*

with Spain.

11 Geo. II. 190Februarii. $39

Sir Thomas Lyttleton, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Copies or Extracts of any Letters from any Commander in Chief, or Captains, of his Majesty’s Ships of War, to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of , &c.

relating to any Losses sustained by his Majesty’s Subjects, since the Treaty of Seville, by Depredations committed by the Spaniards in Europe or America, which have not already been laid before the House; together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read; and is as followeth;

viz.

N° 1. Extra# of a Letter from Captain Dent, Commander of his Majesty’s Ships and Vessels at Jamaica, dated the 26th of July 1737, to Mr. in-

closing,

2. The Depositions of John Curtis, late Commander of the Ship St. James, belonging to Bristol, &c. taken by the Spaniards.

3. Extract of a Letter from Captain Bridge, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the Dunkirk, and senior Captain of his Majesty’s Ships and Vessels at Jamaica, dated the 15th of August 1737, to Mr. Burchett.

4. Copy of a Letter from Captain Fox, senior Captain of his Majesty’s Ships at Jamaica, dated the 8 th of December 1737, to Mr. Burchettinclosing,

5. Copy of Captain Way's Letter, from the Ha-

vannah,of the 26th of August and 5th of September 1737, to Edward Esquire.

6. Copy of a Letter from Henry Weare, Matter of the George, to Messieurs Peter and Organ nell, dated at the Havanna/i, 5th September 1737.

7. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Antony Welldon to Digby Dent Esquire, Commander in Chief of his Majesty’s Ships at Jamaica, dated the 7th September 1737.

B. Copy of a Letter from Messieurs FumeUs, Merchants at Jamaica, toCaptain Fox, senior Captain ©fhis Majesty’s Ships at Jamaica, detect the 12th of November 1737.

9. Copy of the President of Jamaica's Letter to Captain Fox, senior Captain of his Majesty’s Ships at Jamaica, dated the 30th of November >737-

10. Copy of the Merchants of Kingston's Letter to Captain Fox, senior Captain of the Ships at maica, dated ill of December 17,37.

M. Extra# of a Letter from Captain Fox, senior Captain of his Majesty’s Ships at Jamaica, to Mr. Burchett, dated at Port Royal, 10th March 1737; inclosing,

12. Translation of the Governor of s

Letter to Captain Fox, senior Captain at Jamaica, dated 12th January 1738.

13. Copy of a Letter from Captain Reddish, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the Anglesea, dated at St.

Christopher's, toth May 1738, to Mr. Burchett-, inclosing,

14. Copy of the Protest made by Ignatius Semms, Master, and others, belonging to the Success of London, dated the 23d of March 1737 j as also their Affidavits.

15. Extra# of a Letter from Ef-

quire, Commander in Chief of his Majesty’s Ships at Jamaica, dated at Port Royal, 15th 1738, to

Mr. Burchettinclosing,

x6. Copy of the Declaration of the Master of a French Sloop.

17. Extra# of a Letter from Charles Brown Esquire, Commander in Chief of his Majesty’s Ships at Jamaica, dated the 12th of November 1738, to Mr. Burchett; inclosing,

18. Copy of a Letter from Charles Brawn Esquire, to the Governor of the Havannah, dated 27 th October 1738.

19. Copy of a Letter from Charles Brown Esquire, Vot. 23.

to the Governor of the Havannah, dated 27th 0&oberij3$.

20. Copy of a Letter from Charles Brown Esquire, to the SpanijhAdmiral at the Havannah.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the XaWe» to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of many Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Persons, travelling from the North-weft Parts of the County of Lincoln to the Wolds, or North-east Part thereof, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the great and most frequented Road from the North-weft Parts of the said County, into the Wolds, or North-east Parts thereof, lies through Nettlam Field, Wragby Lane, and Baumber Fields j and, the fame being a Clay Country, and scarce of Gravel, is now become so ruinous and founderous, that the Communication betwixt the said Wolds, and other Parts of the County of Lincoln, is near totally loft; to the great Prejudice of the Inhabitants, and Detriment of Trade and that the same cannot possibly be amended, without the Affifiance of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Road.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vyner, Lord dish, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Sir John , Mr.

Turner, Mr. Smith, Sir John Peachy, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Chetwynd, Lord Polwarth, Mr. Gore, Mr. Earle, Mr. Masters, Mr. Compton, General Churchill, Mr. Lau'ton, Mr. J^eheup, Mr. Piers, Sir Mr. Olmius, Mr. Yorke, Sir James Sir Nathanael

Curzon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Harley, Mr. wall, Mr. Cartivright, Sir Hen. Hoghton, Mr. Scawen,

Dr. Lee, Sir Wm. Heathcole, Mr. Boone, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lijle, Mr. Cajar, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Vere, Colonel Onjixxw, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Mr.

Montagu, Sir Miles Stapijlton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of LincolnNottingham, York, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen of the County of Lincoln, as also of many Persons uftially travelling the Northern Road, lying between the Towns of Grantham and Stamford, through the Counties of Lincoln and Rutland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Road, by reason of the many heavy Carriages frequently passin" through the fame, is become very deep, and in many Parts thereof, in the Winter Season,dangerous toPassengers; and that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, through which the said Road leads, cannot, by the Laws nowin beingfor repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, effectually amend the said Road: And therefore praying. That Leave may begiven to bring in a Bill for repairing the Roadaforesaid, in such manner, and by such means, as to this House shall feein meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that tl>ey do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Lord Mr. Hooper,

Lord Gage, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Polkill, Mr. Vyner, Sir James Grant, Sir Thomas Saunderfon, Mr. Knight, Lord Polwarth, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Harley, Mr. Yorke, I.ord Sidney Beauclerk, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. L Sir Charles Mordaunt-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Rutland, York,

Durham, and Northumberland, and for Britain:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The

Lincoln

Roads.

Grantham

Roads.

24° 19° — 20° Februarii. 1738.

and Means. Order of the Day being read, for the House

cans* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider furtheV of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Accounts, thewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty eight., hath been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads, until the Thirteenth Day of February One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-eight; and the Parts thereof remaining unfatis-fied; with the Overplus thereon; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Mr. Francis Fdne also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Sp"lmJ‘tee Ordered, That the Committee of Pxivileges and rPirnkga. E|eajons be adjoumed

may have such Relief therein as to 'the House shall seem moll meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to obviate certain Doubts, which have arisen, upon the Construction of the Act,- of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Man/, v intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the lleign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather, be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Cordwainers, and other Manufactu- i.aWs rers of Leather, in the Town of Shrew/ in the County reflecting of Salop, whose Names are fubllribed, in behalf of LeaiUer themselves, and many others of their Brethren, inhabit- u*' ing the said Town, and other Market Towns, Villages,

Sic. in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth to the House, That, lliould the Curriers obtain an Explanation of the Statutes, and Extension of the Laws, to impower them to cut and fell tanned Hides and Skins, in such Pieces and Parcels as they shall think fit, contrary to the Laws now in being, it would be to the utter Kuin of many Thousands of Families throughout the Kingdom, who are supported by the Cordwainers Trade: And therefore praying.

That the House will be pleased to take the Premises into mature Consideration, and suffer no Explanation of the Statutes, or Extension of the Laws, to be made, whereby the Curriers may have given to them any farther Power or Privilege to cut and fell tanned Hides and Skins, in such Pieces and Parcels as they shall think proper, other than what by the Laws in being the y have at present granted to them.

Ordered, That the said Petition dolieupontheTable, until the Bill to obviate certain Doubts, which have arisen upon the Construction of the Act, of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather, be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.-

Mart is, 20° Februarii;

Anno 12* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1738.

Pr a y e r s.

Woollen A PETITION of the Clothiers, Dyers, and others,. Manufacture. concerned in the Manufacture of Mixed or Med-ly Broad Cloth, in the Town of , in the County of Wills-, and also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Stockeners, Woolcombers, Sic.in the Town of Nottingham;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Laws A Petition of several Shoemakers, Sadlers, Girdlers,

tanned'Bridle-cutters, Bellows-makers, Leather Clog-makers, Leather. Patten-makers, and Cobiers, in and about the Town of Northampton, whose Names are thereuuto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and many others, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That the Petitioners find great Convenience in being supplied by the Curriers, and other Dealers in Leather, with such Parts of Hides and Skins as are moll fit for the particular Trades respectively carried on by the Petitioners; and that, in case the Curriers, and other Dealers in Leather, should be rellrained from cutting and felling Hides and Skins in such Pieces and Parcels, it will tend to the manifell Injury and Oppression of the Petitioners, and many others of his Majesty’s Subjects: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the Petitioners

Mr. Rramfton presented to the House, according to r-o ich’* Order, a Bill to enable John Crouch Esquire, eldest Sou Name, of Pyke Crouch Esquire, deceased, and the Heirs Male of

his Body, to take and use the Surname of Pyke, pursuant to the Will of John Pyke deceased: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Dili for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Supply Bill; Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain Duties on called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Malt»fcc-Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotlatid; for the Service of the Year 1739; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum,

Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year 1739.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Directors of the South Sea Company Sooth Sea do laytbefore this House, Copies of the Letters written to Company’s them by Don Thomas Geraldino,his Catholick Majesty’s Trade.

Minister here, since the signing the Convention lately entered into between his Majesty and the King of; with Copies of their Answers thereto; and likewise a Copy of their Letter to One of his Majesty’s Secretaries of State, upon their receiving a Declaration, signed on the Part of the King of Spain, previous to the signing the said Convention, relating to their Trade; and also an Account of their Proceedings for settling their Difference with the Court of Spain since the 2 ill December 1737; and Copies of the Letters feat to, and received from, Mr. Keene, relating thereto.

l'efolved.

Convention with Spain.

Leave far

a Member to attend Lords*

Ways and Means.

Call of House*

12 Geo. II. 20® — 2i° Februariu

24 L

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, refolveitfelf into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the Pardo, January 14, 1739, N. S. 5 and the separate Articles belonging the reunto; With the several Ratifications tihereof.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr. Thursion:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire. That this House will give Leave to Arthur Stert Esquire, a Member of this House, to attend the House of Lords, on Tuesday the 27th Day of this instant February, when their Lordships have appointed the Convention, concluded between Great taiu and Spain, and the separaie Articles belonging thereto, to be taken into Consideration.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Stert, being present, flood up in his Place, and declared, That he was willing, with the Leave of the House, to go to the House of Ix>rds, as is delired by their Lordships in the said Message.

Resolved, That Arthur Stert Esquire, a Member of this Heuse, have Leave to go to the Lords, as is desired by their Lordfiiips, in their said Message, if he thiuks fit.

And the Messengers were called in again:

And Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One hundred and Nineteen thousand Four hundred Fifty-one Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Nine Pence, now remaining in the Exchequer, being the Overplus of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1738, be issued and applied towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Order of the Day, for the CaH of the House, being read;

The House was called over; and the Names of such Members as made Default to appear were taken down.

And the Lift of the Defaulters being called over, several of them appeared.

And the rest of the Defaulters, except Sir William Courtenay Baronet, and John Neale Esquire, were excused; some upon Account of Illness, or extraordinary Avocations, and feme being upon the Road, or in Town.

The Name of Henry Rolle Esquire being called over; and an Excuse being offered;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That he be excused;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the " War, J l#fc

TeUeraferthcNoes.}^""*00'" } 9»-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Name of Sir William Courtenay Baronet, being called over; and he not being excused;

Ordered, That Sir William Courtenay Baronet, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for neglecting to attend his Service in Parliament.

And the Name of John Neale Esquire being called ver; and he not being excused;

Voi.. 23.

Ordered, That John Neale Esquire be taken- intoithe Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for neglecting to attend his Service in Parliament.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Monday Sevennight, the 5th Day of March next.

Ordered, That such Members, as shall not then attend, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this'House.

Ordered, That no Member do p re fume to go out of Town, without Leave of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 210 die Februarii; '

Anno 12° Georgii IIdI Regis, 1738.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Recorder, and AL Woeiltn:-dermen, of the Town of Colchefer, in the County Mmofnaure. of Essex, and of the Bay-makers, and others concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, on the behalf of themselvesand others concerned in such Manufacture there; and also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and others concerned in the Woollen Trade, in the City of Jjondon, and Parts adjacent;

Were severally prefen ted to the House, and read; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture: And praying Relief.

And the f i l Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Trustees, whoseNames are thereunto Fyfield, &c. subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parlia- Ro«l»* ment, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Fyfield, in the County of Berks, to Saint John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester; and also of several Gentlemen, Freeholders,

Farmers, and other Persons, living in, near, and usually travelling through, a Road leading from an House, called the Swan Alehouse, in the County of Berks, aforesaid, near New Bridge, in the same County, to an Inn, called the Hind's Head, in the Parish of Kingston Bag-puze, in the County of Berks-, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, at the time of passing the said Act, the Road thereby directed to be repaired, being Fourteen Miles in Length, was in such a ruinous Condition, that the Petitioners the Trustees were obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of, the said Act, in order to make the same passable; which Money so borrowed, together with the Tolls collected by virtue of the said Act, have been duly applied in amending the said Road; and that, by realon of the excessive* Weights constantly drawn through the said Road, and the Smallness of the Tolls by the said Act laid, for repairing the fame, and several other Defects in the said Act, no great Progress hath been made by the Petitioners the Trustees in repairing the said Road; and that the Road leading from the said Alehouse, called the Swan Alehouse, to the said Inn, called the Hind's (Two Miles or thereabouts, and joining to the Road directed to be repaired by the said Act) is, by reason of many heavy Carriages passing through the fame, become so bad, that it cannot, by the ordinary Conrfe appointed by the Laws now in being for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, be effectually amended, unless some other Provision be made for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers by the said former Act granted; and that the same Act may be so explained and amended, that the Repairs of the said Road thereby directed to be amended may be completed, and the last mentioned Road effectually repaired, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the find Petition be referred tathe Con-3 Q sideration

2±2 219 Februarit.A. 1738.

sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Packer, Sir Robert Abdy, Sir Geo. Champion, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gibbon, Lord

Baltimore, Mr. Longueville Mr. Mr. Houblon,

Mr. PapHlon, Sir Roger , Mr. Scawen, Mr.

Wyndham, Mr. Ord, Mr. Turner, Mr. Wort-

ley, Mr. Montagu, M r. Gybbon, Mr. WMr. Leheup, Mr. Thomas Herbert, Sir John Morgan, Sir Thomas Read, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Mr. Talbot, Mr.

Harley, Mr. Bramfion, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Trefufis, Sir Wm. Carew, Mr.

Mr. Herbert, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Dawkins; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Berks, ccfler, Oxford, and W: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

K«nt Assizes. A Petition of the Justices of the Peace and Grand J ury

for the County of Kent, assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held by Adjournment at Maidstone, in and for the said County of Kent, on Thursday, in the Week next after the Feast of St. Thomas the Martyr; to wit, the 13th Day of July, in the 12th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty 1738, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Town in

the County of Kent, has been the most usual Place where the Assizes and General Gaol Delivery for the said County have been held, and is likewise the Town near which the Sheriff of the said County holds the County Courts, and in which Town also is situate the County Gaol; and that it is the most convenient Place for holding the Assizes, in respect to all Business transacted at that time, being the neareflTown to the Middle of the County; and that the Expence of removing the Prisoners from Maidstone to any other Place of Trial is very burdensome and chargeable to the County, and likewise dangerous, for fear of Escapes: And there fore praying the House to take this Matter into their Consideration, and do therein as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, pursuant to their Addrei's, of the 6th Day of this in ft ant February,

Commercial Copy of a Petition, to his Majesty, of the Owner, Disputes Freighters, and many other Persons interested in the Ship

with Spain. Success, Ignatius Semmes Commander, bound from the Port of London to the Province of Maryland, in in behalf of themselves and all others concerned; with several Papers annexed; delivered July 18th 1 738:

Copy of a Petition, to the Duke of Newcastle, of War-ham Taylor, Mailer of the Ship Neptune-, with several Papers annexed; taken at on the Coast of

Barbary, in March I73f» delivered in October 1738: Copy of a Memorial, to the Duke of of the

Owners, Freighters, and others concerned and interested in the Ship Woolball, M Commander; with

Copies of several former Memorials and other Papers annexed; delivered Augujl29, 1738:

Copy of a Paper, delivered September 20, 1738, by Mr. Wood, Agent for the Owners of the Ship Wool-ball:

Extract of a Letter from Conful Cayley to the Duke of Newcastle, Cadiz, December fa. 1738; inclosing,

Copy of the Deposition of Jason Vaughan, Mailer of the Ship Sarah, taken by a Snow, and car-

ried into the Havana, dated December -fa, 1738: Copy of a Letter from Messieurs and Company

to the Duke of Newcastle, Bristol, January 3d, 173-$.* inclosing.

Copy of a Letter from Captain Vaughan to Messieurs Packer and Company, Cadiz, December 4th, O. S. 1738:

Extract of a Letter from Consul Cayley to the Duke of Newcafllfy Cadiz, December 44, 1738; inclosing,v

Lift of the British Sailors brought from the Havana to Cadiz the Vr and of December 1738; and how they are disposed of:

Extract of a. Letter from Mr. Anthony Weltden to the Court of Directors of the South Sea Company, Havana,

August 6th, 1738:

Ext raft of a Letter from Mr. Anthony Weltden to the1 Court of Directors of the South Sea Company, Havana,

OBober 15, 1738:

Extract of a Letter from Governor Trelawny to the Duke of Newcastle, Jamaica, Nov. 6. 1738; inclosing.

Copy of a Letter from Governor Trelawny to the Governor of the Havana, Jamaica, 27,1738:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Madrid, 1734; inejofing.

Copy of a Letter from the Marquis de Torrenueva to

Mr. Keene, Buen Retiro, Jan44. 1734-, and Tran-

station:

Together with a List of the said Papers.

Mr. Comptroller also presented to the House, pursuant to their Address of the 13th Day of this instant February,

Copy of a Letter from Don Tlwmas Geraldino to the Duke of NerveajUe, 1736, and Translation:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Don Thomas Geraldino, Nov. 25, 1736, and Translation:

Copy of a Letter from Don Thomas Geraldino to the Duke of Newcastle, 1737, and Translation:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Don Thomas Geraldino, Sept. 2, 1737, and Translation:

Copy of a Letter from Don Thomas Geraldino to the Duke of Newcastle,^-p 1738, and Translation:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Don Thomas Geraldino, April 11, 1738, and Translation:

Copy of Don Thomas Geraldino's Memorial to the King, — *9- 1738, and Translation:

June 9. 1J

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Don Thomas Geraldino, June 21, 1738, and Translation:

Together with a List of the said Papers.

'And the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of several Gentlemen and others, whose Bakewell, Names are thereunto subscribed, living in or near, and &c. Roads, travelling through, the Roads leading from the Town of Bakewell, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Chesterfield, in the same County, to the Town of fopp, in the County of Nottingham, and from the Head or North end of a certain Street, called Glewmangate, in the Town of Chesterfield aforesaid, to the Town in the said County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Roads, by reasonofmanyheavyCarriagesfrequentlypaffingthrough the fame, are very deep, and in many Parts thereof, in the Winter Season, dangerous to Passengers; and that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes through which the said Roads lead cannot, by the common Method appointed by the Laws now in being for repairing of the Highways of this Kingdom, effectually amend the said Roads: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Roads aforesaid, in such manner, and by such means, as to the Ho life shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Charles Lord

James Cavendish, Sir Nathanael CuMr. John Stanhope, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Compton, Mr. Warren, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Plamer. Sir Geo.

Downing, Mr Treby, Mr. Walker, Mr, Eyles, Sir Jof.

Pennington,

1

12 Geo. II. 2i* Februariu243

Pennington, Mr. Jewkes, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Longueville, Mr. L Mr. Mr. ton, Mr. Lawton, Sir John Peachey, Mr. Mr.

Holden, Lord Robert Montagu, Mr. Frankland, \Ir. Med-

lycott, Mr. Sandys, Mr. HMr. Tracy, Sir Robert Clifton, Colonel. Bladen, Mr. Charles Sir John

Heathcote, Mr. Croivle, Sir James Grant, Mr. Gregory,

Mr. Comewall, Mr. L Sir Geo. Champion, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Wortley, Dr. Butler; and all the Members whoserve for the Counties of Derby, Nottingham, York, Lancaster, and Chester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ealing A Petition of the VicarjChurchwardens, Land-owners, Church, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Land-ownersand Inhabitants of the said Parish, waspresented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in the Year 1722, the Church of the said Parish becoming ruinous and irreparable, the Parishioners, who are very numerous, were obliged to assemble for divine Service in a small flight TimberTabernacle, built by the voluntary Contributions of some of the Petitioners; which is also now become ruinous, and not capable of containing all the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and that, soon after the said Tabernacle was erected, the Steeple and Roof of the said Church fell down; and, in order to rebuild the said Church and Steeple, and to make the said Church commodious, the Petitioners obtained a Brief, whereby, and by Sub-feriptions, the Sum of One thousand Five hundred Pounds, or thereabouts, was raised; and the same hath been duly laid out, in erecting a Shell of the said Church, and rebuilding the said Steeple; but that the Petitioners are unable to discharge a Debt remaining due to Workmen employed in rebuilding the fame, and to erect convenient Pews, and finish the InOde of the said Church with necessary and decent Ornaments, without the Aid and Assistance of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for raising a sufficient Sum of Money, for the Purposes aforesaid, by such means, and in such manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Francis Child, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Wm. Clayton, Sir Abr. Elton, Lord Tyrcon-nel, Mr. Hooper, Lord Gage, Mr. Mr. Pol-

hill, Mr. Vyner, Sir James Grant, Sir Thomas -

Jon, Mr. Knight, Lord Polwarth, Mr. Comewall, Mr. Harley, Mr. Alderman Willimott, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Edward Kinaston, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Plumer, Mr.

Longueville, Mr. Mojiyn, Lord Fere Beauclerk, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Sir Miles Sir Robert Long,

Mr. Hylton, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Mr. Hume

Campbell, Sir Wm. Middleton, Mr. Blackett, Dr. Butler, Mr. Baptist Leveson GowerMr. Sir

Cotton, Sir Thomas Lowtlier, Mr. Fenwick, Lord -bury, Mr. Proby, Sir Geo. Champion, Mr. Horsemonden Turner, Mr. Hacks; and all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex and City of London; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Frauds in A Petition of the Tallow-chandlers and Soap-boilers Soap Duties, of the Towns of Barnejtaple, Bideford, Great Torring-ton, and South Molton, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That a great Number of Ships and Vessels continually trade and fail from the Ports of Bamestaple and Bideford to the Dominion of Wales, and there take in Coals, and from thence to the Kingdom of Ireland, where they discharge the fame, and take on board vast Quantities of Soap VOL.23.

and Candles, and bring the same from Ireland to Wales,

and there take in Coals again, and put the said Soap and-

Candles under the Coals, for the better preventing the

Discovery thereof; and often put the feme into Fifliing

Boats and Vessels, which they meet on the Sea Coasts,

and (there being no Waiters put on board such Ships

and Vessels) the Mailers thereof, contrary to the Laws

of this Kingdom, import and run such Soap and Candles

within the Ports of Barnejtaple, Bidefand,

in the fame, Coimtv, and publicklyfelftbefoifie af Borne*

Jtaple, Bideford, Great Torringlon, South Molton, Amd other the adjacent Parishes and Places; and, notwithstanding this Grievance hath been represented to his Ma- . jesty’s Commissioners of the Customs, and several great Seizures have been made, yet nevertheless the Maftenst of such Vessels do still industrioully apply themselves to the Importing and Running of vast Quantities of Soap and Caudles within the Ports aforesaid; and, by illegal Practices, enrich themselves in a few Years: That formerly great Quantities of Tallow were imported from Ireland into the Ports above mentioned, which brought in a considerable Revenue to the Crown; but, of late Years, and since Irish Soap and Candles have be n so clandestinely imported and run, very little or none is now imported: That, in regard the Masters of such Ships and Vessels fell the said Irish Soap and Candles at a much cheaper Rate than the Petitioners, or any other Persons who pay the Duty for the fame, can, and there being such vast Quantities of Irish Soap and Candles clandestinely imported and run into the Ports aforesaid (the Duty whereof, if duly paid, would, as the Petitioners conceive, amount unto a considerable Sum of Money every Year) the Petitioners Trade is thereby so much lessened, that it is impossible they can thereby support themselves and Families; but mull inevitably be reduced to Poverty, unless the House do consider of such Ways and Means as may for the future either prevent such a growing Evil, or that the present Duties on Soap and Candles may be taken off: And beseeching the House to take this into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as the House shall think molljuft.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, ac« Punishin« cording to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and De- Mutiny ami fertion and for the better Payment of the Army, and Dei'ertion. their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-nine, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-nine, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the ' House, That he was directed by the Committee to move that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered,

*44

21 — 21 ° Februarii. 1738.

Committee Ordered, That Che Committee of Privileges and Elec-

#f Privilege. adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 2°,;

Anno 12* Georgii II41 Regis, 173$.

Nat e r s.

Woollen A PETITION of the Clothiers, Drugget-makers, Mnwfaanrf. f\_ Serge-makers, Weavers, Combers, Scribblers, Fullers, Sheermen, Carders, Spinners, and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Caine, in the County of Wilts; and also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Justice. Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, as also the Woollen Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants in and about the said Town, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and many others; and also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Justices, and Grand Jury, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden for the Borough of Huntingdon,intheCountyof , the 23d Day of January 1738: and also of the Aldermen, Common Council, Masters, Workmen, and other Persons, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture in the said Borough, and Parts adjacent, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons concerned in the said Manufacture, throughout Great Britain;

Were severally prefen ted to the House, and read; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Lawsrefped- A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and ing tanned other Inhabitants, of the Borough of in the

Leather. County of Lincoln, and Parte adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are apprehensive, that, by the Laws now in being, the Cutting and Selling of Leather in small Pieces is prohibited, or that great Doubts have arisen, whether, by the Laws, any Person whatsoever can justify the cutting and felling the fame, not wrought into made Wares; in consequence of which Law, ifconfirmed, great N umbers of Shoemakers, and other Artificers, who have not Substance wherewithal to purchase Leather in the wholesale Way, or uncut, and who now maintain themselves and Families in that Trade, by working up Pieces of Leather bought for their particular Purposes, will be greatly oppressed, and rendered unable to work for themselves and Families in their Trades, any other-ways than as Journeymen to those who can afford to purchase whole Hides: And therefore expressing their Hope, That,the Cutting and Selling of Leather in small Pieces may not be prohibited, or confined to those only who work it up; but that Leave may begiven to bring in a Bill for the explaining and amending the Laws now in Force, relating to the Cutting and Selling of Leather, by such Ways and Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to obviate certain Doubts, which have arisen,upon the Construction of the Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen , intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather, be read a Second time.

Spittlegate A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are there-Hill Road*, unto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the other Trustees, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Spittlegate Hill, near in the County of Lin-

coln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham; 4*

and also of several Gentlemen, Farmers, and Waggoners, living near, and usually travelling through, the said Road; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by the Act, several Tolls were granted for the Term therein mentioned, for repairing the said Road, which, at the time of passing the said Act, was in such a ruinous Condition, that the Petitioners, the Trustees were obliged to'borrow a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the said Act, in order to put the same into such Repair, as that Travellers might pass through the same in Winter with Safety; and that the Sum of One thousand and Sixty Pounds, principal Money, is now due, which, with the Income of the said Tolls collected, hath been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Act; and that, by reason of the excessive Weights constantly drawn through the said Road, which is Twenty-three long Miles in Length, and some Defects in the said Act, the said Road cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, and- the Money due and owing be repaid, without the Aid of a further Act of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers, by the said former Act granted, for such Time, and in such Manner, as to the House shall feefti meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ' Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord William Manners, Mr. Pelham, Sir Thomas Saunderfon, Mr. Vyner, Lord nel, Mr. Proby, Mr. Noel, Sir Michael Newton, Mr.

Fane, Mr. Townshend, Sir JohnHeathcote, Sir Robert

Sutton, Mr. Campbell, General Wade, Mr. Shippen, Colonel Liddell, Mr. Papillon, Handafydf\rThomas Read, Mr. Balle, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Treby, Dr.

Lee, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Cunven, Mr. Dennis, Mr . Bathurst, Mr. Bvereton, Mr. Leheup, Mr.

Cornewall, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Lord Gage, Sir Thomas Lyttelton, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Rowland Lord Sidney

Beauclerk, Sir Nathanael Ctirzon, Mr. Fox, Mr.

Mr. Archer, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Howe, Mr. Hucks, Mr.

Gregory, Mr. Compton, Sir Miles Stapylton, Sir James Grant, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Chamberlayne, Mr. Griffith,

Mr. Plumer, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Chchvynd Mr.

White, Mr. Blackett, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Foley, Sir Geo.

Wynne j and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, York, and Rutland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Cordwainers, Tanners, Sadlers, and Lawmfpea. Curriers, inhabiting the Borough of Leominster, in the tanned County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and eat er‘ read; complaining-of the Injuries they receive from many Curriers, and Persons calling themselves by the Nameof Leather-cutters, who,of late Years,have greatly encroached upon the proper Bufinefsof the Cordwainers; the said Leather-cutters cutting and felling Leather in such Parcels, and in such manner, as, the Petitioners apprehend, belongs to the Right of the Cordwainers only to do; and the said Curriers, not only currying and then cutting Leather for Sale, which the Petitioners conceive to be wholly unjustifiable, by cutting and felling such Leather, as never hath or can be curried; and manifelily attempting to monopolize the retailing of Leather in such Quantities, and of such Sorts, as proves very detrimental to many other Branches of the Leather Trade, and to all the fair Dealers therein: And whereas the House hath ordered a Bill to be prepared, and brought in, upon aPetition of the Curriers, wherein arecontained sundry Suggestions, which the Petitioners apprehend not well grounded; therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, if needful, with relation to the said Bill, at such time as the House shall judge meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the BUI toobviate certainDoubts,which have arisen,

upon

12 Geo. II. 22° — 230

upon the Conltruftiop of the Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather, be read a Second time.

Supply. Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in Ins Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read: and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two-hundred Twenty-two thousand Six hundred and Eighty-nine Pounds Two Shillings and Sixpence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half-pay to Sea Officers, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-nine.

> ReJ'olved, That it is 'the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty thousand and Eighty-eight Pounds Six Shillings and ThreePence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty thousand Five hundred and Three Pounds Eleven Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expence of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Half-pay Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur-Officer*. suant to their Address to his Majesty, a List of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, entitled to receive Half-pay in Great , with an

Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1739;

And he also acquainted the House, That he had received his Majesty’s Commands to lay before this House, a List of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th Day of December 1716 j with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1739.

And the Titles of the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lifts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1enerisy 23° Februarii;

Anno 12° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1738.

Prayers.

Law* re- A PETITION of the Cordwainers and other Manu-spedingtan- II fasturers of Leather into Wares, in and near the ned Leather, city of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners find, by the Votes of this House, that, upon the Application of the Curriers and other Dealers in Leather, a Bill is brought in, to obviate certain Doubts, which have arisen, upon the Construction of the Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First; Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather; and that if the said Bill should pass into a Law, as it is now Wol.23.

Februarii 245

drawn, it will tend to the utter Ruin of the Petitioners, and their Families, and many Thousands of other Per* fons dealing in Leather: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may have I-eave to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, at such Time as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, [f they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, for the said Bill.

The Lord Tyrconnel reported from the Committee, to Stamford and

whom the Petition of several Gentlemen of the County Grantham of Lincoln-, and also of many Persons, usually travelling oa s*

the Northern Road, lying between the Towns of Grantham and Stamford, through the Counties of Lincoln and Rutland was referred, That the Committee had exa-amined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

The Committee have, in pursuance of the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, in order to prove the Allegations thereof, the Agents for the Petitioners called,

William Powell, Richard Hanks, and James Courtney:

"Who, being severally examined, said. That they were Coachmen by Occupation, and were very well acquainted with the Roads mentioned in the Petition, having frequently Occasion to travel through the same: That they had very lately passed through the said Roads, and they were so exceedingly bad and dangerous, that it was with very great Difficulty they were able to get through them at all: but seldom or never could do it without being obliged to hire some Horses to assistthem.

Solomon Clarke,a Coachman, belonging to Mr.

who usually lets out travelling Coaches, said, That he was well acquainted with the said Roads, and confirmed the Evidence given by the Three Persons above-named; and further said. That, even in the Middle of the last Summer, the Roads were so very bad, after a Show'er of Rain, that his Coach, in Company with another, was stuck; and they were forced to borrow one another’s Horses, in order so get their Coaches out of the Mire.

Sir Brownlow Skerrard said, That, to his Knowledge, the Statute-work, for some time, was done; notwithstanding which the Roads were, as above represented, exceedingly bad; and could not be put into Repair by the Statute-work. And,

John Bray said. That he believed the Statute-work was far from being sufficient effectually to amend and keep the Roads in proper Repair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road between Stamford and Grantham, in the County of Lincoln: And that the Lord Tyrconnel,

Sir Michael Newton, and Mr. Monson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are there- grampton unto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Par- Bridge, Ac. liament, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his Roads, late Majesty King George the First, for amending the Highways leading from Brampton Bridge to Welford Bridge, in the County of Northampton-, and also the great Poll Road from Morterpit Hill, in the said County, through Bri.vworth, Lamport, Ma and

Oxenden Magna, to Chain Bridge, leading into Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester; and also of fe-’ veral Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and other Persons, living in or near, and travelling through, the said Highways, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, at the time of passing the said Act, the Highways, thereby directed to be repaired, being each of them about Twelve raeafured Miles in Length,

3 R were.

av:


2^6 2 30 Februarii. . 1738.

were in such a ruinous Condition, that the Petitioners the Trustees were obliged to borrow a Sum of Money, upon the Credit of the said Act, in order to make the same passable; which Money, so borrowed, together with the Tolls collected by virtue of the said Act, have been duly applied in amending the said Highways; and that great Progress hath been made in amending the said Highways; but, by reason of the excessive Weights constantly drawn through the fame, the said Highways are still bad in the Winter Season, and cannot be effectually amended, and made commodious for all Paffen-. gers, unless the Term and Powers granted by the former Act be enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers by the said former Act granted, so that the Repairs of the said Highways may be completed in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edmund IJIiam, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Wyndham, Dr. Lee, Mr. Mr.

Leathes, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Hucks, Mr. WaUer, Mr. Owen, Sir John Barnard, Sir Roger Bradjhaigh, Sir Wm. Stanhope, Mr.

Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Prohy, Sir Miles , Mr.

Shuttleworth, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Frankland, Sir Thomas Frankland, Mr. Archer, Lord Wm. Manners, Sir Abdy, Mr. Fox, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir John Rushout, Sir Henry Hoghton, Lord James Mr. Smith,

Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Maister, Mr. Yorke, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Gore, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir James Gratit, Mr. Leveson Gower, Dr. Butler, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bathurfi, Mr. , Mr. Bold, Sir Jer-myn Davers, Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr. Mordaunt, Mr, Mojlyn, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Kent; and all the Members who ierve for the Counties of Northampton, Nottingham, Leicester, Derby, and Warwick.: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the . Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Fraud* in Notice being taken, that there were some Mistakes Bill for the better preventing of Frauds and Silverwares. Abuses in Gold and Silver Wares, winch Bill was presentedto this House upon the 14th Day of this instant February, and then read the First time,' and ordered to be read a Second time;

Ordered, That the Order of the House, for the said Bill to be read a Second time, be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Bill.

And the said Bill was withdrawn accordingly.

South S«a Mr. Burrell, from the Directors of the South Sea Company’s Company, presented to the House, pursuant to their Trade. Order,

Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the South Sea Company to Benjamin Keene Esquire, London, 9th of February 1738:

Copy of a Letter from Benjamin Keene Esquire to the Court of Directors of the South Sea Company, Madrid 24th February 1738:

Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the South Sea Company to Benjamin Keene Esquire, London, 20th of April 1738:

Copy of a Letter from Benjamin Keene Esquire to the Secretary of the South Sea Company, Madrid, 7th of April 1738:

Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the Sea Company to Benjamin Keene Esquire, London, 16th of November 1738:

Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the South Sea Company to Benjamin Keene Esquire, London, 25th January 1738-9:

Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the South Sea >5

Company to Benjamin Keene Esquire, London, 10th November 1738:

Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the South Sea Company to Benjamin Keene Esquire, London, 15th February 1738-9:

Copy of a Letter from Benjamin Keene Esquire to the Sub-Governor of the South Sea Company, Madrid, 13th January 1739:

Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the South Sea Company to Benjamin Keene Esquire, South Sea House,

London, 16th February 1 738-9:

Copy of a Letter from Sir Thomas Geraldino to the Sub and Deputy Governor? of the South-SVaCompany, London,

Jan. 23. 0

fVM2-738-9:

Copy of a Letter from the Sub and Deputy Governors of the South Sea Company to Sir Thomas Geraldino,

London, 25th January 1738-9:

Copyof a Letter from Sir Thomas Geraldino to the Sub and Deputy Governors oflheYo^/;6W:Company, Z.cWo«,

Jan. 31.

Fcbiii?1 738-9:

Copy of a Letter from the Court of Directors of the South Sea Company to Sir Thomas Geraldino, 9th February 1738-9:

Memorial to his Grace the Duke of Newcajlie, laying his Catholick Majesty’s Declaration, Sic. before his Grace, 26th January 1738-9:

A. An Account of the South Sea Company’s Proceedings for settling their Difference with the Court of Spain, since the 21st of December 1737:

B. Translation of a Paper, called by Sir Thomas Geraldino, Extract of his Catholick Majesty’s Concessions to the Company, in answer to the Plan and Explanations thereof, delivered by Sir Thomas Geraldino the 19th of

06lober 1738:

C. Translation of Copy of his Catholick Majesty’s Cedula to the Vice Roy of Peru, ordering the Balance . of what shall be due on Reprifalias, to be paid to the Company of the AJfiento of Negroes of England, dated

St.Ildefonfo, 13th October 1738:

D. Translation of Copy of his Catholick Majesty’s Cedula to the Vice Roy of New Spain, ordering the Balance of what shall be due on Reprisals, to be paid to the Company of the AJfiento of Negroes of England, dated St. Ildefonfo, 13th October 1738:

E. Copy of the Observations on the King of Spain’s Concessions to the South Sea Company, and on the Copies of Two Cedulas which accompanied the said Concession, dated 2d November 1738.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill 3 Re[;efof for explaining an Act passed in the Tenth Year of his " insolvent present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for Relief Debtor*. of insolvent Debtors; and for amending the same Act, and so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, as extends the Benefit of the said Act, for Relief of insolvent Debtors, to Creditors, whose Debtors were committed to Prison since the ift Day of January 1730, and were detained there upon the ill Day of January 1736, and had chose to continue there, with respect only to such Debtors, as by virtue of the said A ft, or either of them, have been compelled to deliver up their Estates and Effects to their Creditors: And that Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Hay do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for the more effectual punching and suppressing R0g*« and of Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Vagabond*, Persons; and for the better Relief of Lunaticks and Foundling Children; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved,

12 Geo. II.

3° Febru

247

Resolved, That this Hottfe will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Laws r«- A Petition of the Mailer Cordvrainers of the^Town of tan* Birmingham,in the County of behalf of them-

*»e cat er. fe]ves, and the rest of the Manufacturers of Leather in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, for many Years before the Year 1726, the Petitioners had^i considerable Leather Market in the said Town of Birmingham, of about Three hundred Hides, besides a proportionable Number of Calve-lkins and Kip-lkins, being commonly exposed to Sale there every Market Day; by which means the Petitioners were supplied with Leather at reasonableRates; but that,since the Year 1726, scarce Ten or Fifteen Hides have been brought to the saidMarket on OneDay, to the great Disappointment of the Petitioners: And that this Grievance is entirely owing to the Curriers within the said Town of

ham,in Number Nine, whosoreftal the Market, by buying up of all the Leather they can in the adjacent Countries, not only red tanned Leather, but also all other Sorts of Leather not manufactured by them; whereby they oblige the other Dealers in Leather to buy the same of them at an exorbitant Price: And that the Petitioners are moreover great Sufferers by the Curriers cutting and felling their Leather in small Quantities: And thatfeveral of the Curriers have of late, and since the said Year 1726, made, or caused to be made, large Quantities of Shoes and Clogs, and exposed them to Sale within the said Town of Birmingham, to the great Damage of the Petitioners: And that, if the Curriers should be enabled first to cut, and afterwards to fell. Leather in what manner they please, contrary to the Laws now exilling, it would be of the greatest Detriment to the Trade of the Cordwainers of this Kingdom in general, and in particular to the Petitioners, and endanger the total Impoverishing of Thou-fandsof Families now employed by them, as also be more expensive to thofePersons whom the Petitioners now do, or shall hereafter, supply with Shoes: And therefore praying. That the House will be pleased to take the Pre-mi fes into Confederation; and that the said Petitioners may have Leave to be heard, either by themselves or Counsel, what they have to offer against the Allegations of the Curriers; or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to obviate certain Doubts, which have arisen, upon the Construction of the Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Man), intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather, be read a Second time.

Commercial A Petition of divers Merchants, Planters, and others,

Disputes trading to, and interested in, the British Plantations in with Spain. America,in behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners made their most humble Application to this House the last Session of Parliament, setting forth, the continued Depredations committed by the on

the High Seas of America, upon the British Shipping and Property; their barbarous andinhumanTreatment of the British Sailors, on the Taking of their Ships; and their carrying them afterwards into Slavery in Old Spain, the Spaniards making it their constantPraftice to attack and board all Briti/li Merchant Ships they met with in the American Seas, under Pretence for searching for Goods which they deemed contraband, according to their arbitrary Will and Pleasure, contrary to the Law of Nations, and in manifest Violation of the Treaties subsisting between the Two Crowns: And that, by these un-jult and violent Proceedings of the Spaniards, the Trade and Navigation to and from America was rendered very unsafe and precarious; insomuch that the Insurances had greatly risen on these Accounts only: And that the Petitioners having been heard, by their Counsel, before a Committee of the whole House, did, as they apprehend, fully make out, in Proofs, every one of the Vot. 23.

Allegations of their said Petition, to the intire and unanimous Satisfaction of the House: Upon which Application this House came to the following Resolutions:

" That it is the natural and undoubted Right of the " British Subjects to fail with their Ships on any Part of " the Seas of America, to and from any Part of his Majesty's Dominions; and that the Freedom of Navigation and Commerce, which the Subjects of Great Britain have an undoubted Right to by the Law of Nations, and by virtue of the Treaties subsisting between " the Two Crowns of Great Britain and Spain, has been greatly interrupted by the Spaniards, under Pretences " altogether groundless and unwarrantable: That, before . " and lince the Execution of the Treaty of Seville, and " the Declaration made by the Crown of Spain, pursuant thereunto, for the Satisfaction and Security of the " Commerce of Great Britain, many unjust Seizures and Captures have been made, and great Depredations " committed by the Spaniards, attended with many Instances of unheard-of Cruelty and Barbarity: That the " frequent Applications made to the Court of Spain for " procuring Justice and Satisfaction to his Majesty’s in-." jured Subjects, for bringing the Offenders to condign " Punishment, and for preventing the like Abuses for the " future, have proved vain and ineffectual, and the several Orders or Cedulas granted by the King of Spain, " for Restitution and Reparation of great Losses sustained " by the unlawful and unjustifiable Seizures and Capturesmade by the Spaniards, have been disobeyed by " the Spanish Governors, or totally evaded and eluded: " Ail which Violences and Depredations have been " carried on, to the great Loss and Damage of the Subjects of Great Britain trading to America, and in direst Violation of the Treaties subsisting between the " Two Crowns:"

" That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, humbly beseeching his Majesty to use his Royal " Endeavours with his Catholick Majesty to obtain " effectual Relief for his injured Subjects, and to conYince the Court of Spain,that, how desirous soever his Majesty may be to preserv a good Correspondence " and Amity between the Two Crowns, which can only " fubfill by a strict observance of their mutual Treaties, " and a just Regard to the Rights and Privileges belongingto each other, his Majesty can no longer suffer such " constant and repeated Insults and Injuries to be carried " on, to the Dishonour of his Crown, and to the Ruin of " his trading Subjects; and to assure his Majesty, that " in case his royal and friendly Instances for procuring " Justice, and for the future Security of that Navigation " and Commerce which his People have an undoubted " Right to, by Treaties and the Law of Nations, shall " not be able to procure, from the Equity and Friend* " ship of the King of Spain, such Satisfaction as his Majesty may reasonably expect from a good and faithful Ally, this House will effectually support his Majesty " in taking such Measures, as Honour and Justice shall " make it necessary for his Majesty to pursue."

That a Convention hath since been entered into between this Crown and that of Spain, which his Majesty has been most graciously pleased to order to be laid before this House; and the same being published by Authority, the Petitioners observe, with the utmost Concern, that the Spaniards are so far from giving up their groundless and unjullifiable Practice of visiting and searching British Ships failing to and from the British Plantations, that they appear to have claimed the Power of doing it as a Right, by having infilled, that the Differences which have arisen concerning it, should be referred to Plenipotentiaries, to be discussed by them, without even agreeing to abstain from such Visitation and Search during the time that the Discussion of this Affair may-last: That the Petitioners are under the greatest Apprehen-fions, since Spain has contended that a Point so incon-testably clear, both by the Law of Nations, and all the Treaties subsisting between the Two -Crowns, should come under Debate, that the Spanish Plenipotentiaries will be instrufted not to give it up; And if the Freedom

23* Febrmrii. 1738.

of our Navigation to and from our own Colonies should be left in Suspence, and precarious, it mult be attended with the moll fatal and pernicious Consequences to the . Petitioners, whose Persons and Fortunes will thereby be in the Power of the Spanish Guarda without any

Prospect of Relief; the Petitioners having already too severely experienced the Juliice of the Courts

and Governors, to consider them as any Security: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may have an Opportunity of being heard; and that they may be allowed to represent to this House the great Importance of ourTrade to and from our own Plantationsin*4m<?r/ca, the clear and indisputable Right which we have to enjoy it, without being (topped, visited, or searched, by the Spaniards, on any Pretence whatsoever, and the certain and inevitable Destruction of all the Riches and Strength derived to this Kingdom from that Trade, if a Search of British Ships failing to and from the Plantations

be tolerated upon any Pretext, or under any Restrictions; or even if the Freedom of this Navigation should continue much longer in this State of Uncertainty.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Convention between and

Spain,concluded at the Pardo, January 14, 1739, N.S.

and the separate Articles belonging the reunto, with the several Ratifications thereof: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard upon their Petition, by their Counsel, before the said Committee;

An Amendment was proposed to-be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " their Counsel," and inserting the Word themselves" instead thereof:

And the Question being put, That the Words " their Counsel," stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas 5 Mr* ?o/in

letters for the *eas,|Mr T Gore

Tellers for the Noes,^; of

}*°7-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put. That the Word " themselves" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the PJanuary 14, 1739* N. S. and the separate Articles belonging the reunto, with the several Ratifications thereof: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard upon their Petition, by themselves, before the said Committee.

Commercial The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the Oifpute* c^y of London attended at the Door; wit pain. They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, a Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common-council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth. That the Citizens of London are too deeply interested in whatever affects the Trade of this Nation, not to express the utmost Anxiety for the Welfare of that only Source of our Riches; and it is with a Concern the Petitioners are unable to express, that they perceive the Trade to his Majesty’s American Colonies Hill continues exposed to thelnfults of the Spaniards; who, underun-warrantable and injurious Pretences, continue to Hop, search, and make Prizes of, Is navigating the

American Seas, in manifest Violation of the Treaties fub-ftfting between the Two Crowns; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the Trade from these his Majesty’s Kingdoms to his.4mmVtf«CoIonies isof the utmost Importance, and aluioft the only profitable Trade this Nation now enjoys unrivalled by others; and that the Petitioners were

induced to hope,from his Majesty’sknown Goodness, and paternal Care of his Subjects, supported by the vigorous Resolutions of both Houses of Parliament, and the Equipment ofa very powerful Fleet, that his Majesty’s trading Subjects in the Seas of as well as in all other Pails

of the Ocean, would not only have received a full Satisfaction for their LolTes, occasioned by the Depredations of Spain, but also an undoubted Security for their Commerce, for the time to come; and that a reasonable and adequate Reparation would likewise have been Obtained for the Barbarities and inhuman Cruelties exercised by that Nation on the English Seamen, who have had the Unhappi-

ness of falling into their merciless Hands; and expressing their great Concern and Surprize to find, by the Convention lately concluded between his Majesty and the King of Spain, that the Spaniards are so far from giving up their, as the Petitioners apprehend, unjust Pretensions of a Right to visit and search our Ships iti the Seas rica, that this Pretension of theirs is, among others, referred to the future Regulation and Decision of Plenipotentiaries appointed on each Side, whereby the Petitioners apprehend it is in some Degree admitted; and that the Petitioners conceive they have too much Cause to fear, if the Right, pretended to by Spain, of searching British Ships at Sea, be admitted in any manner or degree whatsoever, that the Trade of his Majesty’s Subjects to America will become so precarious, as to depend, in a great measure, upon the Indulgence and Justice of the Spaniards, of both which they have given, for some Years pad, such Specimens, as the Petitioners think this Nation can have no Cause to be satisfied with; and expressing the Apprehensions of the Petitioners, that such a precarious Situation as this mull inevitably expose the Trade to the American Seas to continual Interruptions and Alarms, as well as to several Lodes; and that, to these unhappy Causes, the Petitioners apprehend, the present low State of the British Colonies in America may, in a great measure, be attributed; and, if the cruel Treatment of the English Sailors, whose hard Fate has thrown them into the "Hands of the Spanianis, lliould be put up, without any Reparation, the Petitioners apprehend it may be the means of deterring Seamen from undertaking Voyages to the Seas of America, without an Advance of Wages, which that Trade, or any other, will not be able to support: And that the Petitioners therefore, having laid before this House the high Importance this Trade is of to the Kingdom in general, and thisCity in particular, thought it their indispensableDuty to represent to this House the fatal Consequences of leaving the Freedom of Navigation any longer in Suspence and Uncertainty: And therefore expressing their Hope, that this House will take it into mature Deliberation, and do therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Convention between Great Britain and Spain,concluded at the Pardo, Jan. 14, 1739,

N. S. and the separate Articles belonging the reunto, with the several Ratifications thereof.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, Assistants,and Com- Commercial monalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within Dilutes the City of Bristol, under their common Seal, was presented wUh ®P""-to the House, and read; fettingforth, That the Petitidners, the lallSession of Parliament, presented a Petition to the House, setting forth, how greatly the Trade and

Navigation, to and from the British Colonies and Plantations in America, had been for several Years pall interrupted, and exposed to the continual InfultsandDepredations of the Spaniards in thofeSeas;where they had taken and made Prizes of great Numbers Ships and

Vessels, in their Passage to and from our own Colonies and Plantations, several of which belonged to the Port of Bristol; and that theyftill continued their Depredations, and had lately taken and plundered several Ships and Vessels belonging to that and several other British Ports; and had treated such as fell into their Hands in a very barbarous and cruel mauner: And that the Petitioners were heard,

by

i2 Geo. IL 23° Februarii. 249

by their Counsel, before the Committee of the whole House, and fully justified every Part of their Petition, to entire Satisfaction; and that the House was pleased to come to a Resolution, in support of the natural and undoubted Right of the British Subjects to fail with their Ships on any Part of the Seas of America, to and from any Part of his Majesty’s Dominions: and that the Freedom of Navigation and Commerce, which the Subjects Of Great Britain had an undoubted Right to, by the Law of Nations, and by virtup of the Treaties subsisting between the Two Crowns of Great Britain and Spain, had been greatly interrupted by the Spaniards, under Pretences altogether groundless and unwarrantable: And that the House was pleased to address his Majesty thereon; to which his Majesty returned a most gracious Answer: And that his Crown, and that of Spain, have since entered into a Convention; and expressing the great Concern of the Petitioners, that the Spaniards, instead of thereby yielding up their unjustifiable Claim, to visit and search the Ships of this Kingdom in their Voyages to and from our own Colonies and Plantations, have infilled upon the referring the same to Plenipotentiaries, to be conferred on by them, as if it admitted of a Doubt: And setting forth, That the Petitioners are extremely apprehend ve of the many fatal Consequences that may attend thisSufpence of the Freedom of the Navigation in the Seas of America; for as the Spaniards have infilled to have the settling this Point referred to Plenipotentiaries; and as the S mull be sensible it can never be determined in their Favour; so the Petitioners are very fearful they will do all in their Power to prevent its being determined at all: That if this should happen to be the Cafe, as there is no Agreement on the Part of the Crown of Spain not to visit or search any of our Ships in the American Seas, till this Matter shall be determined by Plenipotentiaries, the Petitioners Shipping and Property, employed in this Trade, will ftillcontinue liable to be visited, Fearched, and seized, by the Spanijii Guarda Cojtas, as formerly under the old, but groundless Pretence, of having contraband or prohibited Goods on board, though the Crown of Spain mull very well know, that as all Trade between the Subjects of Great Britain and those of Spain in America, is prohibited by Treaties between the Two Crowns, so the British Ships in those Seas can have no contraband Goods on board, to justify such aPretence: And that, let the Cause of Capture be what it will, if a British Ship is once taken by a Spanish Guarda Cojla, and brought into a Spanish Port, (he is certainly condemned; the Defence being made by a Spaniard set up for that Purpose, and the Judges and Evidences being interested in the Condemnation; but that, as neither the Law of Nations, nor any of our Treaties, has given them this Right, their ailing in this manner has been an open Violation of the one, and a plain Infraction of the other: And therefore, as the leaving the visiting and searching the British Ships, in America, open to the Crown of Spain, will be attended with the moll fatal Consequences to the Shipping, Trade, and Navigation of Great Britain, as it will discourage the Planters from raising and making their Sugars, and other our Plantations Produce, as it will discourage the Merchants from fending their Ships to America, or carrying on a Trade in which they cannot have the Protection due to the British Flag, as it will dispirit the Sailors, and as it will occasion the Insurance on this Trade to rife to a Rate the Trade cannot bear, and which all other Nations will be free from, praying the House, That the Petitioners may once more have an Opportunity of being heard, by themselves, or Counsel, and of laying their same before the House, and of representingto the House, the many fatal Consequences that mull attend the Power, Wealth, and Commerce, of this Kingdom, if the British Trade and Navigation, to and from our own Colonies in America be not effectually secured and protected from the insulting Vi-fitations. Searches, and Restrictions, of the Spaniards for the future.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

VoL 83.

sideration of the Committee of the whole House, who ire to consider of the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the Pardo, January 14, 1739,

N. S. and the separate Articles belonging the reunto, with the several Ratifications thereof: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard upon their Petition, by themselves, or their Counsel; before the said Committee;

An Amendment was propbfed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " or their Counsel

And the Question being put, That the Words "or " their Counfel" Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Mlm for the Yea,. }

TeHers

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the Pardo, January 14, 1739, S. and the separate Articles belonging the re-

unto, with the several Ratifications thereof: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard upon their Petition, by themselves, before the said Committee.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Commercial thereunto subscribed, Owtlets and Freighters of Two Dispute* British Ships taken by the Subjects of his Catholick Ma- w*h Spain, jesty, after the signing the Preliminary Articles of Peafce by the Two contending Powers Great Britain and Spain, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Sufferers, was presented to the House, and read felting forth, That One of the aforesaid Ships, called the Betty Gaily, commanded by Richard Copithornc, was taken on the

29th of June 1727, N. S. in the Mediterranean Sea, on her Voyage from Mejftna, by a Spanish Privateer, under

Turkish Colours, after Five Hours Engagement, wherein Three of his Men were killed, the Petitioner Richard Copithornc, and Three more, were wounded*

and for Nine Days kept naked; and, after other inhuman Usage, the said Ship was carried into Malaga', and, on the 14th of October following was there condemned:

And that the other Ship, called the Loyal Gaily, commanded by William Pugjley, was also taken on the said 29th of June 1727, N. S. in the same Seas, on her Voyage from Leghorn, by another Privateer, and carried into Malaga-, and, upon the 14th of October following was also condemned: And that the Preliminary Articles were signed at Paris,the 31st of May 1727#

N. S. which was Twenty-nine Days before the said Ships were taken; and upon the 19th of June 1727, N. S. his Catholick Majesty accepted and signed the said Preliminaries; and, upon the 23d following, all Hostilities ceased at Gibraltar, and the Camp of St.; and, upon the 26th of the same Month, the Celfation of Arms was published on board the British Fleet, and also the same Day at Malaga: And that the Petitioners apprehend they are entitled to Satisfaction, as being expressly provided for by the 5th and 7th Articles of the Preliminaries, in the following Words: Article the 5th: " Immediately after the Signing of the prefect " Article, all Hostilities whatsoever, if any have happened to be begun, shall cease; and, with respeH to " Spain, within Eight Days after his Catholick Maj >fty " shall have received the signed Articles!’’ Article the 7th: "If, after the Signing of these Preliminaries, any " Disturbancesfhouldhappentoberaised, under any Pretext whatsoever, or Alls of Hostilities committed, between the Subjects of the controlling Powers, either in " Europe or in the Indies, they shall, by joint Alhftance,

repair the Damages fuflainedby their respective Sub-jells:" And that frequent Applications have been made, in the most respeltful manner, by the Petitioners, who have hitherto received no Satisfaction; although they havegiveu in their respective Claims, upon Oath,

3 S conformable

ico 2 30 — 26° F. 1738.

conformable io the Method prescribed for that Purpose in the London Gazettee of the 9th 1730; and that the Petitioners fear they are excluded from any Satisfaction by the present Convention, they having lately been informed, by a Message from One of the Commis-faries, That the King of Spain would not allow of any Claims to be good, but for such Ships only as were taken in Europe after the 2nd July 1727, N.S.: And therefore praying the House to take the llardthips the Petitioners labour under into Consideration, that they may have such Assistance and Relief as the same requires, and as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the . Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the , January 14.

' 1739, N. S. and the separate Articles belonging the reunto, with the several Ratiiications thereof.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-«fPrivileges, tions be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunas, 26° die Februarii;

Anno i2* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1738.

Prayers.

Discharge of S^RDERED, (That Sir William Courtenay Baronet, a

a Member in Member of this House, in the Custody of the Ser->of,°Aiitenr ieant at Arms attending this House, for neglecting to dance. attend his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Laws re- A Petition of the several Cordwainers, Tanners, and speAing ian- Curriers, of the Town of Stamford, in the County of ned Leather. Lincoln, and of the Parish of St. Martin's, Stamford

Baron, thereto adjoining; and also,

A Petition of the Shoemakers of the Borough of Shaftm,in the County of Dorset; and also,

A Petition of the Shoemakers, Tanners, Clog-makers, and Patten-makers, of the Town of and Parts

adjacent; and also,

A Petition of the Company of Cordwainers of the Borough of Tewflcbury; and also,

A Petition of the Shoemakers in the Town or Borough of Andover, in the County of Southampton, and of the Villages thereto adjoining or belonging; and also,

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, Company of Shoemakers, and Curriers, Tauners, and all other Dealers in Leather, in and about the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of on behalf of themselves, and others; and also,

A Petition of the Mailer Cordwainers in the Borough of Whitchurch in the County of Southampton, and Places adjacent, in behalf of themselves, and all other the Cordwainers throughout England;

Were severally presented to the House, and read, against the Bill, now depending in the House, to obviate certain Doubts, which have arisen, upon the Construction of the Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Man/, intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time,

A Petition of several Shoemakers, Sadlers, Girdlers, Bel lows-makers, I x-ather Clog-makers, Patten-makers, and Coblers, in and about the City of Durham, in the County of Durham, whose Names are thereunto sub-

feribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others; arid ^aws also respeetint

rtiiUi tanned

A Petition of several Shoemakers, Sadlers, Gird>rs, Leathers Collar-makers, Bellows-makers, Leather Clog-makers, Patten-makers, Water Engine-makers, nhd Coblers, in and about Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalfof themselves, and many others; and also,

A Petition of several Shoemakers, Sadlers, Girdlers, Bellows-makers, Leather Clog-makers, Patten-makers, and Coblers, in and about Abingdon, in the County of Berks, whose Names, are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others; and also,

A Petition of several Shoemakers, Sadlers, Girdlers, Bellows-makers, Leather Clog-makers, Patten-makers; and Coblers, in and about the City of Oxford, in the County of Oxford,whose Names are thereu nto subseri bed,

on behalf of themselves, and many others; and also,

A Petition of several Shoemakers, Sadlers, Girdlers, Bellows-makers, Leather Clog-makers, Patten-makers, and Coblers, in and about Great Farringdon, and Wantage, in the County of Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others; and also,

A Petition of several Shoemakers, Sadlers, Girdlers, Bellows-makers, Leather Clog-makers, Patten-makers, and Coblers, in and aboiit the Town and County of Bedford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others; and also,

A Petition of several Shoemakers, Sadlers, Girdlertf, Bellows-makers, Leather Clog-makers, Patten-makers, and Coblers, in and about the Town and County of r-castle upon Tyne, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, gnd many others; and also,

A Petition of several Shoemakers, Sadlers, Girdlers* Bellows-makers, Leather Clog-makers, Patten-inakers, and Coblers, in and about Kimbolton, in the County of Huntingdon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others; and also,

A Petition of several Shoemakers, Sadlers, Girdlers, Bellows-makers, Leather Clog-makers, Patten-makers, and Coblers, in and about Marlborough, in the County , of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That the Petitioners find great Con ven ienceand Ad vantage i n being fu ppl ied by the Curriers, and other Dealers in Leather, with'

Parts of Hides and Skins: And praying Relief. 1 And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill to obviate certain Doubts, which have arisen, upon the Construction of the Act, of of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Man/, intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King '

James the First, concerning Tanned Leather, be read: a Second Time.

Sir Francis Child presented to the House, according Frauds in to Order, a Bill for the better preventing of Frauds and GolJ and Abuses in Gold and Silver Wares; And the same was Sl,ver\\ares. received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Charles Cavendish reported from the Com- Bakewell, mittee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and &c. Roads, others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living in or near; and travelling through, the Roads leading from the Town of Bakewell, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Chesterfield, in the same County, to the Town of Workfopp, in t he County of Nottingham; and from the Head or North End of a certain Street, called Glewmangatefm the Town of Ckeflerfie aforesaid,to the

Town of Mansfield, in the said County of Nottingham, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had direQed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered

12 Geo. H. 26° Februarii. , 251

it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition; and, to prove the Allegations thereof, the Agent for the Petitioners called Two Witnesses; viz.

Mr. Paul Mercer and Mr. Who,

being severally examined, said. That they were well acquainted with the Road leading from Bakewell, through Chesterfield, to Workfopp, in the Petition mentioned (be-

ing Eighteen Miles and upwards in length); and that theyalioknow the Road leading from the Head or North End of a Street, called in , to

the Town of Mansfield, also described in the said Petition (being above Eight Miles in Length); and they severally said, That the said Roads are now become very deep, and that many Parts thereof are, in the Winter Season, dangerous to Passengers:

And Mr. Mercer further said. That although the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, through which the Roads lead, have constantly performed their Statute-work, and raised, and laid out, what the Law requires, yet the same has proved ineffectual; for many Parts of the same Roads are not, at this time, passable for Coachesand Carriages: And the same Witness added to his Evidence, That should 1 a d.in the l*jund be raised (which he paid One Year), and laid out on some Part of the Roads, and the Statute-work be duly performed thereon, the same would not be sufficient effectually to amend'all the Roads mentioned in the Petition, and keep them in good Repair, in the Winter Season, for the Accommodation of Travellers.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Roads from the Town of Bakewell, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Chesterfield, in the same County, to the Town of Workfopp, in the County of Nottingham; and from the Head or North End of a

certain Street, called Glexvmangate, in the Town of ter field aforesaid, to the Town of Mansfield, in the said County of Nottingham: And that the Lord Charles Cavendish. Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Levinz, and Mr. Mordaunt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bath A Petition of the Commissioners, whose Names are Roads. thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in ExecutionTwo

Acts of Parliament, one of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing and enlarging the Highways between the Top of Hill and the City of

Bath; and also several Highways leading to and through the said City; and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; and also of several Inhabitants of the said City, and other Persons living near, and usually travelling through, the Roads leading from the Top of Old-down, alias Odd-down, to Dunkerton Bridge,; and from Bath Eafion Bridge to a Gate on the further End of Banner-down, alias Balhon; and from the Top of Claverton-doion alias Clar to New Bridge, over Camber Brook; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by the said Acts several Tolls were granted and continued, for the Terms therein mentioned, for repairing the said Highways; which the Petitioners the Commissioners finding in a very ruinous Condition, and the annual Income of the Tolls granted by thefirit-mentioned Act being not sufficient effectually to repair the fame, they were obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money', in order to make the said Highways passable, and for other Purposes mentioned in the said Act; and that the Sum of 400, or thereabouts, of the Sum so borrowed, is still due; which, with the Money collected by the Tolls granted, hath been duly laid out, according to the Directions of the said Acts; and that, by reason of the excessive Weights constantly drawn through the said Highways, and some Defects in the said Act, the said Highways cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, and other Directions of the said Acts performed, and the Money due on the Vol. 23.

Credit thereof be repaid, without the Aid of a further Act of Parliament; and that the additional Roads before-mentioned, and particularly described (adjoining to Part of the Highways directed to be repaired by the former.

Acts), are, by reason of maDy heavy Carriages frequent-, ly passing through the fame, become so bad, that they, cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws now in being for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, be effectually amended, unless some ether Provision be made for that Purpose; and that the keeping a sufficient and well-regulated Watch in the Night-time, within the said City, will be of great Importance, and tend not only to the Preservation of the Persons and Properties of the Inhabitants thereof, but the Safety of all Persons resorting thither; and that the Petitioners* the Inhabitants of the City, conceive no effectual Provision is made, by the Laws now in being, for establishing, or well-governing, any such nightly Watch, or for the due levying or collecting any Money for defraying the necessary Charges thereof, or for enforcing a due Application, and juilly accounting for, any-Monies collected for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and continued by the said former Acts; and for the effectual repairing the additional Roads aforesaid; and for the better regulating the nightly Watch within the said City, and Liberties thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General W Mr. Treby, Mr. Codrington, Mr. Earle, Mr. Cojter, Mr. Gore, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Bold, Mr. 1lucks, Mr. Bramfion, Lord Sidney

Beauclerk, Colonel Onslow, Brigadier Mr;

Byng, Mr. Carew, Mr. Rozpney, Mr. Medlycott, Mr;

Pigott, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Edgecumbe, Mr.

Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Chaffin, Lord Poize arth, Mr. Wii-kinfon, Mr. Wynn, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Danvers, Mr.

Urquhart, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Cxfar, Mr.

Sir MilesStapylton, Dr. Butler, Brigadier Cope, Mr.

Harley, Mr. Robert Harley, Mr. Archer, Mr. Yorke,

Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Compton, Sir Robert Clifton, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Aijlabie-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, and Glou-

cester: And they are to meet this Af.ernoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons* Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Merchants trading from the Port Commercia of Liverpoole to his Majesty’s Plantations in America, I)itpun-s on behalf of themselves; and many others concerned in with Spain; that Trade, was prefehted to the House, and read; setting forth, That, upon the Application of the Petitioners, and others, to this House, the last Session of Parliament, setting forth the many Depredations committed by the Spaniards, in the High Seas of America, on British Shipping and Property; their barbarous Treatment of the British Sailors, on the Captures of their Ships; and their carrying them afterwards into Slavery in Old Spain; and the Spaniards having made it their common Practice to attack and board all British.

Merchant Ships they met with in the American Seas* under the Pretence of searching for Goods which they deemed to be contraband, or not lawful, according to their own arbitrary Will and Pleasure, for the British Merchant Ships to have on board, contrary to the Law of Nations, and in manifcli Violation of the Treaties subsisting between the Two Crowns, and thereby rendered the Trade and Navigation to and from Americd very unsafe and precarious: And that upon the Petitioners making out the Allegations in their Petitions* before a Committee of the whole House; which; as the Petitioners apprehend, they did, to the intire and unanimous Satisfactkm of the House, this House came to the following Resolutions: " That it is the natural and undoubted Right of the British Subjects to fail with their

Ships on any Part of the Seas of America, to and from

" any

251

26° Februarii. A. 1738.

Collection of County Rates, &c.

Commercial Dispute# with Spain.

" any Pari of his Majesty’s Dominions; and that the " Freedom of-Navigation and Commerce had been " greatly interrupted by the under Pretences

" altogether groundless and unwarrantable; and that an " humble Address be presented to his Majesty, humbly " beseeching his Majesty to use his Royal Endeavours " with his Catholick Majesty to obtain effectual Relief to his injured Subjects, and for the future Security of the " Trade and Navigation, which they have an undoubted "Right to by Treaties, and the Law of Nations:" And that his Majesty, upon such Address being presented, was graciously pleased to allure the House, That he would make use of the most proper and effectual Means to procure Justice and Satisfaction to his injured Subjects, and for the future Security of their Trade and Navigation: And that a Convention hath been entered into with the Crown of Spain: And representing to the House, That the Petitioners are greatly concerned to find the Spaniards,(o far from giving up their groundlefsPretences to a Right of flopping and searching the|fln7?y7/ Ships upon the American Seas, trading to our ownColonies, as to insist on having the same difeufled and settled by the Plenipotentiaries appointed by the Two Crowns, without ftipnlating the least Security to desist from this unwarrantable Practice during the time limited to settle the fame; and recommending to the Confederation of this House, whether to allow a Point so indisputably clear, both by the Law of Nations, and all the Treaties subsisting between the Two Crowns, to be brought into Question, may not be attended with the most dangerous Consequences; and, if the Spanish Plenipotentiaries should be inllructed never to give up their pretended Claim, would not leave the Trade of the British Subjects to our own Plantations in America more tinfafe and precarious: And therefore praying the House will be pleased to take into Consideration the great Importance of our Trade to and from our own Plantations in America; the clear and indisputable Right which we have to enjoy it, without being flopped, visited, or searched by the Spaniards, on any Pretence whatsoever, or left under any Restriction; or even if the Freedom of this Navigation should continue much longer in this State of Uncertainty.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the January

14, 1739, N. S. and the separate Articles belonging the reunto, with the several Ratifications thereof.

Ordered, That the Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, in their General Quarter Sessions assembled, which was presented to the House the 8th Day of this instant February, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Robert Sir John

Jleathcote, Mr. Brawston, Mr. White, Mr. Mr.

Bradshaw, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Bold, Mr. Byrig, Brigadier Handafyd, Mr. Earle, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Fane, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Montagu, Sir Miles Stapyl-ton. Lord Limerick, Mr. CMr. Compton, Mr. Grenville, Dr. Butler, Mr. Brifiow, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Carew, Sir Wm. Jleathcote, Mr. More, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Hen. Archer, Mr. Hay, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Tucker, Mr. , Sir John Rushout, Mr. Lindefay, Mr. Balle, Mr.

ton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. John HMr. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Perl'ons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of George Packer, Richard Farr, Thomas Ross, and Thomas Roach, of the City of Bristol, Owners of the Ship Sarah, JafonVaughan, Master, in behalf of

themselves, and others, interested in the said Ship, her 22

Cargo, and Freight, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, on the ift Day of June, in the Year 1738, the said Ship failed, fully laden, from the Island of Jamaica, directly for the Port of Bristol; but, after attempting the windward Passage for about Seventeen Days, without Silccefs, was obliged to return, and make her Voyage through the Gulphof Florida: And, on the 29th Da}r of the same Month, in the Latitude of Twenty-four Degrees and Twenty-eight Minutes, as the said Ship was proceeding on such her Voyage, and being then about Fifty-five Leagues distant-from the West End of the Isle of Cuba, the was, with her whole Cargo, seized by a Spanish Man of War, and carried into the Havanna, there condemned as a Prize, contrary, as the Petitioners prefame, to the Law of Nations, and the subsisting Treaties; the Value of which said Ship and Cargo, at the Time of such Seizure* as the Petitioners are advised, was Nine thousand Pounds Sterling, and upwards: And that the Master and Mariners of the same Ship were imprisoned, and otherwise most inhumanly treated by the Captors, and carried by them into Old Spain, where the said Master yet continues a Prisoner: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to hear the Petitioners, by themselves, or Counfel, and grant such Relief thereupon, as to the House shall seem meet. '

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the Pardo, January 14. 1739, N. S.; and the separate Articles belonging the reunto, with the several Ratifications thereof: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard upon their Petition, by themselves, or their Counsel, before the said Committee;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, 'by leaving out the Words, " And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be.heard upon their Petition* " by themselves, or their Counsel, before the said Com-w mittee."

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left-out Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, KU:’ } >62-

Tellers for tl,eNoes,{"^»^ }

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the Pardo, January 14, 1739, N. S. and the separate Articles belonging the reunto, with the several Ratifications thereof.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Duties on Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; *c*

and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year 1739;

without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Murifon's, for naturalizing Jacob Hojfham Murifon and Nathanael &c. N»t. Voogd, w*ith some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Ah Afit Nadal’s, 4c. for naturalizing James Nadal and William Rent Morin, *at. with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew. . '

A Message

12 Geo. II. 2 6° Februarii. 253

Hoyal a (lent A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, also in behalf of his Majesty’s Subjects in Georgia, for to a Bill. Gentleman UYher of the Black Rod: whose Safety and Welfare the Petitioners are deeply

Mr. Speaker, concerned.

The King commands this honourable House to attend Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers. Consideration of the Committee of the whole House,

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up who are to consider of the Convention between Great to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers. Britain and Spain, concluded at the Pardo, Jan. 14,

And being returned; 1739, N* S. and the separate Articles belonging the re*

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended unto, with the several Ratifications thereof, his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was

pleased to give the Royal Assent to the Bill, intituled, Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his State of An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give America* Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Directions, That there may be laid before this House, Coloaie*. England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties a Copy of a Memorial or Representation from the upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to his late Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year Majesty, or his'Secretaries of State, dated the 20th of 1739. December 1722, upon the Spanish Ambassador’s Com-

plaint, relating to a Fort then lately built by the Go*

Colony of A Petition of the Trustees for establishing the Colony vernor of South Carolina.

Georgia, of Georgia, in America, was presented to the House, and Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to

read; setting forth. That his Majesty, by his Royal his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Charter, bearing Date the 9th Day of June 1732, grant- Directions, That there may be laid before this House, a ed to the Petitioners, and their Successors for ever. Copy of a Memorial or Representation from the Corn-Seven undivided Parts of all those Lands, Countries, missioners for Trade and Plantations, to his Majesty, or and Territories, in that Part of South Carolina in A me- his Secretaries of State, dated the 20th of June 1728, rica, which lies from the moll Northern Stream of the touching the State of his Majesty ’s Possessions in Ame-Savannah River, all along the Sea Coast to the South- rica, disputed by the King of Spain. ward, unto the most Southern Stream of the Alatamaha Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his River; and Westward, from the Heads of the said Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di-Rivers, in direct Lines, to the South Seas, with the reftions. That there may be laid before this House, a Islands in the Sea, lying opposite to the Eastern Coast of Copy of a Memorial or Representation, from the General the said Lands, within Twenty Leagues of the fame; all Assembly of South , to his Majesty, touching

which his Majesty thereby made, erected, and created, the State and Condition of that Province, dated the 5th One independent and separate Province, by the Name o 1734.

of Georgia: That John Lord Carteret, the Proprietor of Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his the other undivided Eighth Part of the said Lands, Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di-Countries, and Territories, which his Majesty granted reftions, That there may be laid before this House, a to the Petitioners, by Indenture, bearing Date the 28th Copy of a Memorial or Representation from the Truf-

Day of February 1732, granted and released all his tees for establishing the Colony of in America,

Right and Property in the undivided Eighth Part of to her late Majesty, when Guardian of the Kingdom,

\ Georgia, in the same manner, to the Petitioners, and dated the 20th of October 1736, in Answer to the Me-their Successors, for ever: And that the Province of morial of Monsieur Geraldino1736.

Georgia was granted to the Petitioners, in Trail, for Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his settling and establishing a regular Colony in the Southern Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Frontiers of Carolina, and not for any Benefit or Profit Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, whatsoever to the Petitioners: And that, by divers Sums

of Money granted by Parliament for this Purpose, and.

by voluntary Contributions, the Petitioners have been Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an SpMith enabled to fend, at several times, poor British Subjects, Account of all Monies received by the Agents of the captured and foreign, perfected, and other Protestants, to settle Captors of the Ships, 1 aken in the Year 1718, Skip*

1 in Georgia; who, as well as others that went thither at on account of the said Ships, and the Stores thereof; their own Expence, have erected Houses, and cultivated an<^ h°w Monies have been disposed of

Lands, in several Parts of the Province, and particularly

in the Northern and Southern Parts thereof: And A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Welhniufter whereas, in a Letter from Monsieur Geraldino, then Church of St. Peter, Westminster, being offered to be Abbey. Agent for the King of Spain, to his Grace the Duke of presented to the House;

Newcastle, bearing Date the 21st of September 1736, a Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Copy whereof was sent to the Petitioners, by Command Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, of her late Majesty, when Guardian of the Kingdom, for being informed of the Contents of the said Petition, the Petitioners Answer thereto, it is asserted. That the recommends it to their Consideration:

Colony of Georgia, being to the Southward of the Colony Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; set-

of Carolina, is, without Dispute, on the Territories of ting forth. That the said Collegiate Church came into the King his Mailer: And whereas by a Convention the Hands of the first Dean and Chapter unfinished, between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the and, by Length of Time, and Uadness of Materials be-Pardo the 14th of January Jail, N. S. it is agreed, that came so decayed, that, in the Eighth and Ninth of IV the Regulation of the Limits of Florida and Carolina liam the Third, in regard to its being of antient and should be committed to Plenipotentiaries, to confer and Royal Foundation, an annual Sum, for a certain Term of finally regulate the respective Pretensions of the Two Years, was granted by Parliament, towards repairing Crowns, according to the Treaties therein mentioned: the fame, under the Direction of the Chancellor of the That therefore the Petitioners, in Discharge of that great Exchequer, the Lord Chief Justice of the King’s Bench,

Trull which his Majesty has been graciously pleased to and the Dean of Westminster, who were appointed Com-repose in them, and being fully satisfied of the undoubted missioners for that Purpose: And that, by an Act passed Right and Title'of the Crown of Great Britain to the in the Ninth of Queen Anne, a Sum of Four thousand said Province of Georgia, think it their indispensable Pounds per Annum, for a certain Term of Years, was Duty to lay this State of their same before this House; ' granted to the said Commissioners, towards repairing and to implore their Protection in behalf of this Part and finishing the Collegiate Church of Peter, West-of the Dominions of the Crown of Great Britain, in minster, and the Chapels of the fame; and, in order to America,intruded to the Care of the Petitioners; and the Finishing of it, as directed by Parliament, Sir Vou 23. ' 3T Christopher

k ’Iiiu ’i

154 26° Februarii. A. 1738.

Christopher Wren, the then Surveyor, formed a Design of erecting a Spire on the middle Tower, a model of which he then prepared, and a Draught of which, with the rest of the intended Buildings, has been laid before the House: And that, by Acts passed in the Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Tenth, and Eleventh Years.of his present Majesty, the several Sums of Four thousand Pounds each Year have been issued and applied towards carrying on the said Work; and a considerable Progress has beeu made therein; and an Account, how the Money has been expended, has been annually laid before the House; and that the Ten Houses on the North Side of the said Church, usually leased out like other Tenements, by Act of Chapter in the Year 1731, have been debarred from any farther Renewal, with Intent to pull them down, for the Security and Ornament of the said Church, as soon as they shall come into their Hands by the Expiration,or sooner Determination, of their Leases: And that the Two Prebendal Houses, handing on the same Side of the said Church, the Dean and Chapter will agree to pull down, and provide others in lieu thereof, if they may be enabled to do the -fame, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet: That all the Monies already granted being expended, the said Works are now at a Stand; which the Petitioners humbly fub-mit to the Consideration of the House; being highly sensible of the Favours already conferred on the said Collegiate Church, as well by the present, as by former Parliaments: And for the Continuance of which they pray.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to ‘whom it is referred to consider further,of the Supply

granted to his Majesty.

St.M&rgaret’s A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Vestry-

Westmmilcr men, and others, Inhabitants of the Parish of St.

Church. garet, Westminster, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Parishioners, being offered to be presented to the House j

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, being informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to their Consideration:

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; exprelBng the Petitioners grateful Sense of the Favour of the -House, by granting them a Bounty of Three thousand Five hundred Pounds for repairing their Parish Church and Tower; and representing to the House, That One Side of the said Tower, which -was repaired feme Years ago, which appeared fair to the Eye, and was thought to be in a Condition to (land, was, on taking down the other Parts thereof, found to be so greatly decayed, that there was an absolute Necessity to pull down and rebuild that also: And that, on examining what Repairs were necessary for the Support of that Part of the Roof over the grand or middle Isle of the said Church, which was built of Chesnut, the Whole was . found to be so greatly perished, that it seemed rather to be the Interposition of Providence, than any Strength of the Building, that prevented any Accident by its. falling in: And that, to these Two impossible to be fore- seen Accidents, it is owing, that the Petitioners have not only expended the whole Sum grauted by Parliament, but have exceeded the fame, by One thousand Five, hundred and Ninety Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Five . Pence, without having done any thing towards the Repair of the Roof over the South Isle, which is very much, if not totally, decayed: And that the Circumstances of the said Parish, by the Loss of its most wealthy apd,principal Inhabitants, and the great Number of empty Houses therein, which is fully evinced by their Land Tax last Year, which, with a Ke-assessment, amounted to Three Shillings in the Pound; and, though the whole Parish is assessed as equally as possible this Year, yet the whole Assessment produces, if all received, the Sum of Five hundred Forty-eight Pounds Six Shillings and Three Pence, less than the Quota charged on the said »5

Parish, at a time when they labour under a large Debt for their increasing Poor; make it impracticable' for the Petitioners to raise a sufficient Sum on themselves, either for the Payment of their Exceedings, or for what yet remains needful to be done to the said Church:

And therefore praying the House will be pleased, by their further Bounty, to enable them to discharge their former Exceed fogs; and to do such other Reparation to their said Church, as may make it both fit and safe to receive so august an Afferably as the Representatives of the Commons of Great when, and so often as, they shall please to honouf the same with their Presence; the Expence whereof, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, the Petitioners fubinit to the Consideration of . the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply

granted to his Majesty. ’

A Petition of the Royal African Company of African

being offered to be presented to the House; Company*

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, being informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to their Consideration:

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth. That the House' having, upon a full Examination and Consideration of the State of the Trade to Africa,granted, in the last Session of Parliament,

the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, towards the Maintenance of the British Fprts and Settlements belonging to the Petitioners there, the said Sum hath been ap*

Elied accprdingly: And, it having appeared to the louse, that the said Forts and Settlements cannot he supported, and the Trade preserved, without the Ai4-of Parliament, therefore praying, That such further Provision may be' made in the Preroifes, as to the House shall. seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Roy al African Company of England do lay before this House, the Establishment for their several Forts and Settlements on thp Coast Qf Africa, with the Charges thereof. For the Year 1738; distinguislnng ’ how much of the fame'is'on the Account of Trade, and how much for the;Maintenance and Defence of the find Forts and Settlements; and also an Account how the Money, granted in the last Session of Parliament, towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlement^ hath been disposed of.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charges of the Royal African Company of England, for the Maintenance of the several British Forts and Settlements belonging to the said Company on the Coast of Afriqa, for the Year 1739, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the proper Offiqers do lay before tips Leather

House, an Recount of all Leather, manufactured aryl exported, unmanufactured, which hath been exported, by Debentures, out of the Port of London, from thp ?4th oijune 1736 to tl^e 24th of June 1738; together with the Drawbacks that have been aflow.ed arid, paid thereon; distiu-guithing each Year; apd what has been alloyved and paid on each particular Sort of JLeatber. '

Ordered, That the proper Officers dp lay before this House, ah Account of all Leather, manufactured, and unmanufactured, which hath, been exported, by Debentures, out of that Part, of Great Britain galled England, from the 24th of June 1737 to- the 24th of- June 1738; together with what Sums of Money have beer> allowed and paid by way of Drawback, thereon,; the particular Sums which ha-vp bapn afipwpd, and pajd on epch particular Sogtof Leather.

"The Qrfters of the Day befog read

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Way* night, resolve itself into a Committee of the \yhole and Means,

House,

11 Geo. II.

X_

2 6° — 2 7 ° Februarii.

*§5

Lawsrespecting tanned Leather.

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty,.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-ofPiivilege*. tiofis he adjourned.

And then the House" adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2!J0 Februarii J

Antio iz^ Georgii II41 Regis, 1738.

Praters.

PETITION of the Cordwainers of the Towa-of Northampton; and also,.

A-Petition of the Cordwainers of the Town of Can\-bridge;and also,

A Petition of several Mailers, Workmen, audothers, belonging to the Company of Cordwainers, within the Borough-of Warwick, in-tlte County of Warwick in behalf of themselves,-and all other their Brethi'en Cordwainers, throughout Great Britain’, and also,

A-Petition of the Cordwainers of the Borough, of niton, in the County of Devon; and also,

A*Petition of the Shoemakers and Tannery, whose Names are thereunto-subscribed, within the Borough of Marlborough, in the County of Wilts;, and also,

A Petition of the Cordwainers,.Sadlers, and Tanners, of the-antient Town and Borough of Bishop's > in the County of Salop, whose Names are thereunto, subscribed, in behalf of themselves and-their Brethren; and also,

A Petition of the Cordwainers of the Tgwn of Wan, ‘|n the County of Salop; and also,

A Petition of the Shoemakers, Clog-makers, Pattea-makers, and other Manufacturers of Leather, in the City Of Bridol; and also,

A Petition of the Cordwainers of the Town of Harwich; and also,

A Petition of the Shoemakers, and other Manufacturers of Leather, of the Borough and County of Derby, and also,

A Petition of the Company of Cordwainers, in and about the City of Norwich, and County of the same City; and also,

A Petition of the Shoemakers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, within the Borough of tinn, in tire County of Wills; and also,

A Petition of the Subscribers, being Persons using tire Faculty or Business of Sadlers and Cordwainers, in tire Port, Town, Borough, and Corporation, of Liverpool*, in the County Palatine o i Lanand also,

A Petition of the several Cordwainers, whose Names Are thereunder subscribed, inhabiting in, or residing near, -the Borough of King’s Lynn, in the County of Norfolk; Were severally presented to the Hoyfe, and read; against the Bill, now depending in the House, to obviate certain Doubts, which have arisen, upon the Construction of the Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather.

' And the said Petitions were severally ordered to Ije-wp-

on the Table, until the said BUI be read-a Second time.

» ( *

A Petition of several Artificers in Leather, in the West Part of Hampshire,arid? forae* Part of Dorsetjkirci whose

Naroefi-and respective Trades are therenato-subscribed, on behalf of tliemfetres, and*many otherS j> and alfv

Vol. 23.

A Petition of several Shoemakers, Sadlers, Girrllers, Lawsrvfped-Bellows-makers, Leather Clog-makers, Patten-makers, ing tanned and Coblers, in and about the Town of Taunton, in the Leatiier* County of Somerset, whose Names are thereunto fiib-scribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others \ and also,

A Petition of several Shoemakers, Sadlers, Collar-makers, Leather Clog-makers, Patten-makers, and Coblers, in and about Hungerford, in the County of Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf Qf themselves, and many others; and also,

A Petition of the Shoemakers, in and about the Cities of London and Wefivninfier, and Liberties thereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others; and also,

A Petition of several Shoemakers, Cordwainers, Sa«f-lers, Girdlers, Curriers, Leather Clog-makers, Patten-makers, and Coblers, in and about the City of,

and adjacentTowns and Parishes in the County of cefier, whose Name^ are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others; and also,

A Petition of several Shoemakers, Sadlers, Gird!erf.

Leather Clog-makers, Patten-makers, and Coblers, in and about Kirkby in Kendall, in the County of Westmorland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, oq behalf of themselves, and many others; and also,

A Petition of several Shoemakers, Tanners, Leather-fellers, Sadlers, Leather Clog-makers, Patten-makers, Collar-makers, and Coblers, and other Dealers and Artificers, in Leather, in and about the City of Canterbury, on the behalf of themselves, and many others; and glf<v A Petition of several Shoemakers and Coblers, in and about the County of Norfolk, and City of whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf themselves, and many others;

Were severally prefeuted to the House, and rea<f; representing to the House, That the Petitioners find great Convenience and Advantage io being Applied by the Curriers, and other Dealers m Leather, tyith Parts of Hides and Skins: And praying Relief.1

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to He upon the Table, until the Bill to obviate certainPoubts

which have arisen upon the Construction of the Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William a/id Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James, the First, concerning tanned Leather, be read a Second time.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That, their Answer to

Addresses of Yesterday.That his Majesty would be gra- Adresse*. ciously pleased to give Direction$, That theipi might be

laid before this Hottfe, Copies, of the several Memorials or Representations therein mentioned, had been, presented tp hisM^efty; and that his Majesty had; commanded’ him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Ditto.

The House being informed, tint Mr. Sparke, Ac-comptant to the Royal African Company England, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at ttie Bar, prefeuted to the . House, pursuant to t heir Order,

The Establishment of the Royal African Compaay of England, for their several Forts and Settlements on the Coastpf Africa,with Uie Charges thereof, for t he Year 1738; distinguishing how much of the same is on the Account of Trade, and, l uow much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Settlements; and aBb, An Account how the Money, granted in the last Session t of Parliament, towards the Maintenance of the said Forts . pad-Settlements, hath been disposed of; and also,

- A a Eft im ate of the Charges of the Royal A/xioan < Company of England, for the Maintenance of the fetde-1 -rat Britfk Forts and Settlements, belonging to thftfeid - Company, on the Coast of Africa, far the Year And then he withdrew.

And

African

Company.

Fjfidd,

Road*

Lincoln

Roadi.

256 270 Februa 1738.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers ace bound up with the other Papers ofthisSession.

Mr. Packer reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from in the County of Berks, to Saint John's ,in the County

ofGlouceJier\and also of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and other Persons, living in, near, and usually travelling through, a Road leading from an House called the &oan Alehouse, in the County of Berks aforesaid, near New Bridge, in the same County, to an Inn called the Hind's Heady in the Parish of Kingston in

the said County of Berks; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And to prove the Allegations thereof,

The Title of the aforesaid Act, passed in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty, and the Clause for continuing the same for Twenty-one Years, were read.

Then the Petitioners called,

Mr LionelRich: Who said. That the Road appointed

to be repaired by the said Act, was Fourteen Miles in ‘ Length; and, notwithstanding Nine hundred Pounds, borrowed upon the Credit of the Toll, and the annual Sum collected, have been laid out in repairing the said Road, the same is, in many Places, in a very ruinous Condition.

He also laid before the Committee, an Account, by wTiich it appeared. That, by a Computation, the annual Income of the said Toll was only £.320, the annual Expence £.iti; and that there now remains a Debt, upon the Credit of the Toll, of £.1,102. 8s. 6d.-, which Sum, he laid, could not be paid, and the Road kept in Repair, unlefo a further Term was granted, and the Toll increased.

Mr. Robert Cornish, and Mr. Thomas Hullcomb, being severally examined, said. That the Road from the Hinds Head Inn, to the Swan Alehouse, which is Two Miles in Length, is in a very bad and ruinous Condition, notwithstanding the Statute-work has been always performed upon the fame.

Mr. John Nash laid. That that Part of the Two Mile Road aforesaid, called the Wash, he, as Tenant to a particular Estate, was obliged to keep in Repair; and that the same is very often so much flooded, that Passengers are obliged to go over in Boats; but that the same has been so this 40 or 50 Years.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Fyfield, in the County of Berks,to Saint John's Bridge, in the County of Glou-

ccjter; and for repairing the Roads from a House called the Sign of the Swan, to an Inn called the Hinds Head, in the Parish of Kingston Bagpuze, in the said County of Berks: And that Mr. Packer, Mr. Archer of Berkshire, Mr. Bathutfi, and Mr. Chester, do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of many Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Persons, travelling from the North West Parts of the County of Lincoln, to the Wolds, or North Raft Part thereof, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them.

to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows;

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, the following Witnesses were called; viz.

William Garihfide said. That he knows the Road from the North-West Parts of the said County of Lincoln, unto the Wolds, on the North-East Parts thereof, leading through the several Parishes of Nettlam Field,

Lane, and Baumber Fields; and that the same is in very bad and ruinous Condition, and dangerous for Passengers to travel; and that he sent up feme Saddle-horses, and it was with great Difficulty that they passed through the fame:

That the Inhabitants of the said several Parishes have been at some Expence in repairing of the said Road: and that they were indicted by the Grand Jury; and that he was present in Court at the same time, and they pleaded they could not repair the fame, for want of proper Materials for that Purpose, having nothing butW ood and Mud to make use of, which, in a short time, made the Road rather worse than better:

That when the Road betwixt and

was inclosed, it lay in a Ridge and Furrow, and was grazing Land; and believes it is between Thirty and Forty Years since it was inclosed: And said, That, when he came that Road about a Fortnight agone, he wan obliged to go by the Fens, which is a great Way about, rather than bring his Horses ..

That it is a great Waggon Road; but, by reason of the Badness thereof. Carriages cannot pass through the fame; but, if made passable for them, he apprehends that it will be a great Advantage to the Trade of the City of Lincoln, and the several Market Towns adjacent thereto.

David Briggs confirmed the Evidence given by the former Witness, and said, That he, some time since, came over the Fens with Horses, to avoid Wragby Lane, apprehending it not safe for him to come that Way with them: And that he has often gone through Wragby Lane; and that it is the wortt Road he ever travelled in his Life-time; and that there are no other Materials but Wodd and Mud to repair the fame.

Henry Billon, being examined, said. That he knows the Roads, especially about Mintinge-, and that they are extremely bad; but that he has seen Gravel laid there, but that it was soon buried in the Clay; and that the Roads Hill continue veiy bad; and that Personsare obliged to fetch Gravel Three Miles, in order to repair the fame.

Edward Burton said, That the Roads are very bad, and impassable in the Winter Season, and scarce passable in Summer, by reason of the great Holes lying in the said Roads, where Carriages are often overthrown: And that he has heard, that the Parishes where the said Roads do lie were indicted, about Three or Four Years since; and afterwards observed Work done in the Repairs of the said Roads; but that they were soon as bad again, for want of proper Materials for the Repairs of the fame.

Thomas Cartwright said. That the Roads are very bad; but has seen Persons amending the same with Furze and Dirt; and, in a Fortnight’s time, they were as bad again as ever; and that, abontTwo Years agone, near -worth, he was stuck fail with a Coach and Six Horses; and that the Coach was in Danger to be broke to Pieces: Said, That if the Roads were repaired, it would be a great Advantage to the neighbouring Places and Towns.

John Leonard said. That he knows the said Roads, and has travelled the same severalTunes; and that they are very bad and deep; and that they have been amended in several Places; but that they were soon cut to Pieces, for want of better Materials being made use of in repairing the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Roads from the North-East Parts of the County of Lincoln,through Nettlam Field, Wrag by Lane,

and

Bristol Street*, kc

12 Geo. II. 127° Februarii.

and Baimber Fields, to the Wolds, or North^East Part, in the said County: And that Mr. Vyner, Mr. and Sir Thomas Saunderfon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. , -;

I I; ! i: ‘ r

:, A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonal of the City of Bristol, under their common. Seal,1 was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, That, by an Act of Parliament, made in the Eleventh , and Twelfth Years of, the Reign of his jate Majesty lying William the Third, intituled, An Act for the better.^e-serving the Navigation of t he Kiyers.'^row and;

and for cleauling, paving,-and enlightening, tli? Streets of the City of Bristol; it is, amongst divers other f ilings, enacted, That every Occupier or Owner of any House, ^or Houses or Lands, Chwfihwardens, and Keepers of JHalls or publick Places next adjoining to any Street or Lane within the said City, should, from time to,time well , and sufficrently pitch ot pave the Sueet before his or their Houses, Habitations Lands, Churches, Churchyards, Hails, or publick Places, respectively, mito the middle of the Street, under the Penalty thereby, intjioted: And that the Surveyor) or Surveyors of the Highways, within the several Parishes and Precincts of the said City, should have t h eCarqpf. cleanfi ngthefai d Streets, Lanes, and publick Places, within the several Parishes and Precincts for which he or they should be chosen: And that the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Surveyors of the Highways, of the said. Parishes and Precincts, should,make and settle yearly Rates or Assessments upon the several Inhabitants of the said Psmthes and Precincts, according to their several Abilities, for the cleansing the laidStreets, &c.: And that every Householder, chargeab'e with Two Pence or. more by the Weqk, to the Relief of the Pqor, and whose House adjoined to any publick Street or Lane within the- said City, from Michaelmas to Lady-day yearly, should, every Night, let or hang out Candles or Lights, in Lanthorns, on the Outlideof their respective Houses, next the Street or Lane, to enlighten the fame, for the Convenient)’ of Pallengers, from time to timers it should grow dark, until Twelve of the Clock at Night,;upon Pain of forfeiting Two Shillings for every Default; under a Proviso, nevertheless, that if the Inhabitants of any Parilli or Precinct within the said City, paying to the Poor aforesaid, or the major Part of them, should agreesto make use of Lamps, in lueli manner and fort as therein is directed, that then nothing therein contained should extend to oblige any of the Inhabitants of such Parilli or Preciuft to set or hang out any Candles or Lights before their respective Houses: And that the Injunction on Owners of Houses within the said City, to pitch to the middle of the Street, hath, since the making the said recited Act, been found, in many Instances, to be an hard Law, particularly where the Streets are very broad, the greater Part of the Inhabitants in indigent Circumstances, and the Pitching of such Streets daily torn up by unreasonable Loads carried through the fame, in Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages, with Wheels bound with Iron; thereby not only rendering the Expence of Pitching excessive, but also the Streets of the said City very ruinous, and dangerous for Passengers: And that the Right of electing Churchwardens within the said City hath sometimes been dif-puted} and the effectual making Rates for cleaning the laidStreets, hath, in consequence thereof, been likewise drawn into Question; insomuch that many of such Rates, when made pursuant to the said recited Act of Parliament, have been deemed as null and void, and many Inhabitants within the said City have refused to pay their respective Proportions thereof, to the great Impediment and Obstruction of the due cleansing the said Streets, in regard the Magistrates of the said City, in such Cases, have not, by the said recited Act of Parliament or otherwise, any sufficient Authority to enforce the Payment of such Rates: That the said City of Bristol abounds in old Buildings, fronted with Timber, and many Ovens, Kilns, Forges, Flews, and other Devices for Fires, are therein set up, and continually in Use, whereby the said City is Vox, 13.

exposed to, she Dagger of, being burnt j^L confurppd:

And that, in several Parishes within the' laid City, more especially in those lying within its Suburbs, there reside very few Rerfons who pay Two Pqqce a, Weak tjo the Poor,; under wli^chCir^uxnftance, the Expence pfierp$-ing and maint^ining, a, fuiljcient of pubiic^c

.Lamps, in such ParishesJL too heavy,on(#ftb of the inhabitants tl)ere, vvhp ^cogtpibu^,tO[^(^en^ty:e of the Poor;. and, iq. Default; of ei;e^ing-^nd n)^injtai<|-f.ing publick; Lamps;apd/pr, want of an e^ftual Metliejd for th(? -establishing, ajqd jye]l,go>ynyngitpf a nightly Watch, within the^'jerai, Parties

.said City in general,-jt|ieQitizepjf and j^qbitants theffqf areeyer ex.i ofed to tjhe, Dgng^r, ohEi^ Murders,lijpjl-glaries, Rqbberie^apd qther -Qujr^ggra qnd.Dilbrder^:

And that- the Petitiop£rs expend vei)yc©qf^lej*gbfeQu^j|-tities of Hay w ithin the said City;, whicIq.hftHgibropght tluther in Waggons and Carts, an<i piif,ch^fed. by cpjn-puted Tons and Half Tons, the petitioners frequency find themselves very; much iinposed on^therein r.\Ail which Grievances, Inconveniences, and i fleets, the Petitioners represent tq the Houses qnd pray. That the . same may be rectified and supplfed,/or the common i

Ifehefit of the antient City of such qffejftnal

manner as t the House shall seem meet.

Ot dered, T\y<it the said Petition be referre|d to the $on-fideration ot a Committee: And that th,ey do examine the Mai ter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear ,lo them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir AhrahamElton, Mr. Cofer, Mr Scrope, Mr. Fane, Mr. How, Mr. Wilmington, Lord Harm) Pmolett, Mr. Walker, Mr. Mr.

Dr. Bu(.ler, Sir Edmund Bacon, Ix>rd Limerick, Mr gott, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Bladen, Mr. Holden, Lord

Middlesex, Mr. Noel, Mr. ‘Gyblton, Sir John Barnard,

Mr. Burchett, Mr. Mackworth, Sir Nicolas Mr.

Hales, Mr. Par fans. Mi'. Scawen, Sir Jof. Pennington,

Mr. Lloyd, Sir John Turner, Mr. Finch, Mr. Loathes,

Mr. Drummond, Mr. Proby, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Roto-ney, Mr. Earle, Sir JohnIieathcote, Mr.

Mr. Corbett, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Mr.

Sloper, Mr. Knight, Mr. Gibson, Mr. , Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Edgcumb, Mr. Colonel

Sir John Noi'ris, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Mr.

Brerefon, Mr. Montagu, Mr. More, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Compton, Sir Wm. Carew, Mr. Chaffin, Mr.

Walter Lloyd, Sir Charles Mordaunt, M Mr.

Long, Mr. Blackett, Si.* Thomas Hales, Sir Francis Child,

Mr. Bramfion, M\.Cartwright, Mr Mr. Mon-

son. Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Ongley, Dr.

Mr. Alderman Parsons; and all the Members who serve for the Counties ol Somerset, Gloucester, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they iiave Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to enable John Crouch Esquire, eldest Son of Crouch’s Pyke Crouch Esquire, deceased, and the Heirs Male of Name, his Body, to take and ofe the Surname of Pyke, pursuant to the Will of John Pyke, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Braht-ston, Sir Robert A tidy. Sir James Grant, Mr. Knight, Mr.

Monjon, Mr. Holden, Mr. Walker, Mr. Turner, Mr.

Archer, Sir Francis Child, Lord Limerick, Mr.

Jon Earle, Mr. Price, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr/ Longueville, Mr. Carew, Mr. Lockyer, Sir Robert.

Broum, Mr. Steuart, Mr. Leheupe, Mr. Wardour,

Mr. Tinfitfs. Mr Complon, Mr. Hay, Dr.

Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. CarmicSir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Butler, Mr. Stephenson, Mr. Bijfe, Mr.

Hucks, Lord Gallway, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr.

Harley, Sir Eduard Dering, Mr. Mr.

Smith, Mr. Chamberlayne, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Robert Harley, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Medlycott, Mr:

Corneicall, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Mr. Bathurf,

Mr . Scawen, Mr. Ongley', and alhthe Members who serve for the County of Essex: And they are todneet

3 U this

Relief of

insolvent

Debtors,

Expiring

Laws*

Punching Mutiny and Desertion.

Laws respefling tan* netl Leather,

458 i’f^*~ii%0Februarii. A, 1738.

this Afternoon, ait Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Hay presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for explaining an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for Relief of insolvent Debtors; and for amending the same Act, and so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, as extends the Benefit of the said Act for Relief of insolvent Debtors to Creditors, whose Debtors were committed to Prison since the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty, and were detained there upon the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-six, and had chose to continue there; with respect only to such Debtors as, by virtue of the said Acts, or either of them, have been 'Compelled to deliver up their Estates and Effects to their Creditors: And the same was received; and read the 'First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring: And to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Lord

Wallingford, Mr. Knight, Mr. Roumey, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Bold, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Hooper, Mr.

Mr. Campbell, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Master, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Hedworth, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Earle, Mr. Butler, Sir James Grant, Sir John Turner, Mr. Leheupe, Mr. Sir

Curzon, Mr. Hales, Mr. Bram/lon, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Arundell, Mr. Mr. Mr.

White, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Jiungerford, Mr. Tower, Sir Francis Child, Sir JohnHeathcote, Mr. Drummond, Mr.

Pigott; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 28° die Febrtiarii;

Anno 12* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1738. Prayers.

APETITION of several Shoemakers, Sadlers, Girdlers, Bellows-makers, Leather Clog-makers, Patten-makers, and Coblers, in and about the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others; and also,

A Petition of the Wardens or Keepers, and Commonalty, of the Company of Sadlers, of the City of London; and also, -

A Petition of the Sadlers, Shoemakers, Pattea-makers, Leather Clog-makers, Bellows-makers, and Coblers, in and about the Borough of Southwark, and Places adjacent, in the County of Surry, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That the Petitioners find great Convenience and Advantage in being *4

fiipplied by the Curriers, and cither Dealers in Leather, with Parts of Hides and Skins: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table until the Bill to obviate certain Doubts, which have arisen upon the Cortftruftion of the Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather, be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Cordwainers or Shoemakers in and Laws re-about the Towns of Sheffield and Rotherham, iii the b-ecting tan. County of York, in behalf of themselves and Brethren j "ed Leatiier-and also,

A Petition of the Company of Shoemakers of thfe Corporation of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland; and also,

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Company of Cordwainers of the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester; and also,

A Petition of the High Master, Stewards, and Company of Cordwainers, in the City of and

also,

A Petition of the Tanners and Cordwainers of the Borough of Grampound, in the County of Cornwall; and also,

A Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Cordwainers, within the City of Chester, and also of many other Dealers and Traders in Leather, living in and about the said City, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also,

A Petition of several Shoemakers, Sadlers, Girdlers, Bellows-makers, Leather Clog-makers, Patten-makers, and Coblers, in and about Dartfoi'd and Gravrfend, in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others; and also,

A Petition of the Cordwainers of the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset;

Were severally presented to the House, and read, against the Bill, now depending in the House, to obviate certain Doubts, which have arisen upon the Construction of the Aft of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled.

An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First,

Concerning tanned Leather.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen and other Inhabitants of Bath Road* the Parish of Newton Saint Loe, and other adjacent Parities, and of the City of Bath, and other Persons living near, and usually travelling through, the Road leading from the City of Bath to IheCity of Bristol, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for amending the several Roads leading from the City of Bristol; and, by another Act of Parliament, passed in the Fourth Year of his present Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the aforesaid Act; which Acts are yet in Force, amongst others, Provision is made for amending the Road leading from Bristol, through the Parish of Bufsleton, alias Brijlington, to Bridge, alias Twiverton Bridge, alias Tiverton Bridge; but neither of the said Acts have yet been, or are likely to be, put in Execution: And that so much of the Road leading from the City of Bath to the City of Bristol, as lies in the said Parish of Newton Saint lae, between Avon Bridge aforesaid, and the GlobeTnn in the said Parish of Newton Saint Lae, adjoiningto Part of the Roads directed to be repaired by the Acts after-mentioned, by reason of the many heavy Carriages frequently passing and repafiing through the feme, is become so bad, that it cannot, by the ordinary

Courie

Chester

Medda.

.12 Geo. II. 28 0 iR$ruati tfgn

Course appointed by the Laws now ., beingfor repairing the 11 rghway^ of this Kingdom, be repaired, unless some Provision be made for that Purpose, the said Parish of New tan Saint Loe being obliged to repair upwards of Jour Miles of other great Roads lying therein: And a Petition of the CommWhoners, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put inExecutionTwo Acts ;of Parliament therein mentioned, for repairing and en-. larging the Highways between the Top of King's Down Dill and the City of Bath,a.nA also several Highways leading to and through the said City; and for other Purposes in the said AS mentioned: and also several Inhabitants of the said City, and other Personslivingin,near, and usually travelling through, the RoadsleadingfromtheTopof Old. Down, alias Odd Down,to Danker ton Bridge, and to and

from Bath Easton Bridge, to a Gate at the farther End of Banner Doa n, alias BathenDown, and from the Top of Claverton Dozen, alias Clarion Dozen, to New Bridge 5 having been presented to the House, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the lermand Powers granted and continued by the said former Atts in the said Petition mentioned , and for the effectual repairing the additional Roads aforesaid and for Other the Purposes therein mentioned j therefore praying, That in the Bill to be brought in, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition, such Provision may be made for the effectual repairing so much of the said Road leading from Bath to Bristol, as lies between Avon Bridge aforesaid, and the Globe Inn in the Parish of Newton Saint Loe aforesaid, as to the House shall seem meet, notwithstanding the said A6fcs for amending the several Roads leading from the City of Bristol.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, (appointed to put in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, One of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Fiift, for repairing and enlarging the Highways between the Top of Kitigs down Hill and the City of Bath, and also several Highways leading to and through the said City; and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; and also of several Inhabitants of the said City, and other Persons living near, and usually travelling through, the Roads leading from the Top of Old Down, alias Odd Down, to DunkerUn Bridge, And from Bath Easton Bridge to aGate on the further End of Banner Down, alias and from the Top of Claverton Down, alias Clarion Down, to New Bridge over Camber Brook; is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof-, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Hill Morion, in the County of Warwick, and also of divers principal Inhabitants of the Town |nd Borough of Northampton, and of the Parities of Creek, , and West Haddon, in the said County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, the Petitioners are Owners and Occupiers of several Lands, . through which the great Road leads from Coventry to Northampton; and that such Part of the said Road as leads through Dunfmore Heath to Hill Morton in the County of Warwick, and from thence through the Parishes of Creek, West Haddon and East Haddon in the County of Northampton, to St. James's End, in the Parish of Duston, in the said County, are become so very deep and founderous, that not only the Coaches, Carts, Carriages, and Droves of Cattle, that pal's through the fame, but also the Lives of Travellers passing that Way are in very great Danger: And that the ruinous and dangerous Condition of the said Roads arises from the great Number of heavy Carriages that daily pass that Way, the same being the main Road' from Ireland, and several of the Northern Counties j and the Expence of repairing the same will be so great, that the Inhabitants of the several Pariftus through which such Part of the find Road lies, are in nowise able to support the fiuner or emu the Repair thereof,

Voir 3jp

as the Petitioners'apprehend* ta? otllprwife effectuateti than by the Aid of this House: And therefore praying. That Lebve may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing so much of the great and main Road from Chester to the City of London, as leads through Dunfmore Heath to the Town of Hill Morton, in the County of Warwick, and from thence through the "several Parishes Of Creek, West Haddon and East Haddon, in the County of Northampton, to St. James's End, in the Parish of Duston, in the same County; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief and Assistance in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, Thfct the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to theta, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Hucks, Brigadier Handafyd, Lord Wallingford, Mr, Hay, lx>rd Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. , Colonel OvJIqzc,

Mr. Affleck, Mr. Kynaston, Mr, Shuttleworth,yir. Brush-ft on. Sir Hen. Gough,. Mr. Lloyd, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Mackworth, Dr. Butler, Lord Charles Cavendish, Sit John Peachey, Mr. Fdtei/, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Life, Sir Wm. , Mr. Trefujts, Mn Bowles, Colonel Norton, Mr. Sir Francis

Child, Mr. CItamberlaync, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Medlycolt, Mr. Kent, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Hales, Mr. Polhill; and all the Members who serve for the

Counties of Warwick, Northampto, , Salop, and

Laneafer, and for North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, Land Owners, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the County Palatine of caster,on behalf of themselves, and ot hers, Inhabitants of the same County, was presented to the House and read; setting forth, That the Fords through the River , between the Townlhipsof Preston and Pemwortham, in the said County Palatine, are, by reason of the great Freflies and Tides that have lately happened therein, so much wore, and become so deep and founderous, that his Majesty’s Subjects, when such Frelhes and Tides are out, caunot, especially in the Winter Season, pass and repass through the same on Horseback, or with Carts or Carriages, without the utmost Danger: And that several Persons have lately lost their Lives ia endeavouring to pass through the fame: And that although the Ford or Place of Passage hath of "late Years been removed from one Part of the said River to the other, as has, front time to time, been thought moll safe and convenient; yet still the new Fords or Places of Passage, by Use and Wearing, grow as deep and founderous as tile old Ones 5 so that the Passage through the said River will, in all Probability, be entirely loft in a little time, or rendered so dangerous, that few or none of his Majesty’s Subjects will venture to pass through the fame; And that the said Fords are the great and common Highway leading from the Towns o i Liverpool, Omfkirk, and other the

South-weft Parts of the said Cotmty. Palatine, unto' the' Towns of Preston, Lancaster, and the other North and North-weft Parts of the same County, and so on to Kendall, Carlisle, and the Kingdom of Scotland and a Road greatly used, and through which there is a> very great Land-carriage: And that it will be of the Utmoli ill Ccta-fequetice to the said County Palatine, and to the Trade and Manufactures thereof, and to great Numbers of Persons using the said Road, if the Passage over the said River at the Place aforesaid be loft, as in all Probability it soon mull: And that the Petitioners conceive, that the only Method of preserving a safe and convenient Passage, is, by erecting a public County Bridge oVef the said River Ribble, between the ToWnships of Prefboft and Pemwortham, at or near the old Ford ;' thdt

Expence of erecting which Bridgft and the Wings,

Ramparts,

Ribble

Bridge.

28° Febm

260

A. 1738.

Ramparts, and other Works, necessaryforthe Preservation of the fame, will, according to an Estimate made thereof, amount to the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, or thereabouts: And that, although the erecting of such Bridge will be a general Advantage to' the said County, and of great -Benefit to the Persons travelling that Road, and, in all Probability, will preserve the Lives of many of his Majesty’s Subjects; yet the Petitioners are advised, that the said Bridge cannot be erected, or Money raised for that Purpose, or for Repair of the same when built, by virtue of any Law or Statute now in being, or otherwise, than by Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to give Leave that a Bill may be brought in for'erecting a publick County Bridge over the said River, at the Place aforesaid, or at such other Place as shall be thought most convenient; and for raising Money upon the said County Palatine, for defraying the Expence thereof, or of repairing the same when built; or that the Petitioners may have such Relief as the House shall think moil proper.

The House was moved. That the 13 th Section of an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King Charles the Secohd, intituled, An additional Act for the better repairing of Highways and Bridges, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: ’

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Bold,

Mr. Master, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Mr.

vitmd, Mr. Setivyn, Mr. Mr. Sir

Wm. IJealhcote, Mr. Laivton, Mr. Mr.

Hanbury Williams, Sir Mr. Hungerjord,

Mr. Harley, Mr. Smith, Mr. Wig/ey, Mr. Lech-mere, Colonel Nortcm, Mr. Carew, Mr. Mr.

Affleck, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. , Lord Sidney

Beauclerk, Mr. Wardour, Sir John Peachey, Sir James Grant, Mr. Yorke, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. - ton, Dr. Butler, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Griffith, Mr. fujts, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr.

Lord Wallingford, Lord Robert Montagu, Sir Davers, Mr. Archer, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Charles Mor; and all the Members who l'erve for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, and Westmoreland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

Laws re- a Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are ned^Leattfer* thereunto subscribed, being Leather-feelers in the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, or Members of the Company of Leather-fellers of the City of London;on behalf of themselves, and others ex-etcifing the Trade of Leather-fellers, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, 'Was pfrefented to 4he House, and read; setting forth, That the Company of Leather-fellers is an antient Company. established by Charter; and, after paying large Sumtf of Money, and serving as Apprentices to learn that Mystery or Art, and being at farther Expence in being made free of the Company and of the City of London, the Petitioners following the Trade of Leather-fellers have no other Trade but that only to maintain themselves and Families by: And that the Petitioners Trade heretofore comfortably supported them in good Credit: And that the Laws in being, particularly that of the First of King William and Queen Mary, secured the same to them, in regard that thereby Leather-fellers, Curriers, Shoemakers, and all other Persons that dealt or worked in Leather, were at Liberty to buy, fell, cut, and convert into other made Wares, one Sort of Leather only, namely, red tanned Leather, in such manner as. therein mentioned; but that the Petitioners are of late Years greatly affected by the Curriers, and others, who have separate Trades of their own, and who have taken upon them also to cut and fell Hides and Skins,not bqing red tanned Leather* to the great Prejudice of the

Petitioners, and expressly contrary to the Laws in being:

And that, should the Bill, brought in by the Curriers this Session, pass into a Law, the Petitioners, who have never been heard on this Occasion, apprehend their only Trade will be laid open to the Curriers, who have a separate Trade of their own secured to them by Laws in being, and to vast Numbers of other Persons also, to the great Prejudice and Ruin of the Petitioners and their Families: And therefore praying the House,

That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Court-fel, against the said Bill, before! the same do pafsy or may have such other Relief as to the House Hia.ll Teem meet.

Ordered, Thatthe said Petition do lie upon the Tkble until the Bill to obviate certain Doubts, Which fctwe arisen upon the Couftruftion of the Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather, be read a Second time: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heiard upon their Petition, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

A Petition of John Moore Esquire, formerly called Mould'*

John Mould, was presented to the Houfo," and read; set- Name-ting forth. That John Moore3 late of Kentxoetl-hall, in the County of Suffolk, Esquire, deceased by his last Will and Testament, bearing Date the 26th Day of December, 1713, did devise several Manors and Eftat.es therein mentioned and described unto the Petitioner for the Term of his natural Life, on condition that he took upon him the Surname of Moore, and bore the Arms late of Sir John Moore, Knight, and Alderfoan of the City of London, decealed; Remainder to his First and other Sons severally and successively, and the Heirs Males of their several and rrspective Bodies, laufully issuing, on the like Conditions; with other Remainders over: And that, since the Death of the Testator, the Petitioner has been in Possession of all the Manors and Estates so devised to him by the said Will; and hath, in Gratitude to him, and in Compliance with, and Performance of, the Condition contained in the said Will, taken upon himself, and used the 'Surname, and bore the Arms of,

Moore, according to the Directions of the said Will:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming and establishing the said Surname and Arms on the Petitioner, and his Issue Male, in pursuance of the Will of the said John Moore, deceased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Jermyn Davers, and Mr. Affleck, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Commissioners for building a Bridge WeAmiuAer cross the River Thames, from; the Woolstaple, or there- Bridge, abouts, in the Parish of $t. Margaret, in the City of W<eft-minster, to the opposite Shofe, in the County of Surry, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are,by Authority of Parliament,impowered to agree with the Owners and Occupiers of Ground, and of such Houses* as they, or any Nine or more of them, shall judge fit to be removed, rebuilt, or pulled down, and to purchase the fame, for the more efftftual widening, and rendering commodious, the several Ways,

Streets, and Passages, oneachSidethe River Thames, to and from the intended Bridge: And that the Petitioners have proceeded to consider several Methods which ha^e been proposed, for making Ways, Streets, and Passages, more commodious, and forperfefting the Trusts reposed in them; but that some Doubts having arose in relation to the Powers now vested in the Petitioners, they are apprehensive, that thofePowers arenot fully sufficient to enable them to carry the said Design into Execu' ion, in the best and moftadvantageousmanner: And that the Petitioners have made a considerable Progress in providing Necessaries, and io carrying on the Works of the intended Bridge; and, for themore effectual Performance thereof, have coritrafted with divers able and experienced

Workmen

12 Geo. II. a8° Februarii.

261

Workmen for the furnishing Materials, and performing several Mattersrelatiugthereto: And that the Petitioners are in Hopes that it will appear, by the’Account and Papers, which they have laid before both Houses of Parliament, tltat they have, proceeded with the utmoll Care and Frugality; notwithstanding which, they find that the Fund already grantedthem will not be near sufficient to complete the said Bridge and Abutments thereof, and for performing the other Trulls reposed in them: And that the Petitioners therefore conceive, that if some further Sums were granted, and other necessary Powers were given them, they should be enabled effectually, not only to finish the said Bridge, but also to make and render commodious several Ways, Streets, and Passages, to and from the intended Bridge; and at the same time to make several convenient Passages leading to the Courts of Justice, and to both Houses of Parliament; to the great Eaie of Passengers, and the Advantage of the City of Westminster, and the Publick in general: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such further Powers and Sums as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Wager, Lord Sundon, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Winn Mr. Lord

Baltimore, Mr. Fane, Lord Fere , Lord Sidney

Beauclerk, Lord Harry Pozcletf, Mr. Earle, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Walker, Mr. Trefufis, Mr. Scazven, Mr.

Medlycott, Mr. Plump Ire, General Wade, M r. Brere ton, Mr. Brodie, Mr. Owen, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Mr.

Vere, Sir Nathanael Curzoit, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Thompson, Lord Charles Cavevdish, Mr. Bladen, Mr. Bramjton, Sir James Grant, Dr. Butler, Mr. Yorke, Sir John Rujliout, Mr. Coffer, Mr. Smith, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Polioavth, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Mr. Bevan, Sir

Francis Child, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Turner, Sir Nicolas Williams-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Suffer, Kent, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Biggie! wade, A Petition of the several Trustees appointed to put in Ac. Roads. Execution an Art of Parliament, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King the First,

intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Road from Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, to Bugden, and through Alconberry to the Top of Alconberry Hill or Cross Poll, leading into Sauteiy Lane, on the York and Edinburgh Road; and from the said Town of Bugden to the Town of Huntingdon; and from Cross Hall in Eaton Soken, in the said County of Bedford, to Great Stoughton Common, in the said County of Huntingdon; and also of several Gentlemen and other Persons living in or near the said Roads, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; felting forth. That the Trustees appointed to put the before-mentioned Arts in Execution, are impowered to borrow Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted for repairing the said Roads, and for other Purposes in the said Arts mentioned; but that the Sum so to be borrowed was not to exceed Three thousand Pounds, including the Money due on the Credit of the said Art of the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty: And that the said Sum was borrowed according to the Power so given; and -that, although the same has been expended, yet many Parts of the said Roads direrted to be repaired Temain in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually amended and other necessary Works performed, according to the Directions of the said former Arts, unless the Powers thereby given be enlarged, and the said Arts explained and made more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Vot. 23.

enlarging the Powers given by the said former Arts; and to explain and make the same more effectual; or to give the Petitioners such other Relief as to this House shall seem meet. '

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thompson Brigadier

Handafyd, Mr. Pigott, Lord Robert Montagu, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Geo. Fox, Mr. White, Mr.

more, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Winninglon, Colonel Sir Jof Pennington, Mr. Braffey, Mr. Brereton, Mr.

Walker, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. H Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Drummond, Lord Baltimore, Mr.

Tracy, Mr. Alderman Ifeathcote, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Robert llucks. Sir John Rushout, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Hors-monden Turner, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir James Grant,

Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Lord Polwarth, Lord Gage, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cartwright, Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Parfuns, Mr. Kinajton, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Scazven, Sir Francis Child, Mr.

Mr. Bold, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Yorke-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bedford, Lincoln, Huntingdon, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for l’ersons.

Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Exe- Hounslow to cution an Act, passed in the First Year of his p re Tent Basingi'tone Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road. Road from the Powder Mills on Hounfiovo Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by the said Art, several Tolls were granted, and Powers were given, lor effectually repairing the said Road; which commenced from the ill Day of May 1728, and are to continue for the Term of Twenty-one Years: And that, in pursuance of a certain Power in the said Art, Two thousand Five hundred Pounds hath been borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls; which Sum now remains unpaid; and although that Money hath been duly applied, together with the Income arising from the Tolls, towards the repairing the said Road, yet the same is at present farfrom beingsufficiently repaired; nor can such Reparation be made effectual, or the aforesaid Debt of Two thousand Five hundred Pounds be paid off, unless the Term granted by the said Art, which is half expired, be enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Art of the First Year of his present Majesty’s Reign; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the 1 Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Colonel Onslow, Mr. Scawen, Mr.

Tucker, Captain Owen, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Hay, Mr.

Harvey, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Kent, Mr. Plumptre, Brigadier Handafyd, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Tracy, Mr. FanMr.

Lejlie, Mr. Bladen, Mr. Turner, Mr. Walker, Mr. Montagu, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Halkett, Mr.

Longueville, Lord Gage, Mr. Yorke, Sir James Grant,

Sir Robert Grosvenor, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Harley, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. White, Mr. Bevan, Sir John Heathcoli, Mr.

Hucks, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Barnard; and all the Members who serve fur the'

Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, and Southampton: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to feud for Persons, Papers, and Records.

3 X A Petition

z6z 28° Febrmrii. A. 11758.

Brampton A Petition of the Farmers,<*nd others, Inhabhants of andunipropontiwi for any <gradter orddfTerSam, ffor <rfll Budge, <cc. the Parish of Brixworth, in the County of Northampton, such Money asAdlbbedb advanced, not ex«eeding‘0ne Roads. and Occupiers of thelargeOpen.Fields iuthe saidParish, thousand Pounds, as aforesaid, for: and during :the >wa-' whose Names are under-written, was presented to the tural Lives, eif! his Widow, Many Wiseman, wnd herrMo-House, and read; complaining of>a Toll-gate erected in ther Elizabeth Crouch, jointly, and to the Survivor of their said Parish, by virtueofan Act, passed in the Eighth them; and the Inbereft for the laft/Half Year, wherein Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the the last Survivor shall deceafe, to be pard to the Exe-Firli, for amending the Highways leading from Rrcm/ifon cutor or Administrator of the said last Survivor; the Bridge to Welford Bridge, in the County of Northampton; Petitioners conceive that they cannot, by any Statute and also the great Post Road from Morterpit Hill, in now in being raise the said Annuities on the present the said County, through Brixworth, Lamport, Maid- Inhabitants of the said Parish, and their Successors, by well, Kelmarsh, and Oxenden Magna, to Chain Bridge, any Rate or Tax for paying and discharging the lame; leading iuto Market Harborough, in the County of whereby the Pet itioners will be deprived of the present Leicester: And therefore praying. That if the House Means for completing the said Church: And therefore shall fee fit to continue the aforesaid Act, now near ex- praying, That they may obtain am Act, whereby <hey piring, for a longer Term of Years than is mentioned may be authorized by a Pound Rate to be charged, and therein, in order to render the same more effectual for collected by the Churchwardens, on all and every the the good Purposes intended thereby, the House would Inhabitants and Parishioners of the said Parish, and be pleased to relieve the Petitioners from those Hard- all Occupiers of Land within the said Parish, for and {hips, Damages, and Expences, they have so sensibly towards the Raising, Col I eft in g, Paying, and Dif-experieuced for Sixteen or Seventeen Years last past, by charging, of the Annuity, for the said Sum of One enacting. That the said Toll-gate in their said Parish thousand Pounds, or such Parts of the said Sum Of One may be removed to the North Side of their said Parish; thousand Pounds as shall be wanted and received for or that the Petitioners may be permitted to pass and the finishing the said Church, and such other Expences repass through the said Gate Toll-free, or by such other as may attend the fame, for and daring the natural Ways or Means as the House shall think meet. Life of the said Mrs. and the Life of Mrs.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Elizabeth Crouch, or the longer Liver of either of them; Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Petition and applying the said Sum of One thousand Pounds, of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, or such Part thereof as shall be wanted, for finishing for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed the said Church.

in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the King George the First, for amending the Highways Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exleading from Brampton Bridge to Welford Bridge, in the amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it County of Northampton; and also the great Poll Road shall appear to them, to the House. from Morterpit Hill, in the said County, through BrAnd it is referred to Mr. Byng, Mr. Corbett, Mr. worth, Lamport, Maidiveil, Kelmarsh, and Oxenden Pearfe, Mr. Hay, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Walker, Mr. Tracy, Magna, to Chain Bridge, leading into Market Ilarbo- Mr. Fane, Mr. Kent, Mr. Onslow, Sir Charles Wager, rough, in the County of Leicester; and also of several Sir Francis Child, Mr. Scatcen, Mr. Sir Edmund.

Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and other Persons, Bacon, Sir Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr.

living in or near, or travelling through, the said High- , Mr. Mr. Ingram, Mr. Drax, Mr.

ways; is referred: And that they do examine the Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Clutterbi/ck, Sir Thomas

Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear , Mr. Bold, Mr. Mr. Carew, Mr.

to them to the House. Alderman Healhcotr, Mr. Mr. Y’orke, Sir Robert Sir

Wifetnan’s A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Overseers Sir Nathanael Curzon, Dr. Butler, Mr Gybbon, Mr. Be-Boquestto- of the Poor, the principal and other Inhabitants, of the van, Mr. Laroche, Mr. White, Lord Polwarth, Mr. wards re- Parish of Woolwich, in the County of Kent, in behalf of Taylor, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Mr. Cojler, Mr. Ar-

Wochvich themselves, and the rest of the Parishioners, was pre- cher. Lord Limerick, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Parjbns,

Church*.' fented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Corneivall, Mr. Sliuttly-

Money collected, by Brief, for building a new Church worth, Mr. Burrell; and all the Members who serve for at Woolivich, in the room of the old one, and what has the Counties of Kent and Surry: And they are to meet

since been raised by other publickCollections and Con- this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

tributions, with the Three thousand Pounds given by Chamber; and they have Power to fend for Persons,

Act; of Parliament, in all the Sum of Five thousand Papers, and Records.

Three hundred Twenty-eight Pounds Sixteen Shillings

and Eleven Pence, have been expended with the utmost A Complaint being made to the House, That Notice good Husbandry; and that the Body and Steeple of of Trial hath been served upon a me-

the said new Church have been some time built, in a nial Servant of the Right honourable the Lord Harry substantial manner,* and well covered in, and the Finish- Powlett, a Member of this House, in an Action of Debt, ing begun; but that there is Hill wanting, by Estimation, wherein John Long Esquire is Plaintiff, and to complete the same, for the Performance of Divine Palmer his Attorney, in Breach of the Privilege of this Service, near the Sum of One thousand Pounds: And House;

that, as the old Church is now wholly decayed, the Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Parishioners, who are very numerous, and very poor. Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the and chiefly consist of Artificers and Labourers employed said Complaint; and to report the fame, with thCir in his Majesty’s Service, will, in a lhort time, without Opinion thereupon, to the House. some Assistance, be destitute of a Place to attend the

Worship of God: And that whereas Daniel Wiseman A Bill to enable Charles Gregory Esquire, now called Esquire, lately deceased, in and by his last Will and Charles Gregory Wade, and his Issue Male, to use the Testament, hath bequeathed a Sum of Money, not ex- Surname of Wade, was read a Second time.

ceeding One thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir C/rarks

shall be found wanting and necessary to be expended Movdaunt, Sir Edmund Bacon, LordSidncyBeauderk, Mr. and laid out for completing and finishing the said new Knight, Mr. Sandys, Sir Boynton, Mr. More, Mr.

Church proper and convenient for Divine Service, Bevan, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Scazocn, Mr. Kent, under the Restriclious and Limitations that the Church- _ Mr. Mr. Wollajton, Mr. , Mr. Fox,

wardens and Parishioners, for the time being, shall pay, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Taylor, Mr Lord Baltimore,

or cause to be paid, half yearly, an Annuity, after Mr. Hay, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Bramston, Sir James the Rate of Five Pounds for every Hundred Pounds, Grant, Mr. Monson, Mr. Walker, Mr. Archer. Lord 23 Lim&rick,

Privilege,

Gregory*!

Name.

H'Gm. II. 28° Februmi" — 1 Martii. 263

‘Litnetick, Wir. 'Price, 'Mr. Mr. ItocAy^*,

’Mr. Stewart, Mr. 0Eardour, Mr. Cotirpton, Dr. Butler, *Mr. Carmichaell, Mr. Bit tier, Mr. Bifte, Lord Mr. Hurley, M r. Kinafton, S>\r Robert , Mr. Holdeh,

Mr. Turner, Sir Francis'Child, Mr Mr. Carew, Sir Robert Brown, Mr. Mr. Trefufis,

Mr. Danvers, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mr. White, Mr.

Mafier, Mr. GUim>ille,'M.r. Fife Roy; and all 't'he Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s^Chamber.

Laws Ordered, That the Orcler of the House, of the 15th

tanned ^ay of this Instartt February, for the Second Reading of

Leather. the Bill to obviate certain Doubts, which have arisen

upon the Construction of the Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Sevennight.

High Price A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereof Coal*, unto subscribed, on the behalf of themselves, and of the Glass-makers, Brewers, Distillers, Sugar-bakers, Soapboilers, Smiths, Dyers, Brick-makers, Lime-burners, Founders, and Callico-printers, and other Traders and Inhabitants in and about the Cities of and

minster, who are Consumers of large Quantities of Coals, imported from Netvcastle, and the Northern Parts of England, into the Ports of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Price of Coals at Newcastle, and other Places in the North, hath, of late,

been greatly advanced; which, the Petitioners apprehend, isowing to payingRents for Collieries not wrought; to Wharfs or Staiths being engrossed by a few; and by other Persons being prevented from bringing Coals to, and using the fame; by giving less Measure of Coals at Newcastle than heretofore; and by reason many Persons are discouraged from working their Coal Mines, for want of convenient Ways or Roads to the Staiths, which they are refused or prevented from using, renting, procuring, or having, by Methods which tend to monopolize the fame, as well as the Coal Trade: And that, -the Petitioners conceive. Coals can be afforded cheaper than they lately have been, because they are fold in the North at a much less Price for foreign Exportation, than those shipped for the Ports of Great Britain: And that, of late, great Quantities of bad and unserviceable Coals have been imported to London, and often mixed with the good, and imposed on the Consumers at the Price of the best; and the Fitters have given Certificates of a good Sort, when the Loading was mixed with different and inferior Sorts: And that divers other extraordinary Practices have, of late, been made use of by the Fitters, which together tend greatly to the Prejudice of the Navigation, and to the Oppression of the Petitioners, and other Consumers of Coals: And that, from the large Duty on Coals imported into the Out Ports of this Kingdom, being near the prime Coll of the Coals, and of those brought into the Port of London, greatly exceeding the prime Cost, and from the Smallness of the Duty upon Coals exported to foreign Parts, Coals are bought greatly cheaper in France, Holland, and Flanders, than in London and the Out Ports, whereby foreign Manufacturers are enabled to underwork the Manufacturers of Great Britain; which, if not timely prevented, will tend to the Destruction of several considerable Branches of Trade; and consequently to the Ruin of a great N umber of his Majesty’s Subjects: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Mefolved, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House Will, upon this Day Month, Vefolve itself into A Committee of the whole House, to oonfider of the said Petition.

Vol. 23.

ThelToiffe was moved. That ‘the Copy of a Letter Seizure of from Renjahiin KVdne Esquire, to the Sub Governor of South s,-a the South )Sea Cofnpany, dated Madrid 1.3 Jan, 1739, Company’* prdfented to this HOufe the 23d Day of this Iustant r0Pert>-February, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Directors of the South Sea Company do lay before this House an Account of what re-'mairis due'to the said Company from the King of Spain, on account of the Seizures made by the King of Spain's Officers, of the Ships and Effects of the said Company, in the West Indies, in the Years 1718 and 17-27.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, punishing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Mutiny and the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for Desertion. the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Commute* tions be adjourned. *f Privilege*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, i° die Martii;

Anno 12* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1738. (

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Wardens and the rest of the LaWf

Company of Cordwainers of the Town of Bucking- respeaing ham, in the County of Bucks; and also, Le "h*

A Petition of the Shoemakers of the Town and Bo- a er’ rough of Andover, in the County of Southampton, and of the Villages thereto adjoining or belohging; and also,

A Petition of the Cordwainers iti the ancient Town and Borough of Ryegate, in the County of Surry, in behalf of themselves and their Brethren; and also,

A Petition of the Cordwainers of the Borough of Ailesbury, in the County of Bucks-,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; against the Bill now depending in the House, to obviate certain Doubts, which have arisen upon the Construction of the Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act, for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, uiltil the said Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Retell presented to the House, pursuant to their Money ex-Order, an Account of all Monies received by the Agents ported for of the CaptOrS of the Spanish Ships taken in the Year 1718, on Account of the said Ships, and the Stores thereof; and how the said Monies have been disposed of.

And the Title of the said Account Was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bouhd up with the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Frdhcis Child reported from the Committee to Ealing whom the Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Land- Church. Owners, and In habit iffits, of the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex,whose Names are thereunto sub-

feribed.

2^4

i° Martii.

A. 1738.

scribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Land-owners and Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition: And, to prove the Allegations thereof, the Petitioners called,

Mr; Thomas Anderson Who, being examined, said, That, in or about the Year 1722, the Church becoming very decayed and ruinous, the Parishioners caused the same to be carefully surveyed, by able and experienced Workmen, who then reported that the same was in so dangerous a condition, that it could not be repaired; and thereupon a Vellry was called, and an Order then made, for the erefiling of a Tabernacle; and which was accordingly erefited, by the voluntary Contribution of some of the Inhabitants of that Parish; and then the Pews were removed out of the Church, and placed in the Tabernacle; and a Faculty was afterwards granted by the Bishop of the Diocese, for taking down the Church, and for making Use of such of the Materials thereof, as were proper for rebuilding a new Church:

And the said Thomas Anderson further said. That, in the Year 1733, the Petitioners obtained a Brief for collecting Money, in order to defray the Expence of erefiting a new Church and Steeple; whereby, and by voluntary Subscriptions, the Sum ofj£. 1,547 19$. or

thereabouts, wascollefited and raised for that Purpose; all which Money was duly laid out and applied in erefiting a Shell of the Church, and rebuilding the Steeple,

The same Witness laid before the Committee, an Account of the Monies received and paid towards rebuilding the said Church; which Account was signed by the Churchwardens of the Parish, and approved of by a Vestry; whereby it appeared, That there was now due to several Workmen employed about rebuilding the Church and Steeple the Sum of 154. 14 That an Estimate, made by an experienced Workman, was laid before the Committee, of the Charges of making convenient Pews, and completing the Inside of the Church, and supplying the same with the necessary and decent Ornaments, and hanging up Bells in the Steeple; by which Estimate it appeared, That the Expences thereof will amount to the Sum of £. 1,200, or thereabouts, exclusive of the before-mentioned Sum of £.154. 14 s.remaining due to Workmen.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, to raise Money, by Rates upon themselves, for linishing the Church of the said Parish: And that Sir Francis Child, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr.

Pulteney, and Mr. Locky do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

Woollen A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Commonalty, Manufacture. Weavers, Walkers, and Clothiers, within the City of Worcester-, and also,

A Petition of the Traders in the Woollen Manufacture, viz. Clothiers, Serge-makers, Combers, Weavers, and other Inhabitants, within the Borough of Lejkeard, in the County of Cornwall on the behalf of themselves, and all others concerned in the said Woollen Manufacture throughout Great Britain;

Were Severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manu-fafilure: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Tr»cy’»

Nat.

A Petition of James Tracy was presented to the House,

and read, setting forth. That the Petitioner was born out of his Majesty’s Allegiance, but hath constantly pro-

sessed the Protestant Religion, and given Teflimouy of his Loyalty and Fidelity to his Majesty, and the Good of the Kingdom of Great Britain: And therefore praying, That the House will give Leave for a Bill to be brought in for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And »hat Mr.

Bevan and Mr. Danvers do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, whose Names are path thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and other Hotpiul. Contributors, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That Bath Waters have been found,'by long Experience, to give great Relief to Persons afflicted with divers Illnesses; but that it very often happens, that poor Persons so afflifited live at a great Ddtauce from Bath, and cannot bear the Expences of going, and attending the re, to use the said W aters; so great Numbers of Persons, by reason thereof, have been prevented from uling and trying such Waters, for their Benefit and Relief: And that the Petitioners, and divers other Persons, have contributed and raised, by free Gift, the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, and upwards, in order to erefit an Hospital at Bath, for the Relief and Support of such indigent Persons, resident in, and belonging to Great Britain and Ireland, as are not able, wit bout such Charity, to.have any Benefit from the said Waters: And that, in order, thereto, the Petitioners, and other Persons, have afilually begun to build an Hospital for that Purpose, and are now carrying on such Building; not doubting but the same will, by the present and future Subscriptions, and other Charities, be completed and continued for the Benefit of Futurity: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bdl for enabling them, and such other Persons as shall become Contributors to and for the Purpose before-mentioned, to carry on ana establish the said Delign, under such Powers and Regulations as to this House shall seem proper and convenient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Carew, Mr. Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Motif on, Mr. , Mr. Secre-

tary at War, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Bladen, Mr. Piers, Mr.

Gibson, Mr. Hay, Mr. Butler, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Lloyd,

Lord lVm. Manners, Mr. Bold, Mr. Mr. Pigott,

Mr. Harley, Mr. Edgcumbe, Dr. Lee, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Price, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Mr. Af-

fleck, Lord Tyrconnel, Mr. Bennett, Mr. Danvers, Sir John Chichester, Sir Robert Clifton, Mr. Revell, Mr. Bur-

chett, Mr. Evans, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Horve, Mr. Poulett, Lord Palmerston,

Mr. Thompson, of York, Mr. LindeJ'uy, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, cester. Wills, send Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Vestries, and In ha- st. Martin ia bitants of the several Parishes of St. Marlin in the Fields, the Fields St. James Westminster, and Saint George, Hanover St,et:ts» *c-Square, within the Liberties of the City of,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That great Part of the publick Streets, Lanes, and Alleys, within the aforesaid several Parishes, are, and for many Years have been, in a very ruinous Condition, and dangerous to all his Majesty’s Subjefits passing through the fame; of 1 which Grievance the following Reasons, the Petitioners conceive, may, among other, be assigned; ill. That many Houses within the said Parishes being untenanted, no Pavement is repaired before such Houses, during the time of their being so uninhabited; 2d. That there is a great Neglefit in several Persons who inhabit Houses, as

they

12 Geo. II. i" — 2° Martii. 265

they neither keep their Pavements well repaired, nor observe a due Level with respect to other Pavements adjoining to them, the Laws now in Force being not sufficient to oblige them to do it; 3d, That great Difor-ders are occasioned by breaking up of Pavements, by the Proprietors of the Water-works; 4th, That there is a great Neglect of Duty in the Scavengers and Rakers not keeping the Streets well swept and cleansed, as they ought to be; 5th, That great Nuifonces and Obstructions are suffered in the publick Streets, which the Laws, as they now Hand, are found not sufficient to prevent: And therefore, and in order to provide a Remedy for this Inconvenience, praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving and cleansing the Streets, Sc. within the respective Parishes of St.Martin in the FieldsSt. James, Westminster, and

St. George, Hanover Square, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Tyrconnel, Mr.

Mr. Sandys, Lord Limerick, Mr. Pturner, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Sir

Clifton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Piers, Sir Charles Wills, Sir. Brian, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Harley, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. How, Mr. Guidott, Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Hacks, Sir Wm.Heathcote, Mr. Smelt, Mr. house, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Gregory, Mr.

PUmpire, Mr. Burchett, Mr. Evans, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Edgecumbe, Mr. Bold, Sir Jof. Pennington, Lord Chetwynd, Lord Baltimore, Sir Wm. Irby, Mr. Tyner, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Whitmore, Lord Gage, Mr. Herbert, General Wade, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Fox, Colonel Duckett, Mr. Sir Robert

Rich, Mr. Boone, Mr. Digby, Mr. Thompjbn, General Tyrrel, Mr. Archer, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Sibthorp, Mr.

Bramfton-, and allthe Members who serve for the County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

York A Petition of the Governor and Company of Under-Building’s takers for raising the Thames Water, in York Buddings, ompany. was presented to the House, and read; lotting forth. That the Petitioners were incorporated by an Act of Parliament, made in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, and several Privileges were thereby granted to the Petitioners: And that the Petitioners, upon the Encouragement of an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, did contract for several of the forfeited Estates in England and Scotland, in the said Act mentioned, of the annual Value together of upwards of Fifteen thousand Pounds, and paid Part of the PurchalV money; and that, in pursuance of the said Act, and another Act, made in the Seventh Year of his said late Majesty King George the First, the Petitioners, by

franting Annuities and otherwise, have raised several urns of Money; and the Estates so purchased by the Petitioners, have been thereby greatly incumbered, and very little Benefit hath thereby aroiie to the Petitien-' ers; and all the said Purchases are not'yet completed: And that about Three hundred thousand Pounds hath been paid in, at several Times, by the Proprietors of the Stock of this Company; and the Money Dividends which have been made amongst the Proprietors do not exceed Thirty thousand Pounds; so that the present Stock of the Petitioners hath cost the Proprietors, or those whom they represent, about Two hundred and Seventy thousand Pounds, and is, at present, of little or no Value: And that several Propofols have been made by the Petitioners, and several of their Creditors, for making a reasonable Satisfaction to the Creditors of the Petitioners, who are very numerous, and whose Debts amount to above Two hundred and Fifty thousand Von- 23.

Pounds; but the said Proposals, although agreed to by great Numbers of the Creditors, have hitherto proved inelfeftual by the Non-compliance of the other Creditors; and, in the mean time, the Petitioners, and also their Creditors, are great Sufferers, by a great Number of expensive Suits in Law an^l Equity in England and Scotland: And that the Petitioners are utterly unable to make any binding Agreement between them and their Creditors, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the said unhappy same of the Petitioners into their Consideration and to enable the Petitioners to settle with their Creditors, in such manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. San-dys. General Wade, Sir Robert Mr. Laroche,

Mr. Plumptre, Sir Robert Clifton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Gib-/on. Colonel Bladen, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Richard Plumer,

Mr. Monson, Mr. Mackworth Praed, Mr. Hay, Mr.

Trenchard, Sir Geo. Oxenden, M r.SMr. Hucks,

Mr. White, Mr. Walpole, Sir Wm. Lord

Tyrconnel, Mr. Howe, Mr. Bathurst, Lord Sidney Beau-

clerk, Lord Ve re Beauclerk, Mr. Ashley, Sir Heath-

cote, Mr. Tracy Mr. Longueville, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Harley Mr. Earle, Mr. Rawlin/on Earle,

Mr. Fydell, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Taylor,

Mr. Ord, Sir Edmund I/iam, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr-Stert, Mr. Myddleton, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Harris Sir Robert Laurie, Colonel St. Clair, Mr. Maule: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all that come are to have Voices: And they have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the PonttHing whole House, upon the Bill to punish Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and er on* their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they haddirefted him to report, when the House will please to repeive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 2* die Martii;

Anno 12* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1738.

Pratxrs.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That Mr. AiJkew, cierk AffifU the Clerk’s Assistant, being at present so much in- *nt disposed with the Gout, as not to be able to attend; the Clerk therefore desires that Mr. John Naylor may be admitted toaffift him, during Mr. Aijkew's indisposition.

Ordered, That Mr. John Naylor be admitted to assist the Clerk of the House, during the present, or any future, indisposition of Mr. Aijkew, during this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Spencer and Mr. Scawen be added Brtmpton to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Trustees, Bridge, &c. whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Road*. Execution an Act, passed in the 8th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending the Highways leading from Brampton Bridge to We ford Bridge, in the County of Northampton , and also the

3 Y great

266 2° Martii. A. 1738.

great Poll Road from Morterpit Hill, in the said County, through Brixu'orth, Lamport, and Oxenden Magna, to Chain ,leading into Market

Harborough, in the County of Leicester, and also of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and other Persons, living in or near, and travelling through, the said Highways, is referred.

Woollen A Petition of the Corporation, Clothiers, Serge-makers,

Manufacture Woolftaplers, Card-makers, Combers, Weavers, and Scriblers, of the Borough of Devizes (the Woollen Manufactory being the chief Support thereof); and also,

A Petition of the Companies of Clothiers, Weavers, Combers, Dyers, and Pressers, of the City of Coventry, on behalf of themselves, and of thousands of poor Manufacturers dependent on them, and also,

A Petition of the Clothiers and Stuff-weavers of the Borough of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, in behalf of themselves, and many thousands employed by them;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.


Mould’s Sir Jermyn Davers presented to the House, according

ame' toOrder, a Bill to enable JohAfdH/d Esquire, and his Issue

Male, to take and use the Surname and Arras of Moore, pursuant to the Will of John Moore Esquire, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First time* Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Munfon’s, The House proceeded to take into Consideration the &c. Nat. Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jacob Hoffham Murifon and Nathaniel Voogd:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as

follow; viz.

Press 1. L. 5. Leave out " and:"

L. 7. After " Germany," insert " Samuel

" Cley, Son oT John Francis Cley, by Mary . ....

" born in Givrins,in Switzerland-, Andrew Grotc, Son " of Otto Grote, by Gefche his Wife, born at Bremen, 4tin Germany-, Jacob Hackman, Son of Detmer

man, by Adelheid his Wife, born at Bremen, in Ger-

" many-, and Cornelius V aal, Son of Vande

" Waal, by Elizabeth his Wife, born at Rotterdam, in " Holland:"

L. 18. After " leave out " and;"

and, in the same Line, after " Voogd," insert " Samuel "Cley, AndrewGrote, Jacob Hackman, and

*Wande Waal:"

L. 30. Leave out" and:"

L. 31. After " Voogd," insert " Samuel 44-Cley, Andrew Grotc, Jacob Hackman, and Cornelius

«.....Waal:"

Pr. 2. L. 18. Leave out the.first. " andand, after " Voogd," insert " Samuel Cley, Andrew Grote, Jacob " Hackman, and Cornelius Vande

L. 27. After " ," leave out " and;"

and, in the same Line-,-after " Voogd," insert " Samuel " Cley, Andrew Grote, Jacob Hackman, and " Vande Waal:*

In the Title of the Bill, L. 2. Leave out " and;" and, at the End of the Title, add " Samuel Cley, and " others.’*

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Lindefay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Member Ordered, That John Neale Esquire, a Member of this Jifcharged. £{oufej jn Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending

this House, for neglecting to attend his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Nadal’s, &c. Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Nut*

An Act for naturalizing James Nadal and William Rene Morin:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 1. L. 5. After " Geneva," leave out " and:"

L. 8. After " France," insert " and Charles " Delon, Son of Francis Delon, by Clare his Wife, born " at Genoa, in Italy :"

L. 19. Leave out the first "and;" and, in the same Line, after " Morin," insert " and Charles " Delon:"

L. 31. Leave out " and L. 32. After " Morin," insert " and Charles " Delon:"

Pr. 2. L. 19. Leave out " and, " and, in the same Line, after " Morin" insert "and Charles Delon:"

L. 28. Leave out " and:"

L. 29. After " Morin" insert " and Charles

" Delon:"

In the Title of the Bill, L. 2. Leave out "and," and, at the End of the Title, add " and Charles

" loti."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Laroche do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordiliips.

Ordered, That Sir John Morgan, Mr. Bennet, and Mr.

Robert Knight, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Commissioners, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed toputin ExecutionTwo Acts of Parliament, one of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen An lie, and the other of the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing and enlarging the Highways between the Top of King’s Down Hill and the City of Bath;

and also several Highways leadingtoand through the said City; and for other Purposes in l lie laid Acts mentioned; and also of several Inhabitants of the said City, and other Persons living near, and usually travelling through, the Roads leading from the Top of Old Down, alias Odd Down, to Dunkerton Bridge-, and from Bath Eafion Bridge to a Gate on the further End of Banner , alias Bathon Dowu; and from the Top of Claverton Down, alias Clarion Down, to New Bridge, over Camber Brook-, is referred.

Colonel Bladen, from the Commissioners for Trade Discussion* and Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to Wlt*) sP1,n‘ their Address to his Majesty,

Copy of a Letter to the Lord Carteret, with a Representation to his late Majesty upon the Spanish Ain-baffador’s Complaint, relating to a Fort lately built by the Governor of South Carolina; dated 20th December 1722: And also.

Copy of a Letter to the Duke of with a

Representation and State of British Possessions in America, disputed by the King of Spain, &c.; dated 20th JuueijiS: And also,

Copy of a Representation to his Majesty, from the Governor, Council, and Assembly, of South,

relating to the State of that Province'; dated 91I1

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be pernfed by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Sir

St.Catherine Coleman Churjb.

l^aws

respecting

tanned

Leather.

frauds in Gold and Silver Wares.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

12 Geo. II. 4° — 50 Mar tit. 26 7

Sir John Barnard reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Alexander Chalmers Clerk, Rector of the Parish of St. Catherine Coleman, London, James Kendall and Charles Maddijon, Gentlemen, Church-

wardens, and all'o of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and hadjdirefted him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition: And, to prove the Allegations thereof, the Agent for the Petitioners called,

Mr. William Cooper, Surveyor: Who, being examined, said, That he had viewed the Parish Church of St. Catherine Coleman, which is a very antient Fabrick, and built at fu ll with Chalk and Rubble; and finds, that the Roof, Walls, and Tower, are split in many Parts thereof: That -fds of the Roof is taken down, and -pis of the South Wall; and the Whole is in a very ruinous Condition; which, in his Opinion, should be taken down and rebuilt:

That he had made an Estimate of the Charge for rebuilding the said Church; which, upon a moderate Computation, will amount to the Sum of 700, or thereabouts, to complete the same in a substantial and Workman-like manner, and make good all Damages that may be done in taking down and rebuilding the fame, and the Expence the Parish may be put to in obtaining an Act of Parliament for the Ptirpol'es aforesaid.

It appeared to the Committee, by anOrderofVellry of the said Parish, of the 12th of 1738, which was confirmed the aoth of the same Month, that Application lliould be made to Parliament to enable them to rebuild their Church; but the Sum applied for should not exceed £.2,700.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of St. Catherine Coleman, in Fenchurch Jlreetin the City of London, to rebuild the Church of the said Parish: And that Sir John Barnard, Sir Francis Child, and Mr. Papillon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Company of Cordwainers, Sadlers, and Collar-makers, in the City of Coventry-, and also,

A Petition of the Shoemakers, and other Manufacturers of Abingdon, in the County of Berks;

Were Severally presented to the House, and read; against the Bill, now depending in the House, to obviate certain Doubts, which have arifenupon the Conllruftion of the Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for explaining Part, of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the 'Fable, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, pursuant to Colonyof their Address to his Majesty, Copy of the Representation Georgia, of the Trullees for eftyblishing the Colony of Georgia in America to her late Majesty, when Guardian of the Kingdom:

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is bound up with the other Papers of this Selfton.

Ordered, That the Proceedings of Bridge Westminster

Commissioners, from March the ill 1737-8 to BridSe

the 7th 1738-9, inclusive, presented to the House the 15th Day of February last, he referred to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the or thereabouts, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, in the City of Westminster, to the oppositeShore, in the County of Surry, is referred.

Ordered, That the Accounts of the Treasurer to, Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from June the ioth 1738 to the 14th of November following, presented likewise to the House the 15th of February last, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Contracts, file, by Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, or their Nominees, from the 9th of June 1738 to the 15th of February following, presented also to the House the 15th Day of February. last, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Revell, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. La-roche, Mr. Kent, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Stert, Mr Hay, Mr.

Clayton, Mr. Dummer, Mr. Piers, Mr. Olmius, Sir Wm.

Clayton, Capta\nPurvis, Mr. Richard Lloyd, Mr,

Captain Baker, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Woolstaple, or thereabouts in the Parish of Saint Margaret, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry, is referred.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ropues -ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Vagabond*, House, upon the Bill for the more effectual punishing &c. and suppressing of Rogues, Vagabonds, ami other idle and disorderly Persons; and for the better Relief of Lunaticks and Foundling Children.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

A Bill for the better preventing of Frauds and Abuses in Gold and Silver Wares, was read 3 Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-niglit, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Secretary at War, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Vot. 23.

Luna, 50 die Martii;

Anno i2# Georgii IIdi Regis, 1738.

Prayers.

\/|R. Bevan presented to the House, according to Tracy's Nat. XVX Order, a Bill for naturalizing James And

the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to offices and indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify them- EmpUjacau. selves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that . Purpose: And that Mr. Scrope, Mr. Francis Fane, and Mr. Herbert, of Oxford^ do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition

268 5* Marti1738.

Brampton A Petition of ^heFarmers, and otherInhabitants,of the

Bridge, &e. Parish of Spratton, in the County of ,whose

Road*. jvames are underwritten, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of a Toll-gate erected at Brampton Bridge, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending the Highways leading (romBramplon Bridge to We ford Bridgein the said County of Northampton: And therefore praying, That if the House shall think fit to continue the aforesaid Act, now near expiring, for another Term of Years, for the good Purposes intended thereby, then the House would be pleased to relieve the Petitioners from those Hard ships and Damages which they have sustained for Sixteen Years pall, by enacting. That the Petitioners may be permitted, with Horse, Carriage, and Catt le, to pass and repass through the said Gate at Brampton Bridge Toll-free.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Tin ftees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King^ George the First, for amending the Highways leading ' from Brampton Bridge to Welford Bridge, in the County of Northampton; and also the great Poll Road from Alorlerpit Hill,in the said County, through Lamport, Maidwell, Kel, and O.venden , to

Chain Bridge, leading into Market , in the County of Leicester; and also of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and other Persons, living in, or near, or travelling through, the said Highways; is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and re- port the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Woollen A Petition of the Manufacturers of Woollen Goods xi«nuf«aure. within the Borough of N, in the County of

and Parts adjacent; and also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Cloth id's. Cloth-workers, Dyers, and Dealers in Wool, within the Corporation of Leeds, and Parts adjacent; and also,

A Petition of the antient Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester;

Were Severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Decay of the-Woollen Manufacture: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Lawsrefpea- A Petition of the Shoemakers of the City of Petering tanned borough, in the County of Northampton, was presented Leather. to the House, and read; against the Bill, now depending in the House, to obviate certain Doubts, which have arisen upon the Construction of the Act, of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of lL\ng James the First, concerning tapped Leather.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

St. Nicholas Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee to whom Church at the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, principal Worcester. an(] other Inhabitants, of the Parish of St, Nicholas, in the City of Worcester, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report’the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read-, and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, in puiTuance of the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition: And it appeared to the Committee, That in Consideration of the great Antiquity and ruinous Condition of the said Church, and the Inability of the Parishioners, by Collections among themselves, to rebuild the fame, a Brief was obtained in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty, for raising the Sum of £.3,873, to enable the

Petitioners to rebuild the said Church; a printed Copy of which Brief was laid before the Committee.

It further appeared by the Parish Books, produced to the Committee, That, immediately upon obtaining the said Brief, Trustees were appointed, at a general Parish Meeting of the Parishioners, to take down and rebuild the said Church; who were impowered to treat and agree with such Workmen as they lliould think fit to rebuild the fame, according to such Model as they, or the greater Part of them, should agree upon.

Then the Agents for the Petitioners called

Mr. Samuel Andrews: Who said. That, in pursuance of the Orders given at the Parish Meeting above-mentioned, the old Church was taken down, and a new Church has, since that time, been built; a Draught or Plan of the West Front and Tower of which Church he produced to, and laid before, the Committee:

That a Book, wherein are entered the Accounts of Receipts and Disbursements of taking down and rebuilding the said Church, was laid before the Committee; whereby the Sum of £.3,345 and upwards, appeared to have been expanded about rebuilding the fame; and that, by the Brief, the Sum of £.1,158. ts. 3 only had been collected, towards defraying the said Expence; but that, by the voluntary Subscriptions of several of the Parishioners, and by Levies upon themselves, the Petitioners had raised the further Sum of £.746. -]s. id. and the Sum of £.121. 19 s.3 d.was raised by the free Contributions of their Neighbours.

The Agent for the Petitioners then produced several Orders of the said Parishioners, at their Parish Meetings; whereby it appeared. That, in consideration of the Insufficiency of the said Sums, so raised and received for the Purposes intended, it was agreed and ordered, That several Sums of Money should be borrowed for the carrying on and fiuishing the said Building, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of £.1,200; and, in pursuance of such Orders so given, itappeared to the Committee, That the Sum of £.1,200 was borrowed by the Petitioners;

£.800 of which was borrowed at common Ititerest, and £.400, the Refichie thereof, was advanced by one Mrs.

Dorothy Bagley, in Consideration of granting her an Annuity of £.40 for her Life; which Agreement with Mrs. Bagley was afterwards confirmed at a general Parish Meeting; and it was also ordered. That thelnterest of the £.800, as well as the Annuity of £.40, being both raised upon the Credit of Parish Orders, should be paid by the Churchwardens of the Parish for the Time beings as the same lliould become due and payable; which Orders were accordingly complied with, and the Interest and Annuity for some Years paid, till of late some Obstruction had been made to it, by the Refusal of several Persons to pay the Rates charged upon them for that Purpose: And it appeared to the Committee, That a considerable Arrear had thereby accrued, amounting to the Sum of £.200 and upwards.

It appeared likewise to the Committee, That Mrs.

Bagley had lately agreed with the Parishioners to accept an Annuity after the Rate of £.8 per Cent, for her £.400, as well for the Arrears now' due, as for the future Payments during her Life; but that there is no Law now in being, notwithstanding the principal Part of the Pa-riftiioners are willing and desirous to affect the fame, to compel the Payment of Rates and Levies, to pay the said Annuity, and to discharge the Debt and Interest.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of the City of Worcester, to raise Money for discharging

the Debts they havecontrafted in rebuilding their Parish Church: And that Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lockuood, and Sir John Rushout, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That all the Members who serve for the Bigglefwad*, Countiesof Durham, Northumberlanrf, a n rl tec. Roads.

be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Exception an Act of Parliament, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his 2 present

Seizures of South Sea Company’s Property.

St. Margaret's Westminster.

Convention with Spain,

Disputes with Spain

i ‘

i > Geo. II. 5* Mart. 969

prefenO Majesty, fofr enlarging the Tfcrm and Powers granted* by an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of his fete Majesty Y^m^-George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Road from , in

ttte County of Bedford, to Bugden, and through Alcon-btfrryto the Top-of Mamberry or Crofa Post, lead-

itg-'mt-o Sautery t.une, on the York and Edinburgh Road; and from the said Town of Bugden to the Town of Huntingdon; and from Cross Hall, in Eaton in the said.

County of Bedford), to Great Stoughton Common, in the said County of Huntingdon-, and also of several Gentlemen; andother Pterfons, living in or near the said Roads, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; is referred.

Mi1. Barrel, from the Directors of the South Sea Company, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account'd^ what remains due to the South Sea Company. on account of the Seizures made, by the King of *$w/Vir Officers, of the Ships and F.ffefts of the said Company in the West Indies, in the Years 1718 and 1727.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do 1 ie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Minister and Churchwardens of ‘ the Parish of St. Margaret, do lay before

this House, an Account, shewing how the Sum of Three thousand Five hundred Pounds, granted to his Majesty, Anno1737, for the Repairs of the said Church,

hath been applied.

A Petition of the Merchant Company of the City of Edinburgh, established by Act of Parliament, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners,having read thelateConvent.ion, and separate Art icles, with Spain, and the Protest of Don de

la Quadra, beg Leave to represent, That, by the said

Convention and Articles, limited by the said Protest, t lie Reparation flipnlated for the Insults and Losses which the

British Merchants and Seamen suffered, from the unjust Insolence of the Spaniards, feerns, to the Petitioners, to be such as may be brought down to very little, or to be left, in Etfaft, to be made by Britain itself; and that the future Security of our Commerce and Navigation in the West Indies, in America, which the Petitioners expected would have been immediately established as aMatter indisputable, appears, in the Apprehension of the Petitioners, to be put off, as a doubtful Point, to be debated in a subsequent Treaty; and that, in that Part of Great Britain, and particularly in and about that City, the Petitioners began to fee the Linen and other Manufacturers make a hopeful Progress, which must fink lower than ever, if the West Indian and American Trade be ruined, or rendered precarious.: And therefore praying the House to take such effectual Measures concerning the Premises as to the great Wisdom and Spirit of the British Parliament may seem fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to t he Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the Pardo, January 14, 1739, N. S. and the separate. Articles belonging the reunto, with the several Ratifications, thereof.

A Petition of Thomas Claphamfon and Solomon Merreit, in behalf of themselves and others concerned in the Ship S^Isabella, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the British Squadron of Ships of War, under the Command of Sir George Byng late Lord Viscount Torrington, having, in the Year 1718, taken federal Ships of War in the Mediterranean, belonging to the King of Spain, the said Ships were carried into Port Mahon, to be there disposed of, for the Benefit of the Captors, pursuant to a Declaration of his fete Majesty; and that the Ships so taken being, after Condemnation, Voc. aj.

put up to Sale at Pbrt M&hon^by the Agents for die

Captors, the SfQIJbbellai-Oi»e of the said Ships, was purchased (after having lain Two Years at that Ports), by the Petitioners, for the Sum of Sixteen thousand Pieces of Eight; and*, being much out of Repair, IbePunhafers were at great Expence, both at GibraG

fear, in making her fit for Service; and that, in the Year 1721, Matters being adjusted between the Two Crowns of Great Britain and Spain, the said Ship was brought down to Cadiz, in order to trade with, or to be sold, to the best Advantage; but,onher Arrivalthere, was claimed by M'Patino, Intendant of the Marine for the Crown of Spain, by virtue of an Agreement, by which all the Shipsof War taking from the Spaniards in the Year 1718 weretobereftored; and that thereupon, notwithstanding the several Offers and Treaties 00 foot, relating to the Sale of the said Ship, the Petitioners, being unwill ingt hat any Right or Property of theirs should occasion any De~ IaysorDisputes,applied themselves by Memorial,on the 2 ift of March 1722, toone of his Majesty’s Secretaries of State; setting forth tl»e Hardships they lay under, as not having Power either to fell or remove their Ship, and yet at great Charges in maintaining her; and therefore offering to surrender the said Ship to the King of on Payment of their Purchase-money and other Charges f And that, pursuant to the Request of t his Memorial, his Majesty’s thenConfnl at the Port of Cadiz wa9 directed to deliver up the said Ship to the Crown of Spain, who accordingly, on the 6th of January 1721, made Tender thereof to the said M' Patino-, but, lie refilling to accept of her, the Petitioners, by Direction from the Secretary of State, abandoned her, and the Spaniards afterwards, took Possession of the Ship, and placed her Guns on the Ramparts of Cadiz: And that the Petitioners, in March 1729, presented a Memorial to one of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State; fettingforth the Premifes; which Memorial being, by hisMiijeity’sOrder in Council, of the 26th of that Month, referred to a Committee of Council, to give their Opinion thereupon, their Lordships were pleased, the 26th of April, to take the same into Consideration; but the Petitioners not being fully prepared to givea particular Account of their Losses, and the said Consul at the Port of Cadiz, who w'as then in Town, and could have given their LorcHhips an exact Account of this Affair, not attending, the farther Hearing was put off, without any fixed time appointed, and nothing has been since done relating the reto: And therefore, in regard of the Premises, and for that, by MrPa-tino'sclaiming the said Ship as aforesaid, and

her being abandoned to the Crown of Spain, the Petitioners are at present Sufferers of upwards of Ten thousand Pounds, including the Interest of their principal Money: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to take their same into Considerat ion, and give them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole Hopfe, who are to consider of the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the Pardo, Jan. 14 th 1739, N.S. and the separate Articles belonging the re-, unto, with the several Ratifications thereof.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Dersertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dieffre their Concurrent.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being read;

The House was called over; and the ?Jan>es of such Members as made Default to appear were taken down:

And the Lift of the Defaulters being caRed over, several of them appeared:

3 And

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion*

Call of the House.

Ways aid Means.

Supply;

Rogues

Vagabonds,

See.

Laws

respecting

tanned

Leather.

370 5° — 6®

And the rest, except Henry Esquire, were excused; forae upon account of Illness, or extraordinary Avocations, and some as being upon the Road, or in Town.

The Name of Henry Rolle Esquire being called over j and his Excuse not being allowed of;

And the Question being but, That the said Henry Rolle Esquire be excused;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes, ]*»'

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Henry Rolle Esquire be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for neglecting to attend his Service in Parliament.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon this Day Fortnight, the 19th Day of this Instant March.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That no Member do presume to go out of Town, without Leave of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider furtherof Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into aCommitteeof the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual punching and suppressing of Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons; and for the better Relief of Lunaticks and Foundling Children.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 6° die;

Anno 129 Georgii II-1 Regis, 1738. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Shoemakers, and other Manu. jljL facturers of Leather, of the Towns of Minehead and Dunjler, in the County of Somerset; and also,

A Petition of the Cordwainers of the City of ehefier,in the County of Sussex and also, A Petition of the Cordwainers of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham; and also,

A Petition of the Mailers and Company of Cordwainers of the Borough of Bridg in the County of

Somerset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Cordwainers of the said Borough;

Were severally presented to the tioufe, and read; against the Bill, now depending in the House, to obviate certain Doubts, which have arisen upon the Construction of the Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

2+

Martii. A. 1738.

A Bill to enable Joihn Mould Esquire^ and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of , pursuant to the Will of John Moore Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jerrnyn Davers, Dr. Butler, Mr.f?0u>Hey, Mr. Crowle, Mr. , Mr. Comewall, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Harris, Mr. Byng, Brigadier Handajyd, Mr. Treby, Mr. , Mr.

Jkine, Mr. Fox, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Wm. Irby, Mr. Pol-hill, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Revell, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Proby, Mr. Kinajton, Mr. Pear/e, Mr. Heron, Mr. Bathurjt, Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Banks, Lord wynde, Mr. Smith, Mr. Crew, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Longue-ville, Mr. Chelwynde, Mr. Leheap, Mr. Balle, Mr. Earle, Mr. Lijle, Mr. Maule, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Bevan,

Sir Nathanael Curson, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Waller, Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr. Chamb Mr. Cojter, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Chaffin, Sir James Grant, Sir Thomas Hales, Lord Gage, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Powys, Mr. Foley, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Trevor-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties J'olk and Effiex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of Dumfermline, for themselves, and other Burgesses and Inhabitants thereof, and also,

A Petition of the Magistrates, Dean of Guild of Dundee, for themselves, and other Burgesses and Inhabitants thereof; and also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Montrose;

Were severally prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Linen Manufacture, which is carried on successfully among the Petitioners, in several Branches of it, is the only Support of those Towns; and that the Petitioners must fall into Poverty, if that LinenTradebe not duly protected and encouraged; and that that Trade must fink, if the Commerce and Navigation of Britain to the Plantations in America, and the West Indies, shall be suffered to be encroached upon; and that the Petitioners beg Leave to express their P'ears on reading the late Convention, and separate Articles, with Spain, and Don Sebajliande la Quadra's Protelt in relation thereto; and that the future Safety of our Navigation and Trade the Petitioners expected would have been secured, in the first place, as essential and unquestionable, and would not have been put off as a Subject of Debate in a subsequent Treaty; and that just Reparation to Britain, and our Merchants, and Seafarers, would have been obtained for the repeated Infnlts and Depredations of the Spaniards, and would not have been left to the Hazard of various Restrictions and Controver-fies, or to be thrown on Britain itself: And therefore praying the House to secure their Trade, and procure such just Satisfaction to Britain, and the Sufferers by Spanish Insults and Robberies, as to the House iha.ll seem fit.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the Pardo, Jan. 14, 1739, N. S.; and the separate Articles belonging the reunto, with the several Ratifications thereof.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of Stirling, for themselves, and other Burgesses and Inhabitants thereof; and also,

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of Lauder, for themselves, and other Burgesses and Inhabitants thereof;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners having read the late

Convention,

Mould's Name. '

Convention with Spain.

Ditto

i2 Geo. II. 6° Martit. 271

Convention, and separate Articles, with Spain, and the Protest of DonSeba/H la Quadra, beg Leave to represent, That, by the said Convention and Articles, limited by the said Protest, the Reparation stipulated for the Insults and Losses which the tish Merchants and Seamen suffered, from the unjust Infolenceof th eSpaniardfeems, to the Petitioners,

to be l'uch, as may be brought down to very little, or to be left, in Kile#, to be made by Britain itself; and that the future Security of Commerce and Navigation in the West Indies and which the

Petitioners expected would have been immediately established as a Matter indisputable, appears to be neglected, or put off, as a doubtful Point, to be debated in a subsequent Treaty; and that, in that Part of Great Britain, and particularly in and about thofeTowns, the Petitioners began to fee the Linen and other Manufactories make a hopeful Progress which must fink lower than ever if the West Indian or American Trade be ruined, or rendered precarious: And therefore praying the House to take such effectual Measures concerning the Premises, as to the great Wisdom and Spirit of the British Parliament may seem fit.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Convention between Great Britain and Spain,concluded at the January 14, 1739, N. S. and the separate Articles belonging the reunto, with the several Ratifications thereof.

Convention A Petition of the Merchants of trading to

with Spain, the British Plantations in in behalf of themselves

and many others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Manufactures of that Country being chiefly consumed in the American Colonies, it is with great Grief the Petitioners observe and feel the annual Decay of the Sugar Islands, and the Decrease of Trade and Commerce, occasioned by the Obliruftions and Depredations of the Guarda Cost as-, and re-

presenting to the House, That in the late Convention signed by Benjamin Keene Eft] u ire, and Don de

la Quadra, now publishod by Authority, the undoubted Right of the RnVl/ftSubjecls to navigate in the American Seas to and from any Part of his Majesty’s Dominions, without being liable to have their Ships searched, plundered, or seized, on any Pretence whatsoever, is no where asserted; but the adjusting thereof, and Come other Points, referred to the uncertain Issue of a Meeting of Arnbaffactors named by the Two Crowns; whereby, as the Petitioners conceive, the Spaniards will be encouraged to continue their Insults and Injuries; the Commerce to and from America is left as precarious and hazardous, and the Petitioners Properties in these Parts as insecure, as ever; and that most valuable Branch of Trade in the utmost Danger of being much impaired, if not loft: And therefore praying the House to consider the Premises, and do therein as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of thewholeHouse, who are to consider of the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the Pardo, Ian 14, 1739, N. S. and the separate Articles belonging the reunto, with the several Ratifications thereof.

Ditto. ^he Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the Pardo, Ian. 14, 1739, N. S. and the separate Articles belonging the reunto, with the several Ratifications thereof;

The Copy of the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the Pardo, Jan. 14. 1739, N. S. and Transiation; and also.

Copy of the First separate Article belonging to the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded Vou 2g.

at th e Pardo, Jan. 14, 1739, N. S. and Transiation; Convention and also, wilb sP*in-

Copy of the Second separate Article belonging to the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the Pardo, Jan. 14, 1739, N. S. and Transiation; and also.

Copy of his Majesty’s Ratification of the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the Pardo, 14 Jan. 1739, N. S. and Transiation; and also.

Copy of his Majesty’s Ratification of the First separate Article belonging to the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the Pardo, 14 1739, N. S. and Transiation; and also.

Copy of his Majesty’s Ratification of the Second separate Article belonging to the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the Pardo, Jan. 14,

1739, N. S. and Transiation; and also.

Copy of the King of Spains Rai ideation of the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the Pardo, Jan. 14, 1739, N. S. and Transiation; and allb.

Copy of the King of Spain's Ratification of the First separate Article belonging to the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the Pardo, Jan.

14, 1739, and Transiation; and also.

Copy of the King of Spain's Ratification of the Second separate Article belonging to the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the Pardo, Jan.

14, 1 739, N S. and Transiation;

Which Papers were presented to this House the 8th Day of February lall; and also.

The Copy of the Trent}’ between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at Madrid, the vy Day of July 1670; and also.

The Transiation of the said Treaty;

Which Papers were presented to this House the 22d Day of March 1737; and also.

The Extract of the Treaty of Peace between and the United Provinces of the Lx>zv Countries, made at Munfterthe 30th of January 1648, Articles Fifth and Sixth, and 1 ranfiation;

Which Papers were presented to this House the 2zd Dav of February 1726; and also.

Copy of the Treaty of Peace and Friendship between Great Britain and Spain, presented to this House the 9th Dav of May 1713; and also,

Transiation of the AJftento Contract, presented to this House the 9th Day of June 1713; and also,

Copy of the Treaty between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at Madrid,the 13th June, N. S. 1721; and also,

Copy of the preliminary Articles, signed at Paris 31st May 17:27, N. S.;

Which Papers were presented to this House the 12th Day of February 1727; and also.

Copy of the A# for the Execution of the Preliminaries, signed at the Pardo, March the 6th, 1728, N. S. and Transiation thereof, presented to this House 13th Day of March 1727; and also,

Copy of the Treaty of Peace, Friendship, and mutual ' Defence, between his Majesty, the most Christian King, and the King of Spain, concluded at Seville, November 9th, N. S 1729, with a Transiation of the said Treaty; and also,

Copy of the separate Articles belonging to the Treaty of Peace, Friendship, and mutual Defence, between his Majesty, the most Christian King, and the King of Spain, concluded at Seville, November 9th, N. S; 1729, with a Transiation of the said separate Articles;

Which Papers were presented to this House the 13th Day of January 1729; and also,

The several Papers presented to this House the 13th Day of May 1735, relating to his Majesty’s Commissaries in Spain; and also.

The several Papers presented to this House the 23d Day of January 1735, from the Commissioners for executing

the

Xar -

i'll 6° — 7°

Convention the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, and With Spam. also)

The several Papers presented to this House the 19th Day of February 1735, relating to the Losses sustained by his Majesty’s Subjects, by Depredations committed by the Spaniards in Europe or since the 2,5th

Day of if arch 17255 anri also.

The several Papers presented to this- House the 15th Day of March 1737, relating to the Spanish Depredations upon the British Subjects 5 and also,

The Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Nexocafile, Madrid, February i-§- 173-f inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Monsr de la Quadra to Mr.

Keene, Pardo, February 44 17 34., and Translation; and also,

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of to Mr.

Keene, March 17, 173-J-, inclosing.

Draught of a Letter from Mr. to Monsr de la

Quadra, and Translation;

Which Papers were presented to this House the 24th Day of March 1737; and also.

The several Papers presented to this House the 28th Day of March 1738, relating to Losses sustained by his Majesty’s Subjects, by Depredations committed by the Spaniards in Europe or America 5 and also,

The Copies of all the Addresses, or Memorials, delivered by the South Sea Company to his Majesty, or the Secretaries of State, since 1732, concerning

their Trade in the Spanish West Indies, and their Desire of the Royal Licence to let or dispose of their AJicnlo Trade, or Tonnage of the Shipping in that Service, and the Answers that have been given thereunto, presented to the House the 7th Day of 1738; and also,

The Account of Money received at his Majesty’s Exchequer by the Right honourable George Lord Vif-eount Torrington, Treasurer of his Majesty’s Navy, and by him paid over to the Agents to the Captors of the Prizes taken from the in the

In the Year 1718, presented'to this House the 9th Day of February 1729; and also.

The Extract of a Letter from Mr. to Monsr

de la Quadra, Madrid, Jan. 6. 1739, N. S. and Translation; and also,

Copy of a Letter from Mods' de la Quadra to Mr. Keene, Pardo, Jan. 10. 1739, N. S. and Translation 5 and also.

Copy of Moils' de la Quadra's Declaration, Pardo, Jan. 10. 1739, N. S. and Translation; and also,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to Mon s' de la Quacfra, Madrid, Jan. 11. 1 739, N. S. and Translation; and also,

Copy of a Paper signed by Mr. Stert, One of the Commissaries appointed in pursuance of the Treaty of Seville, and laid before a Committee of Council June 14. 1738; and also,

Copy of a Paper, signed by Mr. Stert, Otie of the Commissaries appointed in pursuance of the Treaty of Seville, and laid before a Committee of Council June 14. 1738;

Which Papers were presented to this House, the 19th Day of Februarylaft; and also,

The several Papers presented to this House, the same Day, relating to, Losses sustained' by his Majesty’s Subjects, by Depredations committed by the Spaniards, in Europe or America; and also,

The several Papers presented to this House the 21st Day of February last, relating to Losses sustained by his Majesty’s Subjects, by Depredations committed by the; Spaniards, in Europe or America; and also.

The Copies of the Letters written to the South Sea Company by Sir Thomas Geraldino, His Catholick Majesty's Minister here, since the signing the Convention . lately entered into between his Majesty and the King of Spain; with Copies of their Answers thereto: and Kkewife a Copy of their Letter to One of his Majesty’s Secretaries of State, upon their receiving a Declaration,

Martii. . 1738.

signed on the Part of the King of previous to the signing of the said Convention, relating to their Trade; and also an Account of their Proceedings for settling the Difference with the Court of since the 21st of

December 1737; and Copies of the Letters sent to, and received from, Mr. Keene, relating thereto; presented to this House the 23d Day of February last; and also.

The Copy of the Letter to the Lord Carteret, with a Representation to his late Majesty, upon the Spanish Ambassador’s Complaint, relating to a Fort lately built by the Governor of South Carolina, dated the 20th De-

cember 1722; and also,

Copy of a Letter to tire Duke of Newcastle, with a Representation and State of the British Poflfeffions in America, disputed by the King of Spain, &c. dated the 20th of June 1728; and also.

Copy of a Representation to his Majesty from the Governor, Council, and Assembly, of South Carolina, relating to the State of that Province, dated yth of April 1734; and also,

Copy of the Representation of the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia, in America, to her late Majesty, when^Guardian of the Kingdom;

Which Papers were presented to this House upon the 2d Day of this Instant March; and also.

The Account of all Monies received by the Agents of the Captors of the Spanish Ships taken in the YearOne thousand Seven hundred and Eighteen, on Account of the said Ships, and the Stores thereof, and how the said Monies have been disposed of, presented to this House upon the lft Day of this Instant March; and also, The Account of what remains due to the South Sea Company, on Account of the Seizures made, by the King of Spain's Officers, of the Ships and Effects of the said Company in the West Indies, in the Years One thousand Seven hundred and Eighteen and One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-seven, Yesterday presented to the House;

Were severally ordered to be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had heard several of the Petitioners upon several of their Petitions referred to the said Committee, and had also heard fonie Evidence; and that he was directed by the Committee 10 move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved,'X\\at this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Cousideration the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the

Jan. 14, 1739, N. S. and the separate Articles belonging the reunto? with the several Ratifications thereof

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of tli© Clock.

Mercurtiy 'f die Martii;

Anno 12* Georgii IP* Regis, 1738.

Prayers.

MR. Bramjionreported from the Committee.to whom Crouch’*

the Bill to enable John Crouch Esquire, eldest Son Nam*, of Pyke Crouch Esquire, deceased, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Pyke, pursuant to the Will of John Pyke,deceased, was committed1; That

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Sir

12 Geo. II. 70 Martii. 273

Gregory's Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee,

Name. w|,om the jj|| to enable Charles Esqure, now

called Charles Oregon)Wade, and his issue Male, to use

the Surname of IVade, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

#t. Market's The House being informed, that Mr. One

'WeAminster. of Churchwardens of the Parish of 67. Margaret,

Westminster,attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account, shewing how the Sum of Three thousand Five hundred Pounds, granted to his Majesty Anno 1737, for the Repairs of the Church of Saint Margaret, hath been applied.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of thisSession.

Convention A Petition of the Magistrates and Town-council of with Spain. Cupar in Fife, for themselves, and other Burgesses and Inhabitants thereof, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Linen Manufacture, which is carried on successfully among the Petitioners, in several Branches of it, is the only Support of that Town; and that the Petitioners mult fall into Poverty if that Trade be not duly protected and encouraged; and that Trade must link, if the Commerce and Navigation of Great Britain to the Plantations in America and the West Indies shall be suffered to be encroached on: And that the Petitioners beg Leave to express their Fears, on reading the late Convention and separate Articles with Spain, and Don Se'oajlian de la Quadra's Protest in relation thereto: That the future Safety of our Navigation and Trade, the Petitioners expected would have been secured, in the first. place, as essential and unquestionable, and would not have been put off as a Subject of Debate in a subsequent Treaty; and that just Reparation to Britain and our Merchants and Seafarers, would have been obtained, for the repeated Insults and Depredations of the Spaniards, and would not have been left to the Hazard of various Restrictions and Controveifies, or to be thrown on Britain itself; And therefore praying the House to secure their Trade, and procure such just Satisfaction to Britain, and the Sufferers by Spanish Insults and Robberies, as to the Wisdom and true Spirit of the House shall seem fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Convention between Great BritainanASpain,concluded at the Pardo, Jan. 14, 1739, N. S. and the separate Articles belonging the reunto, with the several Ratifications thereof.

Ditto. A Petition of the Magistrates and Town-council of Kingdom, for themselves, and other Burgesses and Inhabitants thereof, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Linen and Thread Stocking Manufacture, which is carried on successfully among the Petitioners, in several Branches of it, is the only Support of that Town; . the latter of which, a greater Quantity is made by the Petitioners than in all North Britain-, and that the Petitioners must fall into Poverty, if that LinenTrade be notduly protected and encouraged; and that Trade must fink, if the Commerce and Navigation of Great Britain to the Plantations in America and the West Indies shall be suffered to be encroached on: And that the Petitioners beg Leave to express their Fears, on reading the late Convention and separate Articles with Spain, and Don Schajiiande la Quadra's Pro-

Vo r.. 23.

tell in relation thereto; and that the future Safety of our Navigation and Trade, the Petitioners expected would have been secured, in the lirft place, as essential and unquestionable, and would not have been put off as a Subject of Debate, in a subsequent Treaty; and that just Reparation to Britain, and our Merchants and Seafarers, would have been obtained, for the repeated Insults and Depredations of the Spaniards, and would not have been left to the Hazard of various Restrictions and Con-troverfies, or to be thrown on Britain itself: And therefore praying the House to secure their 'Trade, and procure such just Satisfaction to Britain, and the Sufferers by Spani/hInfults and Robberies, as to the Wisdom and

true British Spirit of the House shall seem meet.

Ordered,'That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the Pardo, Jan. 14, 1739,

N. S. and the separate Articles belonging the reunto, with the several Ratifications thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Worlley, Mr. Colonel Brampton

Onslow, Captain Evans, Mr. D uncomb, Sir Geo. Oxen- Bridge, &c. den, Mr. Neal, Sir Charles Per non, Mr. Harvey, Mr. oa Berkeley, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. White, Sir A hr. Elton, Dr.

Butler, Sir Charles Gilmour, Lord limerick, Mr. Law-ton, Mr. Geo. Fox, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending the Highways leading from 'Brampton Bridge to Welford Bridge, in the County of Northampton; and also the great Poll Road from Morterpit Hill,in the said County,

through Brixzcorlh, Lamport, Maidwell, and

Oxcnden Magna, to Chain Bridge, leading into Market

liar borough, in the County of Leicester; and also of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and other Persons, living in or near, and travelling through, the said Highways, is referred.

General Wade reported from the Committee to whom Bats) the Petition of the Commissioners, whose Names are Roads, thereunto subscribed,appointed to put in execution Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Fil’d, for repairing and enlarging the Highways between the Top of King's-down Hill, and the City of Bath, and also several Highways leading to and through the said City; and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned: and also of several Inhabitants of the said City, and other Persons, living near, and usually travelling through, the Roads, leading from the Top of Old Down, alias Odd Down, to Dunkerton Bridge, and from Bath Easton Bridge, to a Gate on the further End of Banner Down, alias Bathon Doun, and from t he 'Top of Claverton Dozen, alias Clarton Dozen, to New Bridge, over Camber Brook-, and also the Petition of the Gentlemen and others, Inhabitants of the Parish Saint Loe, and other adjacent Pari flics, and of the City

O. f Bath, and other Persons living near, and usually travelling through, the Road leading from the City of Bath to the City of Bristol,whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows;

The Committee have, in pursuance of several Orders of the House, examined the Matters of the said Petitions:

And, to prove the Allegations of the First Petition,

The Petitioners produced, and laid before the Committee, Two Acts of Parliament, mentioned in t he said First Petition; whereby it appeared, tliatfeveralTolls were

4 A granted.

*74 Mar Hi.

granted, and to have Continuance for Twenty-oneYears, from the Passing of the First Act; and, by the last mentioned Act, that Term was enlarged for the further Term of Twenty-one years, from the tftDay of May 1721.

Mr. Richard Roberts, Town-Clerk of Bath, being examined, said, That the Sum of^.3,600 was borrowed upon the Credit of the left-mentioned Act; but that that Sum is now reduced to£.400; and that the Interest thereof has been paid; whichSum of ^.400 is dill due and owing; and that all the Moniescollefted have been duly applied towards the amending the Roads directed to be repaired by both Acts: And he further said. That the Roads leading from the Top of Old , alias Odd Down, to Dunkerton Br, and from the Top of Cla-verton Down, alias Clarion Down, to New over

Camber Brook, are extremely bad, and in a very ruinous and dangerous Condition, and cannot, by reason offome Defects in the said Acts, be effectually amended, and the Money due on the Credit thereof be repaid, without the Aid of a further Act of Parliament.

Ralph Allen, Esquire being calledand examined, coil-firmed the Evidence given by Mr. Roberts, as to the Badness of the last mentioned Roads.

And Mr. Roberts being further examined, said. That a well-regulated Watch would be of great Service to the City of Bath: That there are constant Infultsand Night Quarrels there, for wantof such aWatch, and Complaints are daily made to him on that Account, as he is Town-Clerk of the City; and that the Mayor and Aldermen have no Power, by any Laws now in being, to establish a Watch in the City.

The Agents for the Second Petition produced, and laid before the Committee.Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending the several Roads leading from the City of Bristol, and the other of the Fourth Year of his present Majesty, to explain and amend the Act of the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty; whereby Provision is made for amending the Road leading from Bristol, through the Parish of Bu, alias to Avon

Bridge, alias Twiverlon Bridge, alias Tzvirton Bridge.

The said Mr. Allen was called; and, being examined, said. That although Provision was made by the Two last mentioned Acts for repairing the Road which lies in the Parish of Newton Saint Loe, between Avon Bridge and the Globe Inn in the said Parish of Newton Saint Loe, nothing had been done towards amending the same; and that that Road is now exceedingly bad; that it is the worst Part of the whole Road; and cannot, by the Laws now in being, be kept in Repair.

And the Witness further said, That the said last mentioned Acts were not put in Execution, by reason the Colliers have pulled down, and do constantly pull down, any Turnpikes that have been at any time erected on that Road by virtue of the said Acts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and given by Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other madein the Seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing, amending, and enlarging, the Highways between the Top of Jungsdown Hill and the City of Bath; and also several Highways leading to and from the said City; and for cleansing, paving, and lightening, the Streets, and regulating the Chairmen there; and also for repairing several Highways leading from the Top of Old Down, alias Odd Down, to Dunkerton Bridge, from the Top of Claoerlon Down, alias Clarion Down, to New Bridge over Camber Brook-, and from Avon Bridge to the Globe Inn in the Parish of Newton Saint Loe and for regulating a nightly Watch within the said City of Bath, and Liberties thereof: And that General Wade, Mr. Carew, and Mr. Codrington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

the'Accom-1" That Part of the Journal of the House, of the 14th

modation of Day March 1732, which contains the Resolution of

Parliament.

this House, for addressing his Majesty, That he would be gracioufty pleased to give Directions for the building a more spaeious and convenient Edifice that might be made use of for the Reception of the Parliament; and to allure his Majesty, that this House would make good the Expence of the fame; was read:

And that Part of the Journal of the House, of the 20th Day of the same Month, which contains the Report of his Majesty’s Aufwer to the said Address, was also read:

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be gracioufty pleased to give Directions for the building a more spaeious and convenient Edifice that may be made Use of for the Reception of the Parliament; and to allure his Majesty,

That this House will make good the Expence of the . fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of the Trustees for establishing the Colony Colony of of Georgia, in America, was presented to the House, and Georgia, read; letting forth, That, by reason of the extraordinary Charge attending the military Defence of the Colony, during the continual Danger and Alarms of a Invasion, and before the Arrival of the Regiment, which his Majesty, in his great Wisdom, thought proper to fend for the Preservation of the Province, a considerable Debt has been unavoidably contracted; which, being unforeseen, could not be provided for by this House in the last Session of Parliament: And that the Inhabitants, having been taken off from their Labour in the Season for Sowing, to prepare for the common Safety, were thereby disabled from cultivating sufficient Quantities of Land for their Maintenance; and those Lands which were cultivated and sowed, by reason of a general Drought for a Year past, which has afflicted that Part of North America, have not yielded the Crops which might have reasonably beenexpected; whereby the Inhabitants do necessarily still remain Objects of Compafiioa, to be for some time longer supported by the Assistance of this House; to the granting of which, the Petitioners hope this House will be the more inclined, from the Consideration that thisColony, as the Petitioners are well assured, will, within a few Years, be found very profitable to its Mother Country, by producing several Materials for the Manufacturers of Great Britain, which are now bought from Foreigners with ready Money; and that its Situation and valuable Ports'to the Southward, are of that Importance to the Navigation of this Kingdom, and for securing the Trade of the West Indies, as to make it the constant Envy of its Neighbours; and that the Support of a civil Magistracy, the continuing the Friendship of the Indians, the encouraging the railing Produces, and other incidental Charges, are still necessary to be defrayed: And therefore praying the House to give the Petitioners such Assistance in the Premises as the House shall think meet.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, being informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to their Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before the House,

shewing how the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament, for the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America, has been applied by them, towards settling and securing the said Colony,

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Convention whole House, to take into further Consideration the Con- with , Sp«jn. vention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at

the

Woollea

Manufacture.

Laws respecting Tanned Leather

Colony of Georgia,.

12 Geo. II. 7* — 8 a M 275

the Pardo, Jan. 14. 1739, N. S.and the separate Articles belonging the reunto, with the several Ratifications thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had heard the Petitioners upon another of the Petitions to them referred; and had atfo heard Evidence, and made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred: And that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Rejfblved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the Pardo, Jan. t 4. 1739, N. S. and the separate Articles belonging the reunto, with the several Ratifications thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovts, 8* 'die Mar tit;

Anno ix* Georgii lldiRegis, 1738.

Pa a Yeas.

*£AMES Tracy took the Oaths appointed, in order to J his Naturalization.

A Petition of the Clothiers, Dyers, Card-makers, Stocking-makers, Serge-makers, and others concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, in and about the Town of Breuiton, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture: And praying Relief

Resolved, That the said Petition do fie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Freemen of the Mystery of Plumbers, of the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; repre-

fenting to the House, That, in making and repairing Pumps, and Engines for railing of Water, and extiu-gui thing of Fire, they use the prime Part of strong Sole Leather, called a Butt, uncurried, which should lie well seasoned before it is put into their Work; and they find a great Convenience and Advantage in being supplied by the Curriers, and other Dealers in Leather, with such Parts thereof as are moil fit for their Purpose; which they now are, and for many Years have been, furnished with, at a moderate Price, by the Curriers, and other Dealers in Leather; the other Parts thereof, which is above Two Thirds of a Butt, being more fit for other Trades; and that, in case the Petitioners should be prevented from buying such Parts of a Butt as will bed suit their Occasions, it will not only tend to the Injury of the Petitioners, but also of those who deal with them; for, in case of a Restraint, the Petitioners would be obliged either to work up all the Parts of a Butt, in their respective Branches of Trade, or make a great deal of Waite; and, in the former Cafe, the Pumps and Water Engines will not be near so good; in the latter Cafe, will come much dearer to the Publick: And therefore praying the said Bill, now depending in the House, to obviate certain Doubts, which bavearifen upon the Construction of the Act, of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen , intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King/amis the First, concerning tanned Leather, may pass into a Law; or that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed. That Mr, Vereljt, from VOL. 23.

the Trustees for establishing the Colony of , in

America, attended at the Door.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account, Ihewing how the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament, for the Trustees for establishing the Chlony of Georgia, in America,has been applied by them towards settling

and securing the said Colony.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon- the '

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Sir John Cope, Sir Edmund Bacon, Bigglefwadt, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Par/ons, Mr. Smith, Mr. Mr. Road*’

Cornewall, Mr. Bade, Mr. Lockwood, Sir John Cotton, Sir James Noel, Sir Hum. Monoux, Sir Jermyn Davers, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Devereux, Mr. Shippen,

be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, paired in the 9th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 11th Year of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Road from Bigglejioade, in the County of Bedford to Bugden, and through Alconberry, to the Top

of Alconberry Hill, or Cross Poll, leading into Lane, on the York and Edinburgh Road; and from the said Town of Bugden, to the Town §f Huntingdon; and ftom Cross Hall, in Eaton Soken, in the said County of Bedford, to Great Stoughton Common, in the said County of Huntingdon, and also of several Gentlemen, and other Persons, living in or near the said Roads, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; is referred.

A Petition of the Merchants, and others, trading conventm from the Port of Lancaster, to his Majesty s Colonies in with Spain. America, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the principal Part of the Trade of this Port is to his Majesty’s Plantations in America, which has been greatly affected by the Depredations committed by the Spaniards, in the High Seas, on the Ships,

Vessels and Merchandizes, of his Majesty’s Subjects, navigating to and from the said Plantations, by the Rife of Insurance-Money above the Proportion that Trade will bear; and that, as it hath been by this House resolved, That it is the natural and undoubted Right of the British Subjects to foil with their Ships on any Part of the Seas of America, to and from any Part of his Majesty's Dominions, and the Petitioners now finding, by the Situation of Affairs between this Crown and that of Spain, that there is no Piovision made, for the future securing the Ships and Vessels of the British Subject?, foiling to and from the said Plantations, free from the Attacks and Searches of the Spaniards, the Petitioners, with the utmost Concern, beg Leave to represent to the House, that the Freedom of such Navigation and Commerce is of the hrigbeft Importance to his Majesty’s Subjects engaged in such Commerce; and that, without such Freedom, the said Commerce cannot long subsist: And therefore praying the House will favourably consider the Premises, and vouchsafe to concert such Measures as may speedily feenre to them the Freedom of the said Navigation.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-. fid oration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the Pardo, Jan. 14.

1739, N. S. and the Separate Articles belonging the reunto, with the several Ratifications thereof.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Member House do go with the Mace into the Court of Requests "> b«

and the Places adjacent, and summon the Members there *uauaoil* to attend the Servioe of the House:

And be went accordingly:

And,

27<S 8* — 90

And being'returned;

And the Order of the Day being read;

Conv«ntion The House resolved itself intoa Committee of the whole

"111 ‘Spa,n* House, to take into furtherConsideration the Convention bet whenGreatBritain and concluded at the,

Jan. 14,1739»N. S. and the separate Articles belonging the reunto, with the several Ratifications thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That be was directed by the Committee to make a Motion to the House* when the House will.please to receive the same.

And the House having continued to fit till after Twelve of the Clock, at Night;

Ordered, That the Report be received this Day, at Twelve of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Eleven of the Clock this Morning.

Venerisy 90 j

Anno 12* Georgii IldI Regis, 1738.

Praters.

Exports atHPHE House being informed, that Mr. Mattheics,

Leather. A Aocomptant General to the Excise, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all leather, manufactured and un- manufactured, which hath been exported, by Debentures, out of the Port of London, from the 24th of June 1736 to the 24th of June 1738; together with the Drawbacks that have been allowed and paid thereon; distinguishing each Year; and what has been allowed and paid upon each particular Sort of Leather: And also.

An Account of all Leather, manufactured and unmanufactured, which hath been exported, by Debentures, out of that Part of Great Britain called England, from the 24th of June 1737 to the 24th of June 1738; together with what Sums of Money have been allowed and paid, by way of Drawback thereon; difilnguishing the particular Sums which have been allowed and paid -on each particular Sort of Leather.

And then be withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr. Spicer;

Mr. Speaker,

HfTwey’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for tftate. Safe of Part of the Estate late of Esquire,

deceased, for discharging Incumbrances thereupon: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

liggfcfwade. Ordered, That all have Voices that come to the Com-kc. Road*, jaittee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to putin Execution an Act of Pari iaraent,passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Road from Biggleswade, in the County of . Bedford, to Bugden, and through , to the Top

of Alconberry Hill, or Cross Poll, leading into

Lane, on the York and Edinburgh Road; and from the

Martii. ^.1738.

said Town of Bngden to the Town of Huntingdon; and from Cross Hall, in Eaton Soken, in the said County of Bedford, to Great Stoughlon Common, in the said County of Huntingdon; and also of several Gentlemen, and other Persons, living in or near the said Roads, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; is referred.

A Petition of several Shoemakers, Sadlers, Boddice- Laws remakers, Bel lows-makers, Leather Clog-makers, and Cob- fPe&'"g jailers, in and about Sheffield and Rotherham, in the County ne ta er* of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others; and also,

A Petition of several Shoemakers, Sadlers, Girdlers, Bellows-makers, Leather Clog-makers, Patten-makers, and Coblers, in and about the Borough of Lticefsr, and County of Leicester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That the Petitioners find greatConvenience and Advantage in being supplied by the Curriers, and other Dealers in Leather, with Parts of Hides and Skins: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill to obviate certain Doubts, which have ariien upon the Construction of the Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the first Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather, be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and other the Diu*. Members, of the Company of Cordwainers,incorporated within the City and Liberty o f Oxfwas presented to the House, and read, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill to enable/o/zra Crowc/i Esquire, eldest LVouch's Son oiPyke Crouch Esquire, deceased, and the Heirs Male ame* of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Pyke, pursuant to the Will of John Pyke Esquire deceased, was read the Third time.

Rrjolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable John Crouch Esquire, eldest Son of Pyke Crouch Esquire, deceased, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Pyke, pursuant to the Will of John Pyke Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramjton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

\ i ' *

A Bill for naturalizing James Tracy was read a Second Tracy’* time. ^all

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bevan,

Sir James Grant, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Lengueville, Mr. kinjon. Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Lloyd, Mr. Braffey, Mr. Balle, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Fane,

Mr. Scaioen, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Banks, Mr. Bladen, Mr.

Drummond, Mr. Lechmere, Sir John Mr.

Neal,.Sir Johnllynde Cotton, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Harley,

Mr. Hitngerford, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. W, Lord Pol* icarth, Lord Sidney Beauderk, Mr. Alderman Mr. Vaughan, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Blackett,

M r. Vernon, Sir John Ileathcote, Mr. Abercromby, Mr.

Trtfufis, Mr. Knight, Mr. Medlycolt, Mr.

Mr. Kinafton, Lord Grey, Lord Tyrconnel, Mr. Brere-

ton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

Ordered, That the Bill for explaining an Act, passed Relief of in the Tenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, inti- InMvenf tuled, An Act for Relief of insolvent Debtors; and for amending the same Act, and so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, as extends the Benefit of the said Act, for Relief of iufolvent Debtors, to Credit tors, whose Debtors were committed to Prison since the lft Day of January 1730, and were detained there upon the j ft Day of January 1736, and had chose to continue

there.

i a Geo. II. 9 ' Martii477

there, ifcith. respeci only to such debtors as, by virtue of the said Acts, or either of them, have been compelled to deliver up their Estates and Effects to their Creditor s; be printed.

Woollen. A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen^ and Burgesses, Manufacture. qqJ principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Great

win, in the County of Wwas presented to the House,

and read; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table*

St. Nicholas Mr. Sandys presented to the House, according to: Worceftef1 Order, a Bill to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Nicholas, in the City of Worcester, to raise Money for. discharging the Debts they have contracted in rebuilding their Parish Church: and the same was received; and read the First time.

RtfUvcd, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Convention The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the vith Spain. Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to take into further Consideration the Convention between Great Britain and , concluded at the Pardo, . 14. 1739, N. S. and the separate Articles belonging the reunto; with the several Ratifications thereof;

Mr. Francis Fane acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House, for having been graciously pleased to communicate to this House the Convention, together with the separate Articles, lately ' concluded between his Majesty and the King of Spain; to express our most grateful Acknowledgments for his Majesty’s particular Care and tender Regard for the Interests of his People, in having obtained, by the said Convention, a final Adjuliment of their long depending Demands for the Lofies they had sustained, and an express Stipulation for a Payment to be made them, in a short time, upon that Account; to declare our Satisfaction in the Foundation which his Majesty has laid for preventing and removing the like Grievances and Causes of Complaint for the future, and for preserving the Peace between the Two Nations and our Reliance on his Majesty, that, from his constant Attention to the Honour of his Crown, and the undoubted Rights of his People, effectual Care will be taken, in the solemn Treaty to be made pursuant to this Convention, that the Freedom of Navigation in the American Seas may be fully feenred and established for the future; and that his Majesty’s Subjects may enjoy, unmolested, their undoubted Right of navigating and trading to and from any Part of his Majesty’s Dominions, without being liable to be stopped, visited, or searched, on the open Seas, or to any other Violation of the Treaties subsisting between Great Britain and Spain, as the only means to preserve, upon a lasting Foundation, a good Correspondence and Friendship between the Two Crowns; and that, in regulating and settling the Limits of his Majesty’s Dominions in America, in the Treaty to be made with Spain, the greatest Regard will be had to the Rights and Possessions belonging to his Majesty’s Crown and Subjecfs; and to assure his Majesty, that, in case his Majesty’s just Expectations shall not be answered, this House will, with the greatest Zeal and Cheerfulness, support his Majesty, in taking such Measures as shall be necessary to vindicate his Majesty’s Honour, and to maintain his Subjects in the full Enjoyment of all those Rights which they may justly Claim by Treaty, and the Law of Nations:

And Mr. Francis Fane moved the House accordingly.

And the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this l louse, for having been graciously pleased to communicate to this House the Convention, together Vox, 23. '

with the separate Articles, lately concluded between his Majesty and the King of Spain; to express our most grateful Acknowledgements for his Majesty’s particular Care and tender Regard for the Interests of his People, in having obtained, by the said Convention, a final Adjustment of their long depending Demands for the Lofies they had sustained, attd an express-StipuIation for a Payment to be made them, in a short time, upon that Account; to declare our Satisfaction in the Foundation which his Majesty has laid for preventing, and removing, the like Grievances and Causes of Complaint for the future, and for preserving the Peace between the Two Nations; and our Reliance on his Majesty, that, from his constant Attention to the Honour of his Crowu, and* the undoubted Rights of his People, effectual Care will betaken, in the solemn Treaty, to be made pursuan,t to this Convention, that; the Freedom of Navigation in the American Seas may be fully secured and established for the future: and that his Majesty’s Subjects may enjoy, unmolested, their undoubted Right of navigating and trading to and from any Part of his Majesty’s Dominions, without being liable to be stopped, visited, or, searched, on the open Seas, or to any other Violation of1 the Treaties subsisting between Great Britain and Spain,. as the only means to preserve, upon a lasting Founda--tion, a good Correspondence and Friendship between, the Two Crowns; and that, in regulating and settling the Limits of his Majesty’s Dominions in in the

Treaty to be made with Spain, the greatest regard will be had to the Rights and Possessions belonging to his,

Majesty’s Crown and Subjects; and to assure his Majesty, that, in case his Majesty’s just Expectations shall not be, answered, this House will, with the greatest Zeal and; Cheerfulness, support his Majesty in taking such Measures as shall be necessary to vindicate his Majesty’s Honour, and to maintain his Subjects in the full Enjoy-ment of all those Rights which they mayjufiJy claim by Treaty, and the Law of Natiops j

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,^;

TellersfortheNoesj -.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do humbly knowr his Majesty’s Pleasure, when he wilt be attended by this House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Frauds in

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Gold and whole House, upon the Bill for the better preventing of ver Frauds and Abuses in Gold and Silver Wares. ares'

Resolved, Tjiat this House will, upon Monday

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the and Mean, whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday supply.

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Mondap Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

278 11° — 130 Mar Hi. A. 1738.

Lawt

resp«cfcin£

United

Leather.

Ditto.

Luna, i2a die

Anno 12* Georgii II" Regis, 1738. Praters.

A PETIT ION of several Shoemakers, Sadlers, Gird lers, leather Clog-makers, Patten-makers, and Colliers, in and about Ryegateand Bletcin the County of Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others; and also,

A Petition of several Shoemakers, Sadlers, Girdlers, Bellows-makers, Leather Clog-makers, Patten-makers, and Coblers, in and about the City of , in

the County of Southampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others; Were severally presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That the Petitioners find great Convenience and Advantage in being supplied. by the Curriers, and other Dealers in Leather, with Parts of Hides and Skins: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie itpon the Table, until the Bill to obviate certain Doubts, which have arisen upon the Construetion of the Act, of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for explaining Part of

an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning' tanned Leather, be read a Second time.

the First Year of the Reign of King/a«i« the First, concerning tanned Leather, be read a Second time, upon ThurJUay Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Rogues, Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Vagabonds House, upon the Bill for the more effectual punishing c" of Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons; and for the better Relief of Lunaticks and Foundling Children.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Ways

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Means House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider.further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 130 die Martii;

Anno 12* Georgii II" Regis, 1738.

Time appointed for receiving Addrtis.

Laws

respecting

tanned

Leather.

Stamford and Grantham Roads*

Lincoln

Roads.

Gregory's

Name.

Laws respecting t ill netl

Leather.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That his Majesty having been waited upon, pursuant to the Order Of Fridaylaft, humbly to know when he would be pleased

to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, at his Palace of St. James.

A Petition of the Cordwainers and Shoemakers of the Borough of Tavifock, in the County of , was presented to the House, and read; against the Bill now depending in the House, to obviate certain Doubts, which have arisen upon the Construction of the Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen , intituled, An Act for explaining Part of An Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Tyrconnel presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the lload between Stamford and Grantham, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Vyner presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Roads from the North Parts of the County of Lincoln, through Field,

Wragby Lane, and Baumber Fields, to the Wolds, or North Part, in the said County: And the same was received.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Charles Gregory Esquire, now called Charles Gregory Wade, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of Wade, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Charles Gregory Esquire, hoWn called Charles Gregory Wade, and his Issue Male, to use the Surname of Wade.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dsfire their Concurrence.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill to obviate certain Doubts, which have arisen upon the Construction of the Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in

Praters.

SI R Edmund Isham reported from the Committee, to Brampton whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names Bridge, &c. are thereunto fuferibed, for putting in Execution an Act Roads. of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King GeorgetheFirft, for amending the

Highways leading from Brampton Bridge to Welford Bridge, in the County of Northampton; and also the great Poll Road from Morterpit Hill, in the said County, through Brixworth, Lamport, Maiduiell, Kelmarsh, and Oxenden Magna, to Chain Bridge, leading into Market Harborough, in the County of Land also of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and other Persons, Jiving in, near, and usually travelling through, the said Highways; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition (no Wit-nefi'es or Evidence being produced by the Petitioners to make good the Allegations of either of the Two other Petitions, from the Towns of Brixzcorth and Spratton, which were referred to the same Committee); and that the Committee had directed him to report the Matter of the first-mentioned Petition, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; ..... afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee proceeded, pursuant to the Order of the House, to examine the Matter of the first-mentioned Petition;

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, the Agent for the Petitioners produced and laid before the Committee,

An Act of Parliament, mentioned in that Petition, which passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, whereby several Tolls and Duties were granted for repairing the said Roads; and to have Continuance for the Term of 21 Years, from the 20th Day of March 1721.

Then Witnesses were called;

William Cook and Joseph Menton: Who, being severally examined, as to the Condition of the Roads mentioned in the Petition, said. They are well acquainted therewith; and that the same were in a very ruinous Condition when the Act passed; and that several Parts thereof arc Hill dangerous in the Winter Season, which is occasioned by the excessive Weights constantly drawn through the fame.

William Hanbury Esquire, being examined, said, That the Trustees, impowered to put the Act in Execution, borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the

Act,

Mould’s

Name.

Hounslow to BaGngftone kRoads.

12 Geo. II. 150 Martii. i'Jg

Act, soon after the passing thereof1, in order to make the Roads payable; but some Part of that Money had been paid off;

Then he produced and laid before the Committee, An Account of the Money which had been collected at the several Toll-gates erected by virtue of the said Act, for 16 Years pall; and likewise an Account of the Disbursements for that Time; by which Accounts it appeared, that the Sum of £.350. ios. is Hill due and owing on the Credit of the said Act.

Joseph Churchill, and all the other Witnesses before examined, severally said, That although the Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, together with the Money collected at the several Toll-gates, had been duly laid out and applied, according to the Directions of the said Act, yet the same has not been sufficient to put all the Highways, directed to be amended, into good Repair; and that the same cannot be effectually amended, and made commodious for the Accommodation of all Passengers, and kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers, granted by the said Act, be further enlarged.

Then the Petition of the Farmers, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of Brixworth: and also the Petition of the Farmers, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of Spratton; were read to the Committee: But no Witnesses or Evidence being produced by the Petitioners, to make good the Allegations of either of the Petitions, the Committee did not proceed to examine the Matters thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending the Highways leading from Brampton Bridge to Welford Bridge, in the County of Northampton; and also the great Poll Road from Morterpit Hill, in the said County, through Brixworth, Lamport, Maidwell, Kelmarsh, and Oxenden Magna, to

Chain Bridge, leading into Market in the County of Leicester: And that Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Cartioright, Mr. Compton, Mr. Scaweh, and Mr. Smith, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Jermyn Davers reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill to enable John Mould Esquire, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Moore, pursuant to the Will o[John Moore Esquire, deceased, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Colonel Onjloioreported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the First Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Houvjlow Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called Bajingstone, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of W in the County of

Surry, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows;

The Committee have, in pursuance of the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And it appeared to the Committee, That, by the said Act, several Tolls were granted for effectually repairing the said Road; and that a Power was given to the Trustees to assign over the said Tolls or Duties, thereby granted, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money by them to be borrowed for that Purpose.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners called,

Mr. Timothy Harris, Treasurer to the Trustees: Who, being examined, said, That, in pursuance of the Power

V®l. 23.

therein given* the Sum of £.2,^06 had been borrowed upon the said Tolls, the Interest of which he, as Treasurer, constantly pays; and that the said Sum is now due and owing.

He further said, That the Money arising, from the said Turnpike amounted to about £.650 289

of which was expended in the necessary Charges of collecting, and paying the Interest, of the £.2,500 borrowed; and that the Residue thereof, as well as the £.2,500, had been duly applied towards repairing the said Road; notwithstanding which, the fame, in man/

Places, continues very bad: Which his Evidence, in this Particular, was confirmed by Mr. Henry

Surveyor: And they both concurred in Opinion, That, in order effectually to, repair the said Road, and to enable the Petitioners to repay the aforesaid Debt of £.2,5001 it would be necessary to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by the afore-mentioned Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the First Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Houvjloiv Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called Bajingstone, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windlesham, in the Couni y of SurryAnd that Colonel Onslow, Mr. Papillon, and Mr. Scawen, do prepare, and bring in, the fame*

Mr. Bevan reported from the Committee, who were Expiring appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near ex- i-avv*-piring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued, That the Committee had inquired accordingly, and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in- his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read: And the Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread; which Act was to continue in force for three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and had further Continuance by subsequent Acts, and is now near expiring; is fit to be continued.

ReJ'olved, Thai it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors; which was to be in force from the ift Day of June 1720, for the Term of Nine Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and is near expiring; is fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bevan and Mr. Papillon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, cheftef to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of Hill Morton, Roads, in the County of Warwick; and also of divers principal Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Northampton, and of the Parish es of Creek, E Haddon, and West

Haddon, in the said County of Northampton-, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was’ read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, in pursuance of the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, the Petitioners called

Williant

a8o 13° Martii. J. 1738.

William Ehhes, of Hill Morton: Who, being’ examined, said. That the great Road from Coventry to Northampton, and such Part of the ltoad as leads through DunfmoreHeath to Hill Morton, in the County of Warwick, and from thence through the Pariflves of IFejt Hadlon, and East in the County of Northampton, to St. James's in the Parish of in

the said County, are become so very deep and bad, by the constant pamngof a great Number of heavyCarriages through the fame, thftt Coaches, Carriages, and Travellers, cannot pass without great Danger:

And the same Withefs further said, That the Road mentioned in the Petition was the main Road from Ireland, and several of the Northern Counties; and that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes wherein the Road-lies are not able to amend the fame:

That it appeared to the Committee, the Statrite-wdrk had been done in the Parishes o and EastRaddon,

mentioned in the Petition; and that a'Six-pe'ny Rate had been made and raised on those Parishes.

Thomas Aldersey and William Powell, being severally examined, said, That their Business was to drive Coached travelling for Hire into several Parts of the Kingdom; and that they had lately travelled' through the Road mentioned in the Petition; which, they said, was in a more ruinous Condition than any Road they ever travelled through in any other Part of England.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing so much of the great and main Road from Chester to the City of London, as leads through Dunfmore Heath to the Town *of Hill Morton, in the County of Warwick, and from thence through the several Parishes of Creek, WestHaddon, and East Haddon, in the County of Northampton, to St. James's End, in the Parish of Dunston, in the same County: And that Sir

daunt, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Cartwright, and Mr. Digby, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bemey’a An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Eitat«s. for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Richard

Esquire, deceased, for discharging Incumbrances thereupon, was read a Second time.

llefolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harley, Mr. Carew, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Price, Sir Jermyn Davers, ^I r.Compton, Sir John Peachy,

Sir Edmund isham, Mr. Mr. Sir

Francis Child, Mr. 1-oc, Sir Herbert Mr. iVardour, Sir Roger BradjMr. Mr.

Poule/t, Mr. Vyner, Kir. Byng, Mr. Butler, SUrJohn Barnard, Mr. Tracy, Sir He Gough, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Wynn, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Mr. Codrington, Mr. Longue-

vjlle, Mr. Hay, Mr* FMr.

Mr. Pearfe, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Walker, Lord Robert Montagu, Mr. Fere, Colonel Sir James Grant,

Mr. Bramston, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Sir frapeis Boynton, Mr. Campbell, Sir , Mr. Lloyd, Mr.

Stanhope, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Gibjon, Mr. Brigadier

Handafyd, Mr. Furnesse, Mr Mr. Plumer, Mr.

Brereton, Mr. Leathes; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternhon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Anlwr to Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Ad«ir«fe. Address of Wednesday last. That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions for the building a more spacions and convenient Edifice, that may be made use of for the Reception of the Parliament, had been presented to his Majesty ;and that his Majesty hud commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

St Nicholas A Bill to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Church at Nicholas, in the City of > to raise Money for

\\ «rc<: ci. clifcharging the Debts they have contracted, in rebuilding their Parish Church, was read a 8ecbn4 time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandys,

22

Mr. Lockivood, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Cluttcrbnck, Sir Job to*

Barnctrd, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Herbert, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Mr.

Bramston, Sir Francis Child, General Wade, Sir Herbert Faking fan. Lord Cornbury, Mr. Com/ifttM, M r.Hatleif, Sir Geo. Caficall, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. CarneWall, Mr.'

Lindefay, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Pluttnptrb, Mr.' Hales', Sir Thomas Hales, Sir John Peachey, Lord John Murray,

Mr. Carttcright, Sir Jof. Pennington, Sir Nicolas Wil*

Hams, Sir Charles A lord-aunt, Mr. Fynef, Mr. Ilorfeinon-

den Turner, Mr: Trcfujis, Nfc.Tracy kMr. Mr.

Cam/d/ell, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Mr; Pigott, Mr. Leathes,

Mr. Fere; and all the Members who serve ldr the Coun.* ties of Gloucester, Worcester, Heiefrrd, Salop, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at'Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Fenwick have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Oc- Absence. cations.

A Petition of several Shoemakers, Sadlers, Girdlers, Laws respect-Bellows-makers, Leather Clog-makers, Patten-makers, and Coblers, in and about Froome, in the County of *a er‘ merfet, whoseNames are thereunto subscribed, on behalf Of triemfelVes, and many Others; and also,

A Petition of the several Shoemakers, Sadlers, Bridle-cutters, Bellows-makers, Leather Clog-makers, Patten-makers, arid Coblers, in and about Ongar, and Parts adjacent; in the County of Essex, whose Names are thereunto fiibscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others; and also,

A Petition of several Shoemakers, Sadlers, Girdlers, Bellows-makers, Leather Clog-makers, Patten-naakers, and Coblers, in and about the Borough and Incorporate Town of Denizes, in the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of theihselves, and mariy others;

Were severally presented to the House, and read, representing to the House, That the Petitioners find greatConvenisnceand Advantage in beingfupplied by the Curriers, and Other Dealers in Leather, with Parts of Hides and Skins: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to life upon the Table, until the Bill-to obviate certain Doubts, which have arisen upon the Construction of the Act of the Firfi Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mart), intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, ipadp in the Firil Year of the Reign of King James thte Firfi, concerning tanned Leather, be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Shoemakers, and other Manufac- Ditto, turers of Leather, in the Towns of Minehead and Dunfoar, in the Corintyof SomCrJbt, Was presented to the House, and read, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Hedworth, Sir Riyer i.ee John Heathcote, Sir Wm: Heathcote, Sir Robert Munro, Navigation. Mr. Morgan, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Horsemmden Turney, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petit ion of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Her /ford, and of the Inhabitants of the Town

of Ware, in the County of Hertford, and of several Farmer?, Maltsters, and Barge-owners, living in or near the fiaid Towns, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, dn behalf of thetnselves, and several Hundreds of other Persons, residing near to, and concerned in the Navigation oil, the River Lett, running from Hertford to Ware, and frotn thence to the River of Thames, near the City of London) and of the Governor and Company of the New River, brought from Chadxaell and to Lon-

don; is referi-ed.

A Petition of the Traders in the Woollen Mannfac- Woollen ture; Viz.Clothiers, Serge-makers, Combers, Weavers, Manufacture, and other Inhabiforits, within the Town of A thbuY ton, iri

the

Wiseman’g Bequest towards rebuilding Woolwich Church.

i % Geo. II. i3° Martiu 281

*Jt»e County of Devon, of bety-lf gif themselves, pud all others concerned in the tyid Woollen Manu£a6tyre throughput Great Britain, was presented to the House, andread; complaining of the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and Ireland, and of the Woollen Goods from Ireland, to foreign Parts, contrary tp Law; and of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture: And pray-ipg Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee of the whole House.

ftefalved, That ttys floufe will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself ipto a Committee of the whole House, to confer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the fevoral Petitions, which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, complaining of the claudeftjne Exportation of Wool to foreign Parts, apd of the Decay of the Woollen Manu-fefturfi, he referred to the said Committee.

Mr, Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Re&Qf, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, the principal and other Inhabitants of the Parish of Woolwich, in tpeCoupty of Kent, ip behalfof themselves and the Fed of the Parishioners, was referred. That the Committee had exam ined the M atter of the said Pet i t i on, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House,examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And to prove the Allegations thereof, the Petitioners produced to the Committee,

An Accoppt of Mopey which had been received towards building the said Church; by which it appeared, That the Mopey cohered by Brief, and what has been raised by other public Cohesions and Donations, with /. 3,000 given by Parliament, amounts to the Sum of 2, 5,328 17s. o d.

That by another Account,which they also produced, it further appeared, That the Sum 5,328. 16r. 11 d. hath been expended towards building the fame.

Then they called the following Witnesses; viz.

Mr. Nathanael Hills:Who, being examined, said That the Body and Steeple of the said new Church hath been frpjlt in a substantial Mapper, and well covered in, apd the Finishing begun; but, without a further Sum of Mopey be raised, the same cannot be completed.

Mr. Matthew Spray, Matter Bricklayer, Mr. William Reynolds, MaAer Carpenter, being severally examined, ipjd, That they had made an Estimate, which they produced, of the Works judged necessary to be performed fof completing the said new Church; which, upon a moderate Compaction, will amount to tye Sum of £.03*. 175. 5 4‘or thereabout^, before Divipe Service can be performed therein.

Jt appeared to the Committee, by (he Evidence of vgral Penfops, That jthe old Church is now wholly decayed, apdtheParishiopers are apprebeufi vetyai the same is jn great Danger of falling; and as the Parish ioners are very nun^eftpus and poor, chiefly consisting of Artificers and Labourers employed in his Majesty’s Service, they will, in a Ihprt time, without some Assistance, be destitute of a Place to attend pivine -Service.

Then the Petitioners produced, and laid before the Committee, the last Will and Testament of Daniel ram Esquire, lately dece&fed, dated the 2.6th Day of November 1736; and, upon reading a Clause in the said Will, it appeared. That if it tyould fp happen, that at the Time of the Testator’s Decease, the Parish Church lately built at Woolwich (whereof he was a Trustee), should not be completely finished, and fit for Divine Service, his Will, Direction, and Desire, was. That his Wife Mary Wiseman, who he nominated and appoh#edhi? tyle apd ftply EKecmtrtypf his last Will pud ip

Qpujiw<S,ipn (ftnd together with TrVW?» fn ;the jfi^d

Will named, typuld pay dr pdyape^ W the Mmifter, Churchwardens, and prmcipal Inbatyjfttf? flfthe Vot. 23.

of Wwlwish, tytty Sum or Sums Of M<W> ou$ % Retytyepfbispetfonal Etyfte, aslhpuld^byan able, good, and honest Workman, be found wa,nttyg, and pecessary, for completing mid finitying the Works of the said ne^ Church at Woolwich, such Works as tyould be necessary, proper, and convenient, for Divipe Service, pot exceeding the Sum of £. 1,000 Sterling, to be paid, done, and advanced 9P the fojtowingTerms and Conditions; that is to say, the said^. 1,000 (if finitying the Wprj; should require so much) tyould be paid to the said Parityioqers, after th/a Decease of his Wife Mary Wiseman, andpfter the Pecq^fe of her Mother Elizabeth Croyoh, and not before, unless the Rector or Miniller, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other the Principal Inhabitants, of the said Parity of Woolwich, would figu, execute, or. give tyeir Bopd, obliging themselves, their Heirs, or Sip. to, pay fiis laid Wife Mqry Wife may, apc| her Mptber Elizabeth Cropch, jointly, during their Lives, Of (he Life of the Jongeft Liver or Survivor of each pr. either of them, the present established lawful Ipterest; namely,

5/. per Cent, per Annum fqr each and every Hupdfed Pounds that should be so advanced apd paid, and so, in proportion for any greater or letter Jjqm or Sums; (he said Interelj-money to be paid to them the said Mary Wiseman and Elizabeth Croud}, or the longest Liver pr Survivor of them, or either of them, at the Place of their Abode, half yearly every Year; the last Half Year’s Interest, in which they, or the longest Liver of them, tyould happen to die, to be paid to her Executor, Administrator, or Assigns, for and towards the Interment of them the said Mary Wiseman apd Elizabeth Crouch, or tye longest Liver of them: And from and after the Expiration of the said Half Year, after the Death of Mary Ififcman and Elizabeth Crouch, and the longest Liver of them,

his Wi|l, Direction, and Desire, was. That no more Interest tyould ever be demanded, or paid to any other Person whatever, nor tlje principal Sum, lent, paid, or advanced, ever after demanded, or paid to or for any Person or Persons whatsoever; bpt his Will and Desire was. That the said Bond should, after the Deaths of Mary Wiseman his Wife, and Crouch her Mo-

ther, be entirely cancelled, defaced, obliterated, and made void, as if the said £. 1 ,qoo had peyer been len(, advanced, or paid: The said £. 1,000 being, in the Manner and Method aforesaid, deiigned and intended as a Present to the Inhabitants of the Parish of Woolwich, for the Purposes before-meDtioned.

And it further appeared to t)ie Committee, That (be Parishioners, at a publick Vestry, held the 25,th of February last, wpre willing and desirous to comply with tty Terms in the said Mr- Wif&PPP's Will before-mentioned.

Ordered, That Leave be givep tp bring in a Bill (or applying a Sum of Money, giyen by the Witt of Dpniel Wiseman Esquire, deceased, for finitying the new Church at Woolwich, in the County of JCpnt; apd ty raityg an Annuity, by an AffdTment, on the Parity of Wpofwich, during the Lives of Mary Wifpjpq apd Crquph,

and the Life of the Survivor of (tyro, pursuant tp thp said Will: And that Mr. Byng, Mr. Brprpton, Mr.

Captain Purvis, Mr. Crowle, and Mr. Phiilipfop, 49 prepare, and bring in, the tyrne.

Sir Francis Child presented (9 (he Hppty, aoppfding to Order, a Bill to enable the Pafitytygers of (be Parity of Ealing, in the County of Middkfcz,%o raity Mqpey by Rates upon themselves, for finitying typ Church of typ said Parish: A°d ,the fiune was received; and read tyyf First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be pppfl q %cppd ^me.

The Lord Sundon reported from (be Cqopaittee, to whom the Petition of the Cdm^rntypneip for building p Bridge cross the River Thampf, tippy (foe Wopjfiaple, pr thereabouts, in the Parity ,ofjW. MargUrpt, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, py Jtye (Jpun(y of Surry, was referred, That tty: C fa

the Matter of the said W

$ 5J?IieiWed to them, together with the 4 C Resolution

Ealing

Church.

Westminster

Bridge.

St

b.

282

I3° — 14* Martii.

A. 1738.

w Kefolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House;

Bndge' and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition: And, to prove the Allegations thereof,

The Agent for the Petitionerslaid before the Committee Two Acts of Parliament, theone passed in the Ninth and the other in the 1 ith Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, from the Woolstaple, or thereabouts, in the Pa-rish of St. Margaret, in the City of to the

opposite Shore, in the County of Surry:

That by the first-mentioned Act it appeared, the Commissioners therein named, or any Nine or more of them, were impowered to treat with the Owners and Occupiers of Grounds, or of such House or Houses, for the Purchase thereof, as they shouldjudge necessary, for widening the Streets leading to the intended Bridge; with several other Powers therein mentioned: t

That by the second-mentioned Act the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, were impowered to dispose of such Parts of the said Grounds as they should be possessed of, over and above what may be necessary for opening and widening the Streets and Passages to the intended Bridge, to the bell Advantage; and the Monies arising thereby were to be employed in erecting the intended Bridge.

It also appeared to your Committee, by the Proceedings of the Commissioners to them referred, That Thomas Lediard Esquire had been directed to inquire into the Rents of all the Ground and Houses on each Side of Channel Row, and other Places necessary for opening a Street from the Foot of the intended Bridge to Whitehall, and another into as also what Sums

were demanded for the Purchase of the same; and what Ground Rents could be got for such Part of the said Ground as would not be made use of, for widening the said intended Streets,

And the said Thomas Lediard Esquire, being examined,

said. That upon his Inquiry, pursuant to the said Order, an Objection was made by several of the Proprietors of the said Estates, That the Commissioners have not sufficient Power to compel them to fell any Part of their said Estates, more than what was absolutely necessary for the widening the said intended Streets ouly.

It also further appeared to your Committee, by the Proceedings of the Commissioners, to them referred. That there had been raised, by virtue of a Lottery, granted by an Act, passed in the 10th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for explaining and amending the aforesaid Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Ma- s. d.

jesty, the Sum of - - - - 98,000 o o

That there had been paid to the Subscribers, for 50 Tickets and upwards, at 15 for every 50 Tickets, by virtue of the said Act, \Jie Sum £. s. d. of - - - - r 20,375 14 o

That there had been paid to the Managers of the Lottery,' and the Expence of Three Acts of Parliament, the Sum of - - - 5,853 o 4

To the Bank of England, for their Charges and Trouble the Sum of - 3,000 o o

To several contracting Workmen, &c. by Warrants from the Commissioners, the ’

Sum of - 5,168 2 10

That there remained in the Treasurer’sHandson the 14th of November last the Sum of 3,603 2 10

—— 38,000 o o

d.

That there now remains in the Hands of £. the Bank of England, for the Disposition of

the Commissioners, the Sum of 60,000 o o

Upon which said Sum of £. 60,000 there is already charged by Contract about £. 28,000.

It likewise further appeared to your Committee, by the Contracts laid before them by the Agent for the Commissioners, That the said Commissioners had contracted to pay for building the Superftrudure of the said intended Bridge £.28,000; and also for the Two largest Piers, at the Rate of 4?. per cubical Foot.

Mr. Charles Labelye, Engineer to the said Commissioners being examined,said, That the Two largest Piers, at the Rate of 45-. per cubical Foot, would coll about £. 6,000: That the intended Bridge was to be built upon 13 Piers; which would coll about £. 37,000: And that the Two Abutments would coll about 5,000; and the Apparatus for building the Piers 14,000; All which Sums, together with the^.28,000 lor building the Superftrudure, amount to £. 90,000.

He further said. That great Quantities of Materials had been provided for the Purposes aforesaid.

And Thomas Lediard Esquire, being.again examined, said. That, if some further Powers were granted to the said Commissioners, several very commodious Ways and Passages might be made to both Houses of Parliament, and the Courts of Justice; which, together with what will be wanting to pm chafe Ferries, Ground -Rents, and Houses, and to make proper Ways and Passages lo and from the intended Bridge (of which he has not yet been able lo make any Estimate) will be attended with considerable Expences.

Whereupon the Committee came to the following Resolutions: '

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Sum of Money will be necessary to enable the Petitioners to finish the Bridge under their Care, with the Two Abutments thereof, and to perform the other Trulls reposed in them.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That further Powers be granted to the Petitioners, in order to remove all Doubts and Difficulties concerning their purchasinjf and disposing of Ground or Houses, lying near to the Streets, Ways, and Passages, on each Side of the River of Thames, to and from the said Bridge; and also to enable them to make Ways and Passages to and from both Houses of Parliament, and the Courts of Justice.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, That Leave be given to bring ina Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions aforesaid.

The First and Second Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that the Lord Sundon, Sir Charles Wager, Colonel General Wade, Mr.

Winnington, Mr. Pluihptre, Mr. Brereton, and Mr. Thomas Corbett, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 140 Martii;

' Anno 12* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1738.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker reported. That the House attended his Majesty upon Monday last, with their Address: To which his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer;

Gentlemen,

Answer t« Address*

12 Geo. II. 140 Martii.283

Gentlemen,

I Give you my Thanks for this dutiful Address, and the Confidence you repose in me. You may be allured,

I will be wanting in nothing that may be necessary to maintain the just Rights of my Subjects, and the Honour of my Crown and Kingdoms.

Mould’s An ingrossed Bill to enable Mould Gfquire, and

N*me* his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of

Moore,pursuanl to the Will of John Esquire,

deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That, the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable John Mould Esquire, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Moore, pursuant to the Will of John Moore Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Sir Jermyn do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

nibble Ordered, That Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Mr.

Bridge. Wilkinson, Mr. Owen, Mr. John Owen, Mr. Turner,

Sir Wm. Jollijfe, Sir Robert Munro, Lord Charles vendish, Mr. Archer, Mr. Mr. Walter Lloyd,

Mr. Bevan, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Sir Pennington, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, Land-owners, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County Palatine of Lancaster, on behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants of the same County, is referred.

Tracy* Mr. Bevan, reported from the Committee,to whom the Nau Bill fop naturalizing James Tracy, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

High price A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereof Coal*, unto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and all other the Inhabitants of the Borough of Southwark, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That for several Years past the Price of Coals hath been raised to, and kept up at, so exorbitant a Degree, as to become a very great Grievance to the Petitioners inr general, and more especially to such of them who are concerned in the several valuable Branches of Trade whichare carried on within the said Borough: And that the numerous Poor within the said Borough have found, and stili feel, such an extraordinary Advance in the Price of a Commodity so absolutely necessary, to be an Oppression almost infup-portable: And that an enhanced Price hath not been the only Imposition of which the Petitioners have had reason to complain, it being remarkable, that during the time that Coals imported into the Port of London have borne a much greater Price, such Coals have likewifebeen much worse in Quality than heretofore known; and that the Petitioners are well informed, that these Grievances have arisen from Combinations entered into for that Purpose, by divers Persons who are concerned in, and are endeavouring to monopolize, the Coal Trade: And that the Provisions of the several Laws now in being having been found ineffectual for restraining such Combinations, or re-dressing the great Abuses arising therefrom, the Petitioners are apprehensive, that, unless some speedy and effectual Remedy be applied by Parliament, the Evils complained of will not only continue, but increase, to the great Detriment and Oppression of the Petitioners, and the Manu-fasturers, and the Trade of the Kingdom in general: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to

Vei. 33.

whom the Petition of several Persons, whole Names ar thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and of the Glais-makers, Brewers, Distillers, Sugar-bakers, Soapboilers, Smiths, Dyers, Brick-makers, Lime-burners,

Founders, and Callico-printers, and other Traders and Inhabitants in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, who are Consumers of large Quantities of Coals, imported from Newcastle, and the Northern Parts of England, into the Port of London, is referred.

A Petition of several Shoemakers, Sadlers, Girdlers, Lawsrefpea-Bellows-makers, Leather Clog-makers, Patten-makers, ing tanned and Coblers, in and about Weflbury, in the County of Leather. Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, ana many others, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, that the Petitioners find great Convenience and Ad vantange in being supplied by the Curriers, and other Dealers in Leathei', with Parts of Hides and Skins: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to obviate certain Doubts, which have arisen upon the Construction of the Act, of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled.

An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather, be read a Second time.

The Lord William Manners reported from the Com- Spittlegate mittee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Road*. Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other Trustees, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Spittlegate Hill,near Granthain the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham; and also of several Gentlemen, Farmers, and Waggoners, living near, and usually travelling through, the said Road; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition :7

And, to prove the Allegations thereof.

The said Act, passed in the 12th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, was produced; whereby it appeared, that several Tolls were granted for repairing the Roads mentioned in the Petition; which Act was to continue for the Term of 21 Years, from the 25th Day of June 1726: And,

Mr. Richard. Herring, Treasurer to the Trustees, being called and examined, said. That £. 1,600 had been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act; of which, there now remained due, the Sum of £. 1,1 53. its. 4rf.; all which Money had been applied towards the Repair of the said Roads, whichare 23 Miles in Length: Then

Mr. Samuel Forfier, formerly Treasurer of the Turnpike, but now a Trustee, was called, and examined!

Who confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Herring-, and added, That the Debt now due carries aii Interest at £. 5 per Cent, and the Credit of the Act was so much declined, that the Trustees were obliged to borrow Money on, and give their personal Security.

And being examined, as to the Reason for fettingup a Turnpike at Grantham, he said, That one of the Turnpikes is put up at Balderton, which is Nine Miles from Grantham, and One from Newark: That, when the Turnpike stood at Foston, which is Three Miles' from Grantham, and Seven from Newark, the Drivers of Cattle from Balderton by Sewston, avoided paying of Tolls at Foston.

The said Mr. Forjler and Mr. Herring said. That the Tolls produced, on an Average, £. 350 yearly gross Money; out of which there is paid, ' f

Leave of Absence.

Ditto.

Carrying Sugar directly from the Colonies to foreign Ports.

14* Martii. A. 1738.

Per Annum.

To One Surveyor.

To Two Surveyors more

To the Clerk -

To the Treasurer -

To Four Collectors, at 18 5 s. each

15-----

15-----

5 5" 73-----

Total of yearly Charge - no 5 —

Mr. Forjier said, That he believed the removing of the Turnpike from Fqfton to Grantham will increase the Income about £, 1 io a Year: And he further said. That the Composition paid yearly by thelnhabitants, in the Neighbourhood of Newark, is 5 s. per House; and the Competition for the Inhabitants of Grantham, is 2 s.

Mr. Wm. Hanfel, being examined, said, That some of

the Materials necessary for repairing the said Roads Were Four Miles distant from some Part thereof, which cost 5 r. per Load for the Carriage; and that the Stone necessary for the Repairs cost about Sd. per Load getting.

Mr. Brijlow being examined, confirmed the Evidence

given by Mr. Herring and Mr. Forjier, as to the Sum of Money borrowed, and the Debt remaining, charged Upon the Tolls granted by the said A ft.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from tlegate Hilt near Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham: And that the Lord William Manners, Mr. Pelham, Mr. White, and Colonel Pelham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Howe, have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Rutherford have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of the Merchants, and Planters, and others, trading to, and interested in, his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth the Importance to this Kingdom of the said Colonies, and the Trade thereof; and reprefen ting to the House, the present flourishing Condition of the French Sugar Settlements, and the present low Condition of the British Colonies; and attributing this surprising Alteration in the Condition of the British and French Sugar Colonies, amongst others, to the following Causes; viz. To the great Disadvantage and Inequality the British Sugar Trade lies under to that of France, from the very high Duties, both at Home and in the Plantations, on our English Sugars, compared with those laid on the French -, to the Supplies of Provisions, and other Necessaries, the French have from Ireland and North America,without which they could not fitbfift;

and to the Reftpaints the British Colonies are under, as the Laws now ftaud, (from fending any Sugars, Coffee, Cocoa, Indigo, and Ginger, to foreign Markets, before they are -first landed in Great Britain; by which Means they are Liable to the great Charge, Rifqne, and Delay, attending a double Voyage: And representing to the Houft^ That the Liberty of a direct Exportation of the Products of our Sugar Islands to the several foreign Ports in 1 Europe,is -the only Means left to regain the so-

reign Sugar Trade, and to put the British Merchants ouoe more in a Capacity of disputing the foreign Sugar Markets with the French: Andexprelfing the Hope of the Petitioners, that the great Advantage the Trade and Navigation of Great Brit am, as well as the Province of South Carolina, have received -by a Liberty of the same Nature, with regard to Rice, will be a farther Inducement to this House to grant this Liberty to our Sugar Plantations: And furtherrepresentingto tteidoufe, That another great Disad vantage thefimtpft -Sugar Setdaanots labour under arises from the Duties payable on Cocoa,

Coffee, Ginger and Rum, inported into Great Britain from the British Colonies, and the Prohibition to fell Ram in less Quantities than Two Gallons: And felting forth, That, as the Petitioners, out of a due Regard to the Sense of this House, and to the general Good of the Nation, have with great Deference, submitted to the apparent Disadvantages they labour under, by the Act against retailing spirituous Liquors in less Quantities than Two Gallons, without presuming to ask any Alteration in the fame, they are encouraged to hope, that the Duty and Excise on Rum shall be lessened: And further representing to the House, a farther great Discouragement the British Sugar Colonies labour under, from the Importation of French Sugars, Rum, and Melasses, into Great Britain and our Northern Colonies in without paying any more Duty, than if they had been of British Produce, the present Laws for preventing the same being most notoriously evaded, and by no means sufficient to remedy this Evil; and therefore representing it as a Matter absolutely necessary for the Supporting the Sugar Colonies of this Kingdom, that the Laws already made for laying Duties ou foreign Sugars, Runt* and Melasses, imported into Great Britain and America, may receive such Alterations and Additions thereto, as may be sufficient effectually to prevent all such clandestine Commerce for the future: And further representing to the House, That the Trade in Indigo, which our British Colonies had formerly so large a Share in, as to be able, not only to supply enough for our Home Consumption, but also to export great Quantities thereof to foreign Parts, is now wholly gained from U9 by the French, from whom we are under a Necessity of buying almost all the Indigo we use; the Loss of which Trade was entirely owing to the high Duties laid on this Commodity in Great Britain; and that there is too much Reason to fear the like ill Consequences may attend the present high Duties on our Sugar, Cocoa, Coffee, and Ginger; and that the Necessity we are under for Indigo is so great, that when the Trade for that Commodity was in our Hands, it was subjected to a greater Duty than it could bear; yet, that now it is entirely in the Hands of Foreigners, the Legislature has thought fit, as an Encouragement to the Importation of it, to exempt it from paying any Duty at all; and that the Sum this Nation pays yearly to IVance for Indigo, does not amount to less (as the Petitioners believe) than £. 150,000; and therefore submitting to the Consideration of the House, whether it would not be of great Benefit to the Publick, that some proper Encouragement should be given to the Planting of Indigo, so as thereby to be enabled to recover that Trade; and that such a R eduftion be made in ti«e Duty and Excise on other West India Commodities, as may preserve and promote our Trade therein: And further representing to the House the many ill Confe-queuce6 to this Kingdom, which the Loss of our Sugar Colonies must be art tended with: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises, into their most ferioqs Consideration; and to provide such ample and effectual Remedies in fnoh of the several Particulars before-named, as shall at present be thought most expedient, and as the House shall judge proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House wiH, Tomorrow Seven-night, refoflve rtfelf into a Committee of the Whole House, toconsider-of the said Petition.

A Petition of the Shoemakers and other Manufac- Lawirtfpeft-turers of Leather of Kirktry Kendall, and Parts adjacent, >ng tanned in the County of Westmorland,was presented to the ^*atber’ House, and read, agaiirft the Bill now depending in this House, to obviate certain Doubts, whidh ‘have arifeji upon the Cooftruftion of the Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Gfueen Mary, intitule^.

An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year «of the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather.

Ordered,

i 2 Geo. II. 140 — i f Martii. . 2-84

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table And the said Petitions were federally ordered to lie_ until the said Bill be read a Second time. Upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Nibble Ordered, That Mr. Lindefay, Sir James Naysmith,. Bridge. Mr Jlal/cett, Mr Heron, M M

Mr. Brudenelt, Mr. Dimm Mr. Wynne,

Mr. Falle, and Mr. Lock be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, Land-owners, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County Palatine of Lancaster,on behalf of themselves and others.

Inhabitants of the same County, is referred.

Woollen Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay Cloth before this House, the Amount of the Duty arising upon exported, Woollen Cloth of all Sorts, exported for Three

Years, to Christmas lad.

A Bill for repairing the Roads from the North-West Lincoln Parts of the County of Lincoln, through Nett lam Fields, Roads* WragbyLane, and Baumber Fields, to the Wolds, or North-East Part of the said County, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr and Mr.

Saivyer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A rtPunishing for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters without e er ‘ou any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Frauds in The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Gold and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

.Silverwares. fjie Hill for the better preventing of Frauds and Abuljps in Gold and Silver Wares j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ways The other Order of the Day being read, for the House and Means, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to consider of the Drawback allowed on the Exportation of wrought Plate or Manufactures of Silver.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee That they had come to several Resolutious; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrow-Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to hf£ Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 150 die Mart it;

Anno 12# Georgii II41 Regis, 1738.

PllAYERS.

Laws re- A P F. TIT I O N of the Shoemakers, Curriers, and speding tan- jr^ other Manufacturers of Leather, of the Town of ned Leather, jfrrexham, in the County of Denbigh, and Parts adjacent; and also,

A Petition of the Cordwainers and other Manufacturers of Leather of the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts; ‘

Were fevernllv presented to the House, and read,

against the Bill, now depending in this TIoufe, to

obviate certain Doubts, which have arifenupon the Construrtion of the Art of the First Year of the Reign of King Will and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Art, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather.

Vol. 43.

A Petition of the Shoemakers of Wolverhampton, in Laws re-the County of Stafford,whoseNames are thereunto sub- speding tan-

feribed, on behalf of themselves, and all others of the ned Leatll"r fameTrade in Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of die Incroachments of the Curriers on the Trade of the Cordwainers; And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill to obviate certain Doubts, which have arisen upon the Construrtion of the Art of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Art, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather, be read a Second time.

Mr. Careio reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen whoseNames are Hwi'piul-thereunto subscribed, on belief of themselves, and other Contributors, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di* rerted him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows;

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined t he Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof,

Mr. Wm. Atkinson was called: Who said. That there was now in the Hands of Messieurs Hoare and Arnold the Sum of £4,181. 5 s.b$d. fur erecting an Hospital at Bath, for the Relief and Support of such indigent and poor Persons resident in, and belonging to, Great Britain and Ireland, as are not able, without such Charity, to have any Benefit from the Waters at Bath.

Mr. James Leake being examined, fin'd. That an Hospital is now building for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for erertingandestablishing anHospital or Infirmary within the City of Bath, in the County for the Relief of poor Persons resorting to the said City for the Benefit of the mineral Waters there; for incorporating the Trustees; and for the better Management and Dif-position of the Charities already given, or to be given, for the Support and Maintenance of the said Hospital, or Infirmary: And that Mr. Careio, Mr. Ge-

neral IFade, and the Lord Palmerston, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising

the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Befolutions vvh'uji they had direrted him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Two Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be

4 D raised

Ways and Atean*.

i86

150 Martii.

J. 1738.

raised in the Year 1739, upon Lands, Tenements, He- by which Deceit and Adulteration, the Petitioners are reditaments, Pensions, Offices, and personal Fllates, in

that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick u/wn Tweed; and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Refilled, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That no Drawback or Allowance shall be made, or paid, on the Exportation of wrought Plate, or Manufactures of Silver, that shall have been wrought or made above Ten Years before the Entry of the same for Exportation, praying the House to take the Premises into Considera-The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second tion; and to give the Petitioners such Relief, as to the

defrauded in the Use and Service intended from such Commodity, to the Detriment of the Consumers in general; but the much greater Injury and Loss to all Workmen and Artificers, whose Labour and Manufactures are thereby rendered unprofitable and useless; to the great Destruction of Trade and Industry, in all the considerable Branches of Bnfiness; which from these Consequences, are subjected to the Impositions and Monopoly of the Litters, and their Principals, at and in the Northern Part of England: And therefore

time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the fayl Resolutions: and that Mr. Francis Fane, Mr. Earle, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. the Lord Sundon, Mr. Winning ton, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. and Mr. Edward

Walpole, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better preventing Frauds and Abuses in Gold and Silver Wares, is committed. That they have Power to receive a Clause, pursuant to the laii of the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That Henry Rolle Esquire, a Member of this I louse, in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for neglecting to attend his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

A Petition of the Shoemakers or Cordwainers, Sad-tprttngtaa- lers, and Curriers, in the Town of Ncicport, in ueJ Leather. w-as prefen ted to the House, and read; representing to the House, That the Petitioners find great Convenience and Advantage in being supplied by the Curriers and Leather-fellers of tanned Leather, whether curried or uncurried, with Pieces of Leather: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Billto obviate certain Doubts, which havearifen upon the Conllruftion of the Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of Ring the First, concerning

tanned Leather, be read a Second time.

Frauds in IxoJiI and MiivcrWarcs.

Itefaulters to Call of the

House*

House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cotisideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on the behalf of themselves, and of the Glass-makers, Brewers, Distillers, Sugar-bakers, Soap-boilers, Smiths, Dyers, Brick-makers, Lime-burners, Founders, and Callico-printers, and other Traders and Inhabitants, in and about the Cities of London and Westminster,who are Consumers of large Quantities of Coals imported from Neiccajlte, and the Northern Parts of England, into the Port of London, is referred.

A Mefl’age

Law* re-

JLeave of Abiruce

Ditto.

High Pries of Coals.

from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr.

Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Archibald Hamilton Esquire, commonly called Lord Archibald Hamilton, and his Heirs, the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of , therein mentioned, in Trull, to convey the same to Sir William Irby Baronet, and his Heirs; and for laying out the Purchase-money in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses, and upon the Trulls, therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves, and of the Glass-makers, Brewers, Distillers, Sugar-bakers, Soap-boilers, Smiths, Dyers, Brick-makers, Lime-burners, Founders, and Callico-printers, and other Traders and Inhabitants, in and Ordered, That Mr. OJbaldeston have Leave to go into about the Cities of and Who are

the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions. Consumers of large Quantities of Coals, imported from

Newcastle, and the Northern Parts of England, into the

Ordered, That. Mr. Robert Harley have Leave to go into t!.e Country’ for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Port of London, is referred, That they do admit Counsel to be heard in Favour of the said Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of same time, against the said Petition, if the Persons con-the antient Corporation and Town of Cambridge, aflem- cerned think fit.

bled at the Guild-hall of the said Town, the 6th Day ofi Ma<vh 17 >d, on the Behalf of themselves, and the several Traders ami Consumers of Coals in the said Town, was pres nted to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Town of Cambridge, being a great and populous Town, situated at the Mead of the River Cam, doth con-

Resolved, Nemine contradicente.That an humble Ad-

dress be presented to his Majesty, to congratulate his Majesty on the Increase of the Royal Family, by the Princess of Wales being happily delivered of another Prince; and to exp refs our great Joy and Comfort in

fume and vend great Quantities of Coals imported at the this great Blefiing, which will be a further Addition of

Port of Lynn, from Newcastle, and other the Northern Parts of this Kingdom: And that, within Seven Years lait pall, great Abuses and Burdens have been hid upon the said Trade by many indirect Methods and Practices, by PerfoiR concerned in the Management and Monopoly of the fame, at AVr.vc a file, and other Places in the North of England: And that the Price of Cools, at the Port of Lynn, hath been greatly advanced thereby’, ami the Measure of the said Commodity much lessened to all Ships trading in the fame; to the Prejudice of Navigation, anil the Oppression of the Petitioners: And that of late great Quant ities of bad and nnserviceable Coals have been imported, and iiuposed on the Consumers as good;

Strength to the Protestant Interest, and of Security to the Laws and Liberties of this Nation.

Ordered, That the said Address he presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House ns are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That a congratulatory Mefl'age be font to Mieir Royal HighnelTes the Prince and Princess of Wales on this joyful Occasion.

Ordered, That Mr. St. , Mr. Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Ui /ner, Mr. Mor den. Si Grant, Mr. llcdzearth,9lr Thomas Clarke, and Sir Joint-

RamJ'den, do attend the;r Royal HighnelTes with the said Mefl'age.

A Mefl’age

Lord

Hamilton’s

Elute,

High Price of Coalt,

Add re ft on the Birth of a Priuce.

Meflagp on the Birth of a Prince;

Geo. II. 150 — \6° Martii* 287

Itiyal Aflfent A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles j

to Gentleman Ulher, of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal A (Tent to One publick Bill, and Two private Bills, following; viz.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:

An Act for naturalizing Jacob Murijbn, Na-

thanael Voogd, Samuel Cley, and others:

An Act for naturalizing J a ryes William Benb

Morin, and Charles Delon.

Ijivisrespect- The Order of the- Day being read, for the Second *JK Reading of the Bill to obviate certain Doubts, which

.eatber. jiaye arisen Upon the Construction of the Att of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather;

The Counsel for and against the said Bill were called in:

And the said Bill was read a Second time:

And the Petition of the Cordwainers, and other Manufacturers of Leather into Wares, in and near the City of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also read:

And the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Leather-fellers in the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, or Members of the Company of Leather-fellers in the City of London, on behalf of themselves, and others exercising the Trade of Leather-fellers, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, was also read:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners, upon the Petition of the Cordwainers, and other Manufacturers of Leather into Wares, in and near the City of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, were heard:

And the Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, Twen-ty-second. Twenty-third, Twenty-fourth, and Twenty-fifth Sections of an Act,made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act concerning Tanners; Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers, occupying the Cutting of Leather, was also read: And the Fourteenth Section of an Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act to restrain the Exportation of Leather and raw Hides out of the Realm of England, was also read:

And the Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King Janies the First, concerning tanned Leather, was also read:

And then the Counsel for the said Petitioners the Cordwainers examined several Witnesses and produced Evidence:

Then the Counsel for and against the said Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vor.. 23.

V eneris, 16° die Mart it \

Anno 12* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1738.

Prayers.

COLONEL Onjloicprefenled to the I Ioufe, accord- Ilounltou to ing to Order, a Bill for enlarging the 'Perm and Baiinufr.me Powers granted by an Act, passed in the First Year of 08 s' the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Powder Mills, on Hea/h, in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called Bajingstone, near the Town of Bagsh in the Pariili of Windlcsham, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Answert#

Address of Yesterday, congratulating his Majesty on the Addrest.

Increase of the Royal Family, by the Princess of Wales

being happily delivered of another Prince, and eXprefling

their great Joy and Comfort in this great Blessing,

which will be'a further Addition of Strength to the

Protestant Interest, and of Security to the Laws and

Liberties of this Nation, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty was pleased to return his

Thanks to this House, for this further Instance of their

Duty and Affection to him.

Mr. St. John reported to the House, That his Royal AnfWdr to Highness the Prince of Wales had been attended with Message. the congratulatory Message of this House, on the Increase of the Royal Family, by the Princess of Wales being happily delivered of another Prince; and lhatUi9 Royal Highness was pleased to return this Answer:

Gentlemen,

I return you my Thanks for this Mark of your Duty to the King, and Regard to me,

Mr. Packer presented to the House, according to Or- Fyfield, fcc, der, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted Roads, by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Fyfield, in the County of Berks, to St. John’s Bridge, in the County of Gloucester; and for repairing the Roads from a House called the Sign of the Swan, to an Inn called the Hind’s Head, in the Parish of Kingslone in the said County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Bejolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Charles Cavendish presented to the House, BakrtHl according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Roads from &c. Road-the Town of Bakeivell,in the County of Derby, through

the Town of Chejlcrfield, in the same County, to the Town of WorkJ'opp, in the County of Nottingham; and from the Head or North End of a certain Street, called Gleiomangate, in t.heTown of Cliejlerfieldaforesaid,to the Town of Mansfield, in the said County of Nottingham.1 And the same was received; and read the First time. llejolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Francis Fane presented to the House, according Supply Bill) to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by Laml.Tsjr, a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1739: Aud the same was received; and read the First time.

Bejolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Merchants, Ship Masters, and others, Dispute* of the City of Aberdeen, North B, was presented nitti Spain, to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Resolutions taken lull Session, by both Houses of Parliament, and the Equipment osso powerful a Fleet in conftquence thereof, put the Petitioners in great Hopes, that, in any Treaty with Spain, it would have been settled as a Preliminary Article, That no British Ships could be searched

or

a88

i 6" Martii.

A, 1738.

Leave of Abfeace.

Ditto.

Reljef of Insolvent

Woolk*

Manufactur

or molested on the open Seas, going to or coming from, the Plantations, or other Ways,upon any Pretence whatsoever; and that Trade and Navigation would befecured, and left free and open; but that, upon reading and considering the late Convention betwixt. Great Britain and Spain, and the Protest of Don de la Quadra, the

Petitionerscannothelpexpreifing their ConcernandFears, tint the Trade and Navigation of the Subjects is thereby left open to the Mercy of the Spaniards, and their dM Cojtas, whereby the Trade and Manufactures in that

Part of Great Britain mull be considerably funk, if not entirely loft: And therefore praying the House to take such Measures, as that Trade to the American Plantations, and other Ways, may, for the future, be effectually secured against the Instilts and Captures to which it hath hitherto been exposed, to the great Prejudice of his Majesty’s trading Subjects, as to the Spirit and Wisdom of a Briti/k Parliament may seem fit. 1

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. St.John have Leave to go into the Country for a Week, upon extraordinary Occa-fious.

Ordered, That Sir John Aflley have Leave to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

A Bill for explaining an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for Relief <^f insolventDebtors; and for amending the same Act, and so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, as extends the Benefit of the said Act for Relief of insolvent Debtors to Creditors, whose Debtors Were committed to Prtfon since the Fil'd Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty, and were detained there upon the FirdDay of January One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-six, and had cliofe to continue there; with respect only to such Debtors as, by virtue of the said Acts, or either of them, have been compelled to deliver up their Estates and Effects to their Creditors; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Hay, Mr. Bevan, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Harley, Mr. Corbett, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Hunger-ford, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Pleyde Mr. Banks, Sir Hen. Gough, Mr. Trefufis, Sir Geo. Mr. Knight,

Mr. Bramston, Mr. Archer, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Owen, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Martin, Mr. Carew, Sir John Rarnfdi-n, Sir John Turner, Mr. Harris, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Walker, fxn d Baltimore, Colonel Onslow, Captain Gough, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Horfmonden Turner, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Whitworth, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Bijfe, Mr. Cojler, Mr. Itofe, Mr. Toutnjhend, Mr. Fydell, Mr. Treby, Mr. Sir

Jatnes Grant, Mr. Plumer, Mr. I I ticks, Mr. White, Mr.

Tmoer:, Mr. Earle, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Mr. Forester, Mr. V.\pier, Mr. Papilbn, Mr. More, Lord Charles

vendish, Lord Tyrconncll, Mr. Sloper, Sir Robert Captain Toicnjhend, Sir John Heathcote, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Rohe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Hofiers, Woolcombers, Worded c. Yarn-makers, Framework-knitters, and other Manufacturers of Wool; and alfp of the Dealers in Wool, and other trading Inhabitants, of the Borough of,

and Places adjacent, in behalf of themselves, and many Thou sands of Families, whose Business much depends on the said Manufacture; was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committeeof the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Traders in the Woollen Manufacture, viz.Clothiers, Serge-makers, Combers, Weavers, and other Inhabitants, within the Town of Ashburton, in the

2 3.

County of Devon, on the Behalf of themselves, and all; t others concerned in the said Woollen Manufacture throughout Great Britain, is referred.

The Lord Tyrconnel reported from the Committee, to St. Martin whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, Vestries, and the Fields, Inhabitants of the several Parishes of Martin in the tucts’ &c‘ Fields, St. James, Westminster, ami St. George, Hanover Square, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j ana he rea 1 the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, in pursuance of the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition.

And, to prove the Allegations of the fame, the Petitioners called,

Edward Norton, of the Parish of Saint Mai tin ;Who, being examined, said, That the Pavements in tire several Streets, Lanes, and Alleys, of the said Parish of St. Martin, are in a very ruinous Condition; and the Ileafon is, that the Inhabitants do little or nothing towards repairing the fame; and, when they do any thing, they do not observe a due Level: That there are Holes in the Streets, which are occasioned, frequently, by the Proprietors of the Water works breaking up the Pavements, and, when they amend them, they generally fill the Holes witliRub-bish, iuflead of Gravel, whereby the Streets, soon after, become in a very bad Condition, and dangerous for Passengers; and that, before any new-built Houses, the-Proprietors seldom remove the Rubbish in any reasonable time, which is a great Nuil’ance to the Inhabitants of the Parilli: And he further said, That the Scavengers do not do their Duty in the Parish; but, if they were obliged to do it by Law it would be of a great Service to all the Inhabitants of the said Parish.

Joshua Taylor, Thomas Middleton, Richard Dew, and John Clarke, being examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Norton: And Mr. John Clatkeadded further, That

the Scavengers have not a Power to collect the Money assessed; and that he loft £.20 by that means when he was Scavenger: Said further, That People who live in Courts and Alleys ofteD, in the Night-time, throw Dirt bofore such of the Inhabitants Doors as live in the publick Streets; and that, several of those Inhabitants have been indicted for the fame: And that there are several Cellars in this Parish, the Doors whereof come out into the publick Streets, which are very detrimental to many of his Majesty’s Subjects, and that their Lives are often endangered thereby.

John Newton, being caller’, and examined, as to the Parish of St. James, said, That the publick Streets,

Lanes, and Alleys, in that Parish, are not only exceeding bad before Houses uninhabited, but also before those which are inhabited; and they have no Power to oblige the Inhabitants of Houses to pay any Rate, or to force the Owners of empty Houses to repair the Pavements before their Houses: That there are very unequal Levels in the Streets, and, when the Inhabitants pave the fame, they oftener use Dirt and Rubbish, than Gravel and good Materials: That the Proprietors of the Water-works do not pave the Streets as they ought to do; and that the Pavements before such Houses as are inhabited are very feldornrepaired; and that the Custom of having Cellars into the Streets is very detrimental.

James IJartings and John Yeatnan confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Nezvton; And Mr. Yeaman further said, That "the Pipes belonging to the Proprietors of the Water-works at the Back of the Prince of

Wales's House, have laid open near Two Months together, which made it dangerous for his Highnels to go that Way in a Chair or Coach.

Matlhexo Punk, of the Parish of St. George, Hanover Square, being examined, said. That the Pavements of the; Streets,

12 Geo. II. 16* Martti. 289

Streets, Squares, and Lanes, in the said Parish of George Hanover Square, are, in many Places, for want of proper Levels, in a most ruinous and dangerous Condition; and that, the Scavengers not doing their Duty, there are'many Holes in the Streets ofthat Parish, which are covered with Dirt, and thereby Coaches and Carts are often overturned; and, as there is not proper Care taken to remove the Rubbish oqt of the Streets, the Streets are often so ruinous, especially before empty Houses, that Persons walking through the same often find it very difficult and dangerous to pass and repass.

John Bullock, John Longs, and John Williams, being severally examined, confirmed the Evidence of Matthew Pank: And the Three Witnesses lait mentioned further laid, that several Bulks, Stalls, and Dunghills, in the Streets of the several Parishes,.were great Nuisances to the Inhabitants thereof; and that they could not, by any means, now prevent the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better paving andcleanfing the Streets in the Parishes of Saint Martin in the Fields, St. James and

St. George Hanover Square, within the Liberties of the City of Westmivfter: And that the Lord Tyrconnel, the Lord Sidney Beauclerk, General Wade, Sir William Jol-Itffe, and Mr. Thomas Archer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Collection Mr. Robert Hacks reported from the Committee to

of Couaty whom the Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace te«, «c. fQr tjje county Qf Middlesex,in their General Quarter Sessionaflembled, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had di« reded him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolution of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition: And, to prove the Allegations thereof,

Mr. John Higgs was called: Who said. That he was appointed, by the said Justices, Treasurer for the County of Middlesex-, and that a Rate was made, by Order of

the said Justices, in their Sessions in April 1734, for the Faffing and Relieving of Vagrants:

That the said Rate was drawn up in the same manner as former Rates for the said Purposes have been usually drawn; he having examined and compared the same himself, with divers other former Rates:

That the said Rate was, in Trinity Term 1734, removed by Certiorari into the Court of King’s Bench, and was quashed in Hilary Term following.

Mr. Alexander Clarke, formerly High Constable for Holbome Division, being examined, said. That an Action had been brought against him by Thomas Wilbourne, a petty Constable, for Money received by him of the said Wilbourne, being Money collected on the said Vagrant Rate.

Mr. John Higgs, being again examined, confirmed the said Clat ke’s Evidence: And further said. That, in Easter Term 1735, the Court of King’s Bench was moved to grant an Information against him, for a Misdeameanour, on receiving Money, as Treasurer of the County, on the said Vagrant Rate, which had been quashed; although he had received the Money before the Removal of the said Rate by Certiorari.

Mr. Higgs further said. That au Order of Sessions was made in May 1736, for another Vagrant Rate, in the Head of that quashed in 1734; in which Order the said Justices directed the Money which had been received on the said quashed Rate, should be allowed, as Money paid on the said new Rate; and further directed him (Mr. Higgs) to lay the said Rate before Counsel; which was accordingly laid before Sir Thomas Abney, and settled by his Advice and Direction.

That the said Rate was removed into the Court of King’s Bench in Michaelmas Term 1736; and, aotwith-Voi» 23.

Handing the re was all the Care and Caution taken that could be, in the drawing up the said Order, the said Rate was quashed in Easter Term 1737.

Mr. Higgs further said, That, in January 1735, an Order of Sessions was made, for the raising the Sum of £. 200 for repairing of Brentford Bridge, then very much out of Repair, in the same manner as has been usually practised:

That this Rate was removed in Michaelmas Term 1736, and was affirmed in Michaelmas Term 1738; and that, during the intermediate Time, there had been divers Motions made in the Court of King’s Bench, and the final Determination thereof had been poflponedfor several Terms; by which means upwards of 50 had been expended out of the Money intended by the Rate to have been raised for repairing the said Bridge, and only £. 60 had been paid towards the Repairs:

That, since the affirming the said Rate, he had issued out fresh Precepts for collecting the Arrears remaining unpaid, but could not say what Money would be deficient on the said Rate.

Mr. John Higgs further said. That in July 1736, a Rate was made, by Order of Sessions, for repairing the House of Correction in Clerkenwellwhich then was, and now is, very much out of Repair: That the said Rate was removed by Certiorari, in the Michaelmas Term following; but, by the Defect of the Law, particularly with regard to this County, the said Rate could not be maintained; for that, by an Act passed in the 1 ith and 12th Year of King William the Third, intituled, An Act to enable Justices of Peace to build and repair Gaols in their respective Counties, the Justices are, upon Presentment of the Grand Jury at the Assize, Grand Sessions, or General Gaol Delivery, of the Inconveniency or Iu-sufficiency of the Gaol or Prison, im powered to agree upon a Sum for that Purpose, and charge the same on the several Hundreds and Divisions within the said County; but as there are no Assizes, Grand Sessions, or General Gaol Delivery, held for the County of no

such Presentment for the Repair of New . or the House of Correction in Clerkenwell, lying within the said County, as by the Law is made necessary, can be had.

Your Committee then proceeded to take into Consideration the several Laws relating to the Repairing of County Bridges, Gaols, and Houses of Correction; and for the Palling and Relieving of Vagrants} and beg Leave to observe, That, by an Act passed in the First Year of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to explain and alter the Act, made in the 2zd Year of King Henry the 8th, concerning the Repairing and Amending of Bridges in the Highways, it is thereby directed, when any County Bridge is out of Repair, the Grand Jury shall present the feme so to be, to the Justices, in their respective Quarter Sessions, who are thereby impowered to assess every Parish, in such Proportion as they usually have been assessed, towards the Repair of Bridges; the Money, so assessed, to be collected and levied by the respective Constables, or other Persons, to be appointed by the said Justices in Sessions; but the said Act is entirely silent, how the Constables, in their respective Parishes, are to assess the Inhabitants; and the Sura charged on each Parish in a County is generally so small, that, in many Places, it will be impossible to make any Assessment on the Inhabitants, especially in the larger Parishes.

The Penalty laid by the said Act on the Hic !i Constables, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, ami Petty Constables, for neglectingto assess, collect, or pay, the Money as therein directed, being only 40*. is too small to make the said Law effectual, especially in large Parishes; and there is no Direction how the said Penalty shall be levied, for such Neglect of Duty.

That many Difficulties of the same Nature attend the Execution of the Act, made in the 1 ith and 12th Year of King William the Third, for building and repairing of Gaols herein before-mentioned.

It is therein directed, That the Justices in Sessions, upon Presentment of a Grand Jury of the Insufficiency or

4 E Incon-

|v;

Jkit;.

%()0 i 6° — 20° A, i 758.

Colfer*'.ion Inconveniency of the Gaol or Prison, and upon the Ex-01 Couty animation of able Workmen, may, by Warrant under ate», c. ^heir Han(js anc| Seals, charge, by an equal Proportion, the Sum to be levied on the several. Hundreds and Divisions within the said County; and direct the High Con-ttables, Petty Constables, Bailiffs, or other Officers, to levy and collect the same: and here, as was before observed in the same of repairing County Bridges, there is no express Direction in what manner the Assessments shall be made on the Inhabitants, in their respective Divisions.

And your Committee observe, That the Estimates, required by this Law to be made by Workmen, being yery uncertain, and seldom to be depended upon, the JuiTices cannot legally alfefs more Money than the Work shall be estimated at; and, if that should not be suficient, no Provision is made by this, or any other. Law for this Contingency, by any new Assessments, or for any Deficiency which may happen on collecting the Rate, and it is apprehended such new Assessment would be illegal; and, though it is not particularly expressed, yet it is usual, in case of the Repair of Bridges, to have an Estimate of the said Repair.

This Law is equally liable to the same Objection as that for repairing Bridges, in regard to the Suiallness of the Sum charged on each Parish; and no Penalty is, by this Law, laid on the Officers required to collect and levy the Money, for Neglect of Duty therein; the only Remedy is by Indictment, and there is noProvision made for defining the Expence of such Prosecution.

" That the Statute, made in the 7th Year of King James the 1 ft, only provides for the erecting of Houses of Correction in every County; but no Power is given by that, or any other Law, to raise Money for repairing the m.

That the Rates for railing Money formatting and relieving Vagrants, as they are to be assessed and levied in the same manner as Rates for the repairi ng County Gaols and Bridges, are liable to the same Objections; nor is there, by the Act passed in the 12th Year of Queen any Penalty laid on Collectors, High Constables, or Treasurers, for not accounting for, and paying over, the Money received by them.

That if any of the said Rates, however necessary, should be removed by Certiorari, and quashed, no Provision is made, by any Law’, for paying the Charges of defending the same; the Officers, employed in the Collection of them, are liable to Prosecutions; and, although they shall have paid the Money by them received, as the Laws direct, may be compelled to repay the same; by which means the most diligent Officers run the greatest Hazard; and the Uncertainty ofcolIeding the Rates makes Workmen very cautious in contracting for any County Work, unless for extravagant Prices,

Your Committee therefore, considering the Defects of the Laws concerning County Rates; the great Niceties, and Arid Forms, required in the making the m; the Difficulty, and evenImpradicableness,of atteffing the small. Sums charged on each Parish on the several Inhabitants;: the Want of suficient Powers in the Justices, hi many Instances, to enforce the colledingand levying of them, or of supplying, by a new Rate, the Deficiency of any former Rate; thelnconyenienciesarifingfrom the Delay, as well as the Expence of the Law, in case of the Removal of any Rates by Certiorari; and the Neqeffity there is to support and maintain County Bridges, Gaols, and Houses of Correction, and for the passing and relieving of Vagrants, and for raising the Money for the said Purposes, with the greateftEale and Certainty, and with the leaf! Charge to the several Counties; came to the following Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Laws now in being, for affelRng, collecting, and levying, the Rates for repairing of County Bridges, Gaols, and Houses of Correction, and for the patting and relieving Vagrants, are defective.

The said Resolution being read a Second time, was,

23

upon the Qaeftioti put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved. That the i-2th and 13th Sections of an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor; and the 3d Section of an Act, made in the same Year, intituled, An Act for the necessary Relief of Soldiers and Mariners; might be read;

Which being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring m a Billfor* the more easy collecting and-levying of County Rat)es;i And that Mr. RbAerfHucks and Mr. Larodke do prepaVe, and brirtg in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Horise' to1 Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the ciandeltine whole House, to coAftder of the Petition of the Traders Exportation in the Woollen Manufacture, viz. Clothiers, Serge- °f" ool,&c. makers, Combers, Weavers, and other Inhabitants, within the Town of Ashburton, in the County on the behalf of themselves, and all others concerned in the said Woollen Manufacture throughout Great Britain, is referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War took the Chair of thw Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 200 die Martii;

Anno 120 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1738.

P k a y e 11 s.

ORDERED, That all Committees be revived.

Committees:

An ingrotted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord for vetting in Archibald Hamilton Esquire, commonly Hamilton’s

called Lord Archibald Hamilton, and his Heirs, the EAate. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Berks, therein mentioned, in Trull, to cortvey the same to Sir William Irby Baronet, and his Heirs; and for laying out the Purchase-money in the Purchase1 of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be lettfed to the Uses, and upon the Trutts, therein mentioned, was read, the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Clothiers, and other inhabitants, of woollen Wilton, in the County of Wilts,on behalf of themselves, Manufacture. and great Numbers of poor People employed in the Woollen Manufacture, in and near the said Borough; and also,-

A Petition of the Merchants, Clothiiers, Cloth-workers, Dyers, and Dealers in Wool, within the Town of Wakefield, in the County of York, and Parts adjacent;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Decay of the‘Woollen Manufacture: And'praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were several Fy ordered to lie upon the Table.

A BiH

Ealing

Church.

Bemey's

Estate.

Bakewell, &,c. Roads.

Wiseman’s

Bequest

towards

rebuilding

Woolwich

Church.

Offices and

Employ*

menu.

i a Geo. II. 2Cf Martii. 201

A Bill to enable the PaWfhionerS of the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, to raise Money by Itartes upon t'hemfelVes, for finishing the Church of t'lie ibid Parish, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be cOihrhittod to Sir Francis Child, Mi*. Bramfion, Mr. C Mr. Price, Mr, llol-den, Mr. Harley, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Hales. Mr. Packer, Sir Nicolas Willia'ms, Mr. Mr. Turner,

Sr Francis Boynton, Mr BebariMr.Hacks, Mr. Smith, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Laroche. Mi*. Cojler, Mr. Balle, Mr.

Fane, Mr. Lindefay, Sir CharlesMor daunt, Mr. BiJJ'e,

Mr. Hay, Mr . Lockivood, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Gildarl, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Rolle, My. Thompfonof York, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Cornewal Sir Jaimes Grant, Mr.

Knight, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Lord Charles,

Cavendish, General Wade, Sir Thomas Clarice, Sir1 Geo. Cafwalt, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Vere, Mr Mr. Her-

bert, Mr. Polhill; and all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex:And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Harley reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Richard Esquire,

deceased, for discharging Incumbrances thereupon, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; ami that the Committee had.directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

A Bill for repairing the -Roads from the Town of Bakewell, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Chesterfield, in the same County, to the Town of fopp, in the County of Nottingham*, and from the Head or North End of a certain Street called in

the Town of Chesterfield aforesaid, to the Town field, in the said County of was read a

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Charles Cavendish, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr.'6 Mr. Hay,

Mr. Tower, Mr. Lindefay, Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

Sir Thomas Clarke, Mr. Bramji Mr. Fade, Mr. Car-michaell, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Vyner, General Mr.

Byng, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Cdrew, Sir Brigadier Handafyd, Mr. Wilkin Mr Mr. Mr. Polhill, Sir Jof. Pennington,. Mr. Hales, Mr. Bade, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Brodie. Sir RMunro, Mr. Gore, Mr. Cojler, Mr Lloyd, Mr Bevan, Mr. Fane, Wfr.Scawen, Sir Rowland Alfion, Mr. Horfmoiiden Turner, Mr. Hen. Archer, Sir.Thomas Archer, Mr. Pigotf, Mr. Hedworlli, "Mr.Pollen, Mr JJorbett, Si f Jam Grant, Sir

cote, Lord Sidney Beaucterk; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Nottingham, York, Lan-cqfier, Chester, and Leicester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the' Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Nlr.Byng presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for applying a Sum of Money given by the Will of Daniel Wiseman Esquire, deceased, for finilliing the

new Church at’ Woolwich,in the Ctkinty of Kent; and for raising an Annuity, by an Assessment, on the Parish of Woolwich, during the Lives of Mary Wiseman and Elizabeth Crouch, and the Life of the Survivor of them, pursuant to the said Will: And the same was received; and read the First time;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Francis Fane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for OfficesandEmploymentswithin the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time

Vol. 23.

for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. I

Mr. Bmiw presented to the House, according to Order, Laws re-a. Rill for continuing the Act, made in the Eighth Year of lajingt® the the Reign of her fate Majesty Queen Anne, to regulate <^tc> the Price and Assize of Bread; and for continuing the Act, masse in the Secohd Year of his present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Attorn ies and Solicitors:

And the same was received; and read the First timd.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for repairing the Roads from the North-West Lincoln Parts of the County o f, Lincoln!,through Net! lam Fields, Koad‘’ Wragby Lane, and RaumberFields, to the Wolds, or North-East Part of the said County, was read a Second time.

‘Rejoiced, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner,

Sir Francis Child, Sir CharlesMordaunt, Mr. Fane, Mr.

Tracy, Mr. Tozcer, Mr Hedzcarsh, Mr. Longueville,

Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Sir

Ifeathcote, Mr. Conolty, Mr. Byng. Mr. Heron, Colonel S/euart, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Lindefay, Mr. Mr.

Vere. Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Sir Elton,

Mr. Cojler, Lord James Cavendish, Mr. General Wade, Mr. Herbert, Mr Cornewall, Mr.

Mr. Wilkinjon, Sir Wm. Ashburnham, Lord Wallingford,

Sir Chr. Powell, Mr. Laroche, Sir Jam Grant, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Turner, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Scawen, Mr.

Bramjion, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Archer, Mr. Polhill. Mr. Harley, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Penton, Mr. Hay,

Mr. Glanville, Mr. Boives, Mr. Finch, I^ord

Mr. Yorke, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Holden, Mr. Sir

Rmvland Alfion, Mr. Alyddleton, Mr. Mr. Sandys,

Sir Thomas Clarke, Mr. Frank land, Mr. Hampden, Mr.

Peurfc, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Leicester, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom st. Nicholas the Bill to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Church at cholas, in the City of Worcester, to raise Money fordif- " orceiter. charging the Debts they have contracted in rebuilding their Parish Church, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:, Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and; upon the Question feve-' rally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

1 , 1

Mr. Robert Hucks presented to the House, according Collection *f to Order, a Bill for the more easy assessing, collecting, County arid levying, of County Rates: And the same fvas re- Rates, ic. ceived; and read the First tinfte.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time;

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee clandestine of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Traders Exportation in the Woollen Manufacture; yis. Clothiers, Serge- of Wool, ic. makers* Combers', Weavers, andother Inhabitants, within the Town of Ajlibufton, in the County of , on the Behalf of them {elves, and all others concerned in the said Woollen Manufacture throughout Great Britain, was referred, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same were read; and are as followed);

Resolved,


20* Mar tit.

292

A. 1738.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an humble Address be presented to

That the several and respective Duties, payable by virtue his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to order of several Acts of Parliament now in being, upon Bay to be laid before this House, a Copy of a Representation Tarn and Woollen Yarn, imported into this Kingdom from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to from the Kingdom of Ireland, shall, from and after the the Right honourable the Lords Spiritual and Temporal 1A Day of May 1740, cease, determine, and be no in Parliament assembled, relating to the State of the longer paid. British Islands in America, with regard to their Strength,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, their Trade, and Fortifications; and to what may be That the Provisions made by an Act, of the Ninth and farther necessary for the Encouragement and Security of

Tenth of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the Explanation and better Execution of former Acts made against Transportation of W’ool, Fullers Earth, and Scouring Clay; to prevent the clandestine Running of Wool from the Sea Coasts of Kent and by

those Islands: dated the 15th January 1734.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to older to be laid before this House, Copies offucli Letters as have been received by the Commissioners for Trade and Plan-

entering and registering the fame; be extended round tations, since 1733, from the respective Go

the Sea Coasts of the Kingdoms of Great Britain vernors or Commanders in Chief, for the Time being, and Ireland;with Additions, to render the same more of any of the British Sugar Colonies, giving them an effectual. Account of any Inhabitants deserting the said Colonies,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and going over to the Danes at Santa Crux, or to any That the Liberty of exporting Wool and Woollen Yam other Places; and also of the illicit Trade carried on from Ireland to England be extended to the Ports of between the said Colonies and St. Eujlalius, and other Limerick, Galway, and Dundalk, in the Kingdom of foreign Colonies.

Ireland. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to order That no Wool or Woollen Yarn shall be brought from to be laid before this House, a Copy of a Report from Ireland into this Kingdom but in registered Ships. - the Lords Commissioners of Trade and Plantations to Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, his Majesty, dated the i\\\\July 1724; with the several

Accounts annexed thereto.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his

&c.

That further Provision be made for preventing the fraudulent Exportation of Wool from Great Britain or De-land, under pretence of being fully manufactured.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

That no Wool, Woolfels, Mortlings, Shortlings, Wool-

flocks, Worsted, Bay or Woollen Yarn, in Great Britain Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do import of or Ireland, shall be packed up in any Box, Barrel, Cask, lay before this House, an Account of what Quantity of Rum. Sugvr, Cafe, Chest, or any other Package; but in Leather or Rum, or Spirits, Molasses, Syrups, Sugar, or Paneels,

Canvas, commonly called Pack Cloth, and properly have been imported into any of his Majesty’s Northern marked. Colonies in from any of the French, Dutch, or

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, other foreign Colonies, from Christmas 1733 to Christmas That some further Provision be made to prevent the Ex- 1737 the Account of the Duties collected thereon, portation of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool and by virtue of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of his pre-Woollen Manufactures from the Kingdom of Ireland to sent Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better fe-foreign Parts, by giving sufficient Power for the Taking curing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar mid Seizing of Ships, Vessels, and Boats, having onboard Colonies; distinguishing each Year.

Inch Wool or Woollen Manufactures. Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customsdo

Re/otoed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, lay before this House, an Account of all Sugars imported That no Wool, Woolfels, Mortlings, Shortlings, combed into England from St. Chrifio/iher'a, from Christmas 1736 Wool, Yarn, Worsted, Crewels, or Wool (lightly rnanu- to Christmas 1737; distinguishing what was imported fastured, shall be carried in any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, into London, and what into the Out Ports, coastwise, or from one Port to another, unless Notice be Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do first given to the Commissioners or chief Managers of the lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of re-Customs, or to the Customer, Collector, or chief Officer, fined Sugars exported from from Christmas

1736 to Christmas 1737; distinguishing in such Account to what Places exported.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of raw Sugars exported from England, from 1736

to Chrifi 1737; distinguishing in such Account to

what Places exported.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do Newry, Wexford, lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Indigo imported into England from foreign Parts, from

of the Port into which the same is intended to be sent.

The First and Second Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by adding, after the Word of," and before the Word " Limerick," the Words Wicklow, Sligo:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, Christmas 1730 to Christmas 1737. agreed to by the House. That the Commissioners of the Customs do

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Commit- lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of tee in the said Resolution, so amended. That the Liberty Rice carried directly from Carolina to foreign Parts to of exporting Wool and Woollen Yarn from Ireland to the Southward of Cape from Christmas 1730

England be extended to the Ports of Newry, Wex/ord, to Christmas 1737 ? distinguishing each Year.

Wickloio, Sligo, Limerick, Galway, and Dundalk, in the Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs

Kingdom of Ireland. do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity

The rest of the Resolutions of the Committee, being of Rice imported- into England from Carolina, from severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question Christmas 1723 to Christmas 1737; distinguishing each severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. Year.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Secretary at A Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land War, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Mr. Bladen, Sir John Barnard, Mr Earle, Mr. Thomp/on Year 1739, was read a Second time,

of York, Mr. Gtanville, Mr. Fere, and Mr. Linde/ay, do Resolved, That the Bill be committed, prepare, and bring in, the fame. _ Resolved,

la Geo. II. 20° — 210 Martii. 293

I offes of A Ierchants ti acting to Sicily.

Soap, &c. iifed in Scotland lor Bleaching.

Frauds in Gold and Silver Wares,

Rogues,

Vagabonds,

&c.

Lavrs respecting tanned Leather.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning', resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Merchants trading to Sicily, in the be-halfofthemfelvesand others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, upon the Defeat of the Spanish Fleet, in the Year 1718, the Merchants residing at Messina were imprisoned, their Ships, Goods, and

Effects seized, confiscated, and fold, by Order and Direction of the Marquistfe'Z.ede, then General of th Forces in Sicily -,whereby the Petitioners suffered great Losses; which were claimed, and set forth, before a Committee of the whole House, in the Year 1 72*> and the Estimates of the said Losses then delivered in; Duplicates whereof are ready to be produced by the Petitioners; who have had no Refiitution made them; nor, as they apprehend, did the Commissaries go through the Discussion of the Losses in Sicily, or make any Report of them: And therefore submitting the same of the Petitioners to the Consideration of the House; and praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House was moved, That the Journal of the HouGp, of the 19th Day of April, in the lal't Session of Parliament, in relation to the Resolutions reported from the Committee of the whole Ho\ife to whom it was referred to considerof the Report from the Cojnniittee to whom the Petition of the Merchants of the City of London, and other Dealers in the Manufactures of Linens, Threads, and Tapes, made in Great Britain and Ireland, whoseNames are thereunto subscribed, was referred; and the Proceedings of the House thereupon; might be read.

And the same being read accordingly}

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for drawing back the Duties payable on Soap, Ashes, Starch, and Blue Azure, or Smalts, which shall be employed, spent, and confuraed, in the Bleaching and 'NVhitening of new Linen Cloth, or Linen and Cotton Cloth, in the Piece, Linen Yarn and Linen Thread made of Lint or Flax, which shall be whitened at the publick Bleaching Fields that now are and have been, or which shall hereafter be, erected and filled up, upon Contracts with the Commi(boners and Trustees appointed by his Majesty's Letters Patent for improvingFilheriesand Manufactures in that Part of Great Britain called; and also for the more effectual preventing the Ul’e of Lime, Pigeons Dung, and Soap Dregs, in the Whitening and Bleaching of Linen Cloth, Linen and Cotton Cloth, Linen Yarn and Linen Thread, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And that Mr. Lindthe Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Earle, Mr. Francis Fane, the Lord JohnMurray, Mr. Drummond, and Mr. doprepare and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into, a Committee of the whole ‘ House, upon the Bill for the better preventing of Frauds and Abuses in Gold and Silver Wares.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual punishing and suppressing of Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons; and for the better Relief of Lunaticks and Foundling Children;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day beiDg read, for the further Hearing of Counfel upon the Bill to obviatecertain Doubts which have arisen upon the Conftraction of the Act, of Vol. 23.

the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queed Mary, intituled, An A ftfor explaining Part of an Act* made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather

TheCounfel for and against the said Bill were called in:

And the Counfel for the Petitioners, upon the Petition of the Cordwainers, and other Manufacturers of Leather into Wares, in and near the City of London, whoseNames are thereunto subscribed, summed up their Evidences And then the Counfel for the Petitioners, upon the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Leather-fellers in t he Cities of London and Wefminster, and Suburbs thereof, or Members of

the Company of Leather-fellers in the City of London, on behalf oi themselves and others, exercising the Trade of Leather-fellers within the Cities of and

minster, and Suburbs thereof, were heard:

And a Charter, granted by King James the First to the Wardens and Company of the Mystery or Art of Leather-fellers of the City of London, dated the 24 th Day of July, in the Second Year of his Reign, being produced;

A Clause thereof, confirming all their lawful Liberties enjoyed by virtue of any former Charters, or of Prescription, was read.

Then the Counsel for the said Petitioners the Leather-fellers examined several Witnesses, and summed up their Evidence;

And then the Counsel for and against the said Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Thursday Seven night.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 21* die Martii‘9

Anno 12* Georgii II" Regis, 1738.

?RA V E R

A N ingrossed Bill for naturalizing James Tracy, was Tracy’* J.X. read the Third time. Kau

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing James Tracy.: '

Ordered, That Mr. Bcvando carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Thomas Clarke reported from the Committee to River Lea whom the Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Navigation, and Inhabitants of the Town of Hertford, and of the Inhabitants of the Town of Ware, in the County of // ybrd, and of several Farmers, Maltsters, and Barge-owners, living in or near the said Towns, whose Namesare thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and several Hundreds of other Persons residing nearto and concerned in the Navigation of the River Lea, running from Hertford to Ware, and from thence to the River of Thames, near the City of I^ondon-, and of the Governor and Company of the NezcRiver, brought from and

well to London-, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows;

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof,

An Act, passed in the 13th Year of Queen Elizabeth, for the bringing of the River Lea to the North Si.le of the City of London-, and also an Act, passed in the 3d Year of the Reign of King James the First, for the bringing in a fresh Stream of running Water to the North Part of the City of London; and also One other Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of the said King James,

4 F for

2i° Martii.

liver Le* Navigation.

394

for Explanation of the said 1 aft-mentioned Statute; were read.

That, by the first-mentioned Act, a Power is given to the Lord Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, to begin and continue the laying out of such

convenient Limits of Ground, for the Making of a Trench for the said River, at such Breadth, and in such Manner, as is and are particularly described in and by the said Act: And a Power is by the said Act given to the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper, for the Time being, at the Request of the said Lord Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, of the said City, to appoint and authorize, by Commission under the Great Seal, Sixteen Commissioners; Four to be of the City of , and the other

Twelve to be of the Counties adjoining the River of Lea-, viz. Four of every of the Shires of Essex, and

Hertford, or some of them, not being Citizens of,

uling the Trade of Merchandize; which Sixteen Commissioners, or the Major Number of them, had thereby full Power and Authority to treat, agree, and compound, with such Numbers of Freeholders and Inhabitants of the said Counties, as to them should feemmeet and con* venient, for the Security, cleansing, repairing, and keeping, the River Lea, from such Place where the New River or Cut should have the Beginning, to the Town of IFare, in such fort as that the same should be navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels:

That, by the second-mentioned Act, a Power is given to the Lord Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, of London, and their Successors, to make a new Trench, for conveying Water from Chadwel and Amzvell to the City of London; and to maintain the same when made: And that they might, from time to time, flop all Breaches, at theirownCharges,andsufficientlymaintainthem, and make a Recompence to the Party or Parties grieved for the Damages they should sustain by such Breaches: And that new Cut, Stream, or River, when finished, should be subject to the Commission of Sewers; and the Scouring, Cleansing, Amending, and Conservation,of the New River or Cut should be at the only Coil and Charges of the Mayor, Citizens, and Commonalty, of the City of London:

And that, by the Act; of the 4th of King James, the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, were further impowered to make a Trunk or Vault in the Earth, of Brick, or Stone, not exceeding Ten Feet in Breadth, l'or the Passage of the Water from Chadwell and Amu ell to London; which they were for ever to

maintain and preserve.

Then the Committee proceeded to examine,

Mr. Bojlock Toller: Who said. That he appeared as Agent for the Petitioners the Corporation and Inhabitants of the Town of Hertford, and also for the Inhabitants of the Town of Ware, and for the Navigators on the River Lea; and that he was, about Six or Seven Yearsago, directed by those Petitioners to enquire what Right the New River Company had to take so large a Quantity of Water out of the said River Lea, as they constantly did; and, about Five Years and a Half since, he came to the Knowledge of the fame.

He also laid before the Committee a Copy of an Order of Council, bearing Date the 126 Day of September 1669; by which it appeared to your Committee, That several Disputes had formerly been between the N Com-

pany, and the Maltsters and Barge-owners of and Hertford, in relation to the Conveying of Water out of the River Lea into the New RiAnd the Matter in

Difference between them having been laid before the King and Council, in the Year 1667 and 166s, an Order was made by the King and Council; a true Copy whereof was laid before the Committee; wherein it is recited, That the Matter in Difference between the Governor and Company of the Corporation of the New River, and the Maltsters and Barge-masters of Ware and Hertford, concerning the Conveyance of Water out of the River Lea into the New River, had, by Order of the 15th of that Month, been appointed to be heard the 22d of -

24

N

A. 1738.

tember 1669; and that the Parties concerned attended accordingly; and being called in, with their Counfel, and Two several Reports, one signed by Six of the Referret s, to whom among other things, the Matter in Difference had been, by Two several Orders of Council, of the 16th of October 1667 and the 29th of July 1668, referred to settle the fame, if they could, or otherwise make a Report to that. Board; the other signed by Fifteen Commissioners of the Sewers for the River Lea and the New River, residing in the County of Middlesex, to whom the same Matter had been also referred by the Order of the 28th of August then last; being read; as also several Depositions of Witnesses and other Evidences, and, by hearing Counsel on both Parties, as also Counsel for the City of London, in behalf of the Navigation of the River Lea, and long Debate had thereupon;

His then Majesty, taking into his princely Consideration, as well the great Use and Benefit of the Navigation of the River Lea, not only to the City of London and County of Hertford, but also to the adjacent Counties, as the Necessity of supplying the City of London with the Nero River Water, was then graciously pleased, in Council, to order,

That the Governor and Company of the River should take away their great Pipes then lying in the River Lea; and, inilead thereof, should lay Two lesser Pipes, the one of Eight and the other of Six Inches Bore, at or near the Places where the great Pipes lay; and to place and contrive them, that they might be constantly served with Water to supply the New River; and if, upon Trial, it should be found, That the Water in the River Lea would not always rife high enough to fill the said Pipes, that the Governor and Company might, and they were thereby authorized to set up and use a Turnpike or Jetty, or some other Device, to raise and force the Water to the Pipes, whereby they might be rendered most useful to the New River-, yet so as might not cause Inundation of the Meadow Groundsadjoining, nor retard or endanger the Vessels that should pass that Way: And therefore all Persons concerned were to take Notice, and to conform themselves thereunto accordingly, as they would answer the contrary at their Peril:

And Mr. Toller further said, That, when he had col-Iefted all the Fasts together, he recommended it to the Inhabitants of the Towns of Hertford and Ware, and the N av igators, to take the Opi nion of some em i nent Cou n fel; whereupon a same was stated, a Copy whereof was laid before the present Lord Chancellor, then his Majesty’s Attorney General, and another Copy before the late Lord Chief Justice Reeve; and they both advised, That, as the same was a publick Concern, proper Application should be made to the Legislature; and thereupon he waited on the New River Company, from time to time, by Direction of the Persons he was concerned for, that an amicable Agreement might be entered into.

Doctor Defeguliers, being examined, said. That, in

August 1735, he was font for into the Country, by the Navigators on the River Lea-,but did not know for what

Purpose: That, whilst he staid there, he measured the Gage or new-made Instrument, belonging to the Nero River Company, through which the whole Water passed out of the River Lea, and found that Instrument to measure Six Feet Wide and Two Feet deep, and the Top thereof to be 2S Inches above the Cill at the Water House; and then he measured the Quantity of Water below the Gage, and found that it run about 2,400 Tun in an Hour, with small Allowance for the Eddies: That, on the 28th of the same Month, he went down again; and, not trading to the First Experiment, he made several others, in the Presence of many Persons of the Towns of Hertford and Ware, and of one Mr. Mill, a Gentleman belonging to the New River Company, who also made a Calculation, and after making several large Allowances, he found the Quantity of Water diverted or taken out of the said River to be 2,100 Tun in an Hour.

He also said. That, by the Pipes which were directed to be laid down by the before-mentioned Order of Council,

12 Geo. II. 21 0 Mart295

cil, about 90 Tun of Water an Hour (according to the present Velocity of the Stream) would be taken out of the River, the Surface of the Water in the Lea being even with the Top of the Bore.

And he further said, That the [Fall of that] River is very considerable; and if a Compensation was given for scouring and cleansing the River, and for erecting of Locks, and makingother Conveniencies for the Navigation, not only that Quantity of Water which is now taken, but Half as much more might be taken, without any Prejudice to the Navigation.

Mr. Thomas Pettit and Mr. James Barge-

owners, being severally examined, said, That they had known the River Lea the one 45 and the other 47 Years; and that the Navigating of Boats and Barges is now carried on with more Expence and Delay than when they first used the River:

That tormerly they navigated to and from London to Ware in a considerable less time than they now do, and at a much less Expence; and the Reason they gave was, because the Lock-keepers cut the Weeds, which makes the Water to run quicker away, and thereby the River becomes more shallow; and great Quantities of Gravel and Stones are thrown into the River by the Weir-keepers and Millers, at the several Weirs, which occasion so many Shoals, that they cannot now pass without paying at the several Locks for Flalhes of Water, frequently, in the Summer Season, and by reason great Quantities of Water are taken out of the River, for the Use of the New River Company; and, for these Reasons, the Witnesses said, that the Navigation is become very tedious and expensive.

They also said. That the Owners of Boats and Barges, and the Navigators, had raised amongst themselves the Sum of£. 3,000 which had been expended in removing of Shoals; which, if so large a Quantity of Water had. been taken out, and such Shoals made, they should not have been at so great an Expence: And that, before the Weeds were cut, and Gravel and Stones flung into the River, the Boats and Barges, when they got below Waltham Abby, were frequently towed to Old Ford,

without anyObftruftions,or the Assistance ofany Weirs; which cannot now be done.

And they likewise laid, That there had been, in their Memory, Two Commissions of Sewers taken out, in relation to this Matter; and, during the time the Commissioners set, and executed the Powers given them by those Commissions, the Navigation was carried on much easier, and at less Expence, than at other times.

And they severally added to their Evidence, That if a Fund was established for removing the Shoals, and a con-l'tant Commission of Sewers established, it would makea double Recompence for the Water now taken out of the River by the New River Company; and that the several Nuisances complained of would thereby be remedied, and such a Quantity of Water as is now taken out could be spared.

Mr. Toller, being again examined, said, That the River Lea is divided into Two or Three Branches, between the Towns of Hertford and Ware, and unite again into One Stream again a little below Ware Mill: That the antient and right Way of navigating Boats and Barges between the said Towns was through One of the said Branches called Manifold Ditch; but the Navigation is now carried on, and has been for many Years pall, through another Branch of the said River called the Mill Stream, running to W,are Mills, and from thence through a Lock or Cillern there into the main Stream running to Ware Bridge; which Way of Navigation was, till lately, as he apprehended, precarious, and by the Consent of the Owners of Ware Mills, and might by them be flopped and prevented; but that the Company now have purchased the said Ware Mills, and the Lock belonging to the fame, with the Stream of Water runningto the fame; and did, just before such Purchase, give it under their Seal, That the Stream running to the said Mills, and through the Lock there into the main River, should, for ever after they should purchase the fame, be the indif-

Supplied fren the original Report.

Vofc. 23,

putable right Way for navigating Boats and Barges for the future between Hertford and Ware and that thereupon the Corporation of Hertford did agree to relin-quifh all their Right and Title to the navigating Boats and Barges through Manifold Ditch: And that, by this Agreement, the Navigation between Hertford and Ware is fixed in the most useful Branch, and the Company will have the sole Use of the Turnpike or Jetty already erected, whereby they will be the better enabled to supply the said Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, with good fresh Water.

Mr. Jasper Bull, Clerk to the New River Company, said, That he had Directions from the General Court of that Company to attend and acquaint the Committee,

That the Company had agreed to certain Propofalsmade to them; which were, That the Corporation of the -Town of Hertford should have £.500Premium, and£.50

per Annum, to commence from Michaelmas 1734; and that the Sums off. 1,000 Premium, and 300 per

num, were to be for the Town of Ware, to commence from the same time; and that the several Sums were to be paid to certain Trustees, for the Improvement of the Navigation only, on Condition that such a Quantity of Water was given to the New River Company, out of the River Lea, as will pass through a Trough of Six Feet wide and Two Feet deep, if the same was confirmed by Act of Parliament.

And it appeared to your Committee, That there has been a Navigation for Boats and Barges from the Town of Hertford to the Town of Ware Time out, of Mind; but the Witnesses said, That the Navigation was not always carried through the same Branch of the River as it is at this time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ascertaining, preserving, and improving, the Navigation of the River Lea from the Town of Hertford to the Town of Wiare, in the County of Hertford-, and for preserving and improving the said River from the said Town of Ware to the City of London; and for enabling the Governor and Company of the New River the better to supply the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, with good and wholesome Water: And that Sir Thomas,

Mr. Richard Plumer, and Mr. Braffex/, do prepare, and

bring in the fame.

A Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to Offices and qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, within E‘°P1®7a,nt*-the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Cordwainers or Shoemakers, Sadlers, Laws Tanners, and Curriers, in the Town of Ludlow, in the respecting County of Salop, and the adjacent Parts, whose Names '

are subscribed, on behalf of themselves and other Arti-.. ficers who work up and convert tanned Leather into Wares, was presented to the House, and read, against the Bill, now depending in this House to obviate certain Doubts which have arisen upon the Construction of the Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

A Petition of Richard Fisher, Waller Corbett, Samuel Sufferers by Ward, Thomas Nottingham, Munus Hardwick, Emanuel Fire at Dewsbury, John Keep, Samuel Ellington, and John Halls, Wellingbo-iu behalf of themselves, and about One hundred and ' Forty others. Sufferers by Fire, in the Town of borough, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That on the 28th

Day


so6 ti° — 22° Martii. . 1738.

Day of July last, a dreadful Fire happened in the said Town, which utterly consumed Two hundred and Five Dwelling-houses, with all the Out-houses thereunto belonging, as also large Quantities of the Stocks of Trades-men; by which fad Accident, a great many Families are reduced to mean Circumstances: And that several of the better Sort of Sufferers have not only disclaimed any Share of the Charities received for the Relief of their poor Neighbours, but have afliiled them according to their Abilities: And that the said Town, before the Fire, was burdened with a numerous Poor, in the Maintenance of whom the Inhabitants have expended upwards of Five hundred Pounds a Year for the last Seven Years; but the Poor being much increased by reason of the said Fire, a large additional Number is now brought upon the said Town, and the whole Parish very much affected by the Loss occasioned thereby: And that the Land Tax of the Houses and Stock consumed, for the last Year, amounts unto the Sum of Forty-three Pounds Four' Shillings and Two Pence Half-peny, and the Window Tax to the Sum of Sixteen Pounds Fourteen Shillings, as appears from the Schedules of Particulars thereunto annexed: And therefore praying, That the said Taxes in Arrear may be remitted to the said poor Sufferers; and that they may be exempted from Payment of the same for 1'uch time as this House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1739, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for the Relief of the Petitioners.

AaJ"er to Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their

A re * Addresses of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be gra-cibufly pleased to order to be laid before this House, Copies of the Representation, Letters, and Reports, therein mentioned, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Way* The Order of the Day being read, for the House and Weans, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confuler further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

SuddIv Bill The other Order of the Day being read, for the Land Tax.* House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1739;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, for the Year 1737, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1739.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

yovis, 2 2° die Martii;

Anno 12* Georgii II*" Regis, 1738.

Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Townshend’s veiling a Messuage and Lands in Twickenham, late the Estate of the honourable William Townshend Esquire,deceased, in Trustees, in Trqft, to sell the same, pursuant to an Article entered into by the said William Tozvnjhend in his Life-time; and for applying the Money arising by such Sale for the Benefit of Charles Tozvnjhend his only Son and Heir, an Infant: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, that Mr. Parsons, Comp- Woollen troller General of the Customs, attended at the Door; Cloth He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the exPorte<1-House, pursuant to their Order, the Amount of the Duty arising upon white Woollen Cloth of all Sorts exported, for Three Years, to Christmaslaft; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Orde r, reported from Supply Bill; the Committee of the whole House to whom the Bill for LaudTax. granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1739, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford have Leave to go into Leave of

the Country for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

A Petition of Robert Martin, Thottias and Belief of

Richard Chandler, Creditors and Assignees of the Estate Insolvent and Effects of Thomas Kerridge Esquire, under an Aid. of e tors‘ Parliament, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, on behalf of themselves and other the Creditors of the said Thomas Kerridge, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioners find, that a Bill is now depending before the House, intituled, A Bill for explaining an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for Relief of Insolvent Debtors; and for amending the same Act, and so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, as extends the Benefit of the said Act for Relief of insolvent Debts, to Creditors whose Debtors were committed to Prison lince the ill Day of 24 January

i2 Geo. II. 22° Martii. 297

Sugar* imported and exported.

Seizure of the Ship Scipio.

January 1730, and were detained there upon the ift Day of January 1736, and hath chofeto continue there, with respect only to such Debtors as, by virtue of the said Acts; or either of them, have been compelled to deliver up their Estates and Effects to their Creditors. And that the Petitioners are advised, and apprehend, and doubt not but that they shall be able to give Reaions sufficient tofhew, that the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will be very prejudicial to the Petitioners, and others under the like Circumstances: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be admitted to be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, upon their said Petition, before the said Committee, if they think fit.

The House being informed, that Mr. from the Coounilfioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all Sugars imported into England from St. Christophers,from Christmas 1736, to Christmas

1737; distinguishing what was imported into and what into the Out-ports: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of refined Sugars exported from England, from Christmas 1736 to Christmas 1737; distinguishing to what Places exported: And also. An Account of the Quantity of raw Sugars exported from England,from Christmas 173610 Christmas 1737;

distinguishing to what Places exported: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Indigo imported into England from foreign Parts, from Christmas 1736 to Christmas 1737: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Rice imported into England from Carolina, from Christmas 1723 to Christmas 1737; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Planters, and others trading to, and interested in, his Majesty s Sugar Colonies in America, is referred.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of James Buchanan, of London, Merchant, and others, concerned and interested in the Ship Scipio, Alexander Mackpherson Mailer, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Ship having taken in her Cargo on the Coast of Africa, confuting of Negroes, Gold Dull, and Elephants Teeth, to the Value of Six thousand Pounds and upwards, and pursuing her Voyage from thence to the Island of Jamaica, having touched at the Island of Barbadoes, was, on the 27th Day of 08ober 1736, taken on the High Seas by a French Ship or Vessel, and carried into St. Peter's, in the Island of Martinique: And that, some time after, at the Inllance of the Director of the Customs of that Island, a Prosecution was commenced against Captain Mackpherson, Mailer of the Ship, before the Court of Admiralty there, founded on a Pretence, that Ihe was acting in Contravention to a certain Edict for settling Limits relating to unlawful Trade; and, on hearing the Matter, the Judges declared in their Decree, That it did not appear there was any Intention of carrying on an unlawful Trade; and that it was sufficiently 'proved by the said Ship’s Dispatches in due Form, that Ihe was bound to Jamaica, by way of St, Christopher's; but that, nevertheless, the Intention of the Edi£t having not been qualified by any Interpretation judicially known to them, they were obliged to conform to the express Terms of it, and therefore declared the said Ship and her Cargo duly confiscated, and that thereupon the said Captain Mackpherson appealedto thefupremeCourtof Martinique, VOL. *3.

who, upon Examination of the whole Matter, annulled the Judgment given By the Court of Admiralty, and decreed him Colls, and that he should again be put in possession of the said Ship and Cargo; and that, as the said Captain Mackpherson, agreeable to the lait Judgment, was preparing to take Possession of his Ship and Cargo, he received an Ordinance from the Intendant of me Island, which impowered the Director of the Customs to appeal from the Judgment of the supreme Court to the French King in Council; but nevertheless ordered, That the said Ship and Cargo should be restored to Captain Mackpherson, on his producing good and sufficient Security, Inhabitants of the Island, for the appraised Value of the fame; and that the said Captain Mackpherson protested against the said Ordinance; and being unable to procure the Security infilled on, was obliged to consent to the Sale of his Ship and Cargo, and to deposit the Money in the Hands of the Persons who were to be his Securities, until such time as the Matter should be determined in the Council of France: And that, upon the first Intimation of the French feizing the said Ship, One of the Petitioners, James Buchanan, immediately applied himselfby Petition to his Majesty, in January 1736; whereupon his Majesty was graciously pleased to signify his Royal Pleasure by his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, One of his Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, to his Ambassador at the Court of France, that he should make the strongest Instances, that Orders might be forthwith sent to the Governor of Martinique, for the immediate releasing of the said Ship and Cargo, or for the making full Satisfaction for the Value of the lame, together with the Loss and Damages the Persons concerned might have suffered by the Seizure and Detention of the said Ship and Cargo; and that, in a very few Days after his Majesty’s Pleasure was signified to his Am-baffador, as aforesaid, the said James Buchanan, did, by Memorial to the Duke of Newcastle, viz. in February 1736, inform his Grace, that he bad received a Letter from the said Captain Mackpherson, acquainting him, among!! other Things, that he was to embark at Martinique in a few Days for Ncntz, in order to prosecute the Affair at Paris-, and his Majesty was gratioefiy pleased according to the Request made by the said Memorial, to give Directions by his said Grace to the said Ambassador, to countenance and’ulfift the said Captain Mackpherson in the Prosecution of this Affair in the Council of France, so that Restitution and Satisfaction might be obtained; and that, at the same time the Petitioners transmitted to Captain Mackpherson his Majesty’s said Directions to his Ambassador, with orders to deliver them in Person, they directed him to stay in Paris, and solicit the Restitution of the said Ship and Cargo; and accordingly the said Captaindid stay and solicit the fame; but the Petitioners finding, that, after many Months Solicitation, no Satisfaction could be procured, did, by Petition to his Majesty in Council, viz. in August ijj, set forth, as well the Matter of the aforesaid Petition and Memorial, as that "the said Captain Mack- pherson arrived at Paris the Beginning of March 1736, " and immediately was ordered by the Petitioners to " continue there, and solicit the Restitution of the said " Ship and Cargo, which had been attended with very great Expence to the Petitioners; and, notwithstanding his belt Endeavours, by his almost daily Attendance " on his Majesty’s Ambassador, as well as the French " Ministers,he had not been able toobtain the leaftSatisfaction; on the contrary, in his Letter of the 13th " of July 1737 to the said James Buchanan, he wrote; " that on that Day, he, with his Advocate,having waited on Mr. De Monrepas, to desire a Day to be appointed " for hearing the Appeal by the Council in France, had " for Answer, That there was no Necessity of applying " any further; for right or wrong, his Ship should pay for the Fleuron,a French Ship, seized by a Vessel com-

u missionedand sent to Sea by his Majesty’s Governor of " the LeewardIflands; and that, as such Declaration

was a Denial of Justicein this Inllance of the said Ship " Scipio and her Cargo, and was acting in Vitiation of

4G " th*

298

" the Tenor of several Treaties subsisting between the " Two Crowns, most humbly besought his Majesty, that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to take the Petitioners same into his Royal Consideration j and give " such Directions for the Petition's obtaining speedy u Satisfaction, as to his Majesty should seem meet :* That, notwithstanding these repeated Applications, and frequent Solicitations, for more than Two Years pad, attended with very great Trouble and Expence, the Petitioners have not been able to obtain any the lead Satisfaction for the Loss and Damages fudained by the Seizures and Detention of the said Ship Scipio and her Cargo, as aforesaid: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Merchants, and Planters, and others, trading to, and inter-eded in, his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. IVinningtontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, That they had come to some Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow ...1 Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 230 die Martii;

Anno 12* Georgii II'" Regis, 1738.

P.lt AVERS.

Kibble yT R.‘ Shiittleworth reported from the Committee, to Bridge. _LV_L 'whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Justices of the Peace,’ Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, Land-owners, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County Palatine of Ldncafler, on behalf of themselves, and others. Inhabitants of the same County, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition} and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the i;t House, examined the Matter of the said Petition: And, to prove the Allegations thereof, the Agent for the Petitioners called,

John Poole: Who, being examined, said. That he is wCll acquainted with the several Fords usually paired over by such Travellers as go through the River Ribble, from the Township of Preston to the Township of and has known those Fords 35 Years; and, for Five or Six Years lad past, has very frequently been a Guide to such Passengers as had Occasion to go through that Part of the River:

‘ That the Fords, by reason of the great Frelhes and Tides Which lately happened therein, are so much wore, dtid become so deep and founderous, that Travellers, particularly Strangers, when such Frelhes are out, cannot, specially in the Winter Season, pass and repass

A. 1738.

through the same on Horseback, much less with Carts and Carriages, without great Danger:

That, about Six or Seven Years since, aPerson driving his Cart, loft his Life, and some of the Horses were like-wife loft, in endeavouring to pass through the River; and since that, he has been informed, that others have had the same Fate:

That there are Ferry-boats for carrying over Horses and Passengers; but many Horses will not go into the Boats, and then they are obliged to go Three Miles round about; and Part of that Three Miles is so bad, that, in the Winter Season, it is very dangerous; and Coaches or Carriages, at that time of the Year, cannot, with any Safety, go through the fame:

That all proper Methods have been taken to make the River passable where those Fords are; but the same have proved ineffectual; and, in his Opinion, they never can be made good: That although the Ford, or Place of Passage, hath, of late Years, been changed from one Part of the River to another, for the Conveniency of Persons passing, as hath, from time to time, been thought moll iafe; yet the new Fords, where Travellers now pass, are now, by Use and Wearing, become as deep and founderous as theold ones were whendifufed; so that the Passage through this River, will, in all Probability, be entirely loft in a short time, or become so dangerous, that few Persons will venture to pass through the fame:

That, when the Frelhes and Tides are in, Pack-horses which carry Goods from Preston to Liverpoole cannot pass the Ford, but mull of Necessitygo by Walton', but the Persons who use Preston Market, rather than go near Three Miles about, frequently fwinftheirHorfes over the River; when they have often been in so very great Danger, that the Evidence has refused to guide them over, knowing the y run the Rilk of losing their Lives.

Mr. Ralph Robivfon:Who, being examined, said, He had been acquainted with the Fords in this River for 40 Years; and then confirmed the Evidence of John Poole, as to the bad Condition and Danger of the Fords, and of their being removed from one Place to another; and also as to the Badness of the Road from Preston to Liverpoole into the great common Road, which, he believed, was Four Miles about; and that that Road, in the Winter Season, cannot be passed through with Coaches err Carriages with Safety; and spoke as to the Impossibility of making the Fords good; and also as to the Danger the Persons often run who usually frequent Preston Market; and added, that one Person, about last, had

loft his Life in endeavouring to pass the Ford on a Market Day; and that he saw a Cart and Two Horses, with Three Persons in the Cart, going over the Ford, carried away by the Stream; and they would certainly have been foil, had not forne Servants belonging to a Gentleman come then to their Alliftance.

And he farther said. That the Road by a Place called Tardy Yate, is a high and publick Road; but, in the Winter Season, so bad, that were the several Persons, whole Estates lie on eaehSide the Road, to do double the Statute-work more than, by the Laws in being, they are obliged to do, the same would prove insufficient to repair that Road; and although feme Justices of the Peace have Estates adjoining to that Road, he never knew or heard they had ever attempted to get the same made good.

The said Mr, Robinson was alked, Whether Mr. Fleet-wood did not frequently go over the Ford before mentioned

He said Mr. Fleetwood did; but was often obliged to turn back, or wait till an Opportunity offered to pass through the River.

John Poole and Mr. Wm. Taylor being severally examined, said, That passing through the Fords mentioned in the Petition, are the great and common Road leading from the Towns of Liverpoole, Ormskirk, and other the South West Parts of the said County, to the Towns of Preston, Lancaster, and the North and North West Parts of the fame, and so to Kendall, Carlisle, and the Kingdom of Scotland; which Road is much frequented, and through

the

22° — 230 Martii.

Carrying Sugar directly from the Colonies to foreign #arts.

12 Geo. II. 2 30 Martii. 299

the same considerable Land Carriages pass and re pais; so if the Passage over this River, at those Fords, should be loft, as in all Probability they soon will, the same will be of very ill Consequence to the County of and

to the Trade and Manufactures thereof.

The said Mr. Taylor further gave Evidence, That there is a great Trade carried on between Preston and Liverpool; and that it is nearer by Five Miles to go over the Ford, which is the direct Road, than to go through Walton,by Tardy , to Pemoortha,

into the great Road: That in some Part of the Road by Tardy Yale, there is a narrow Causeway, for Hefrfes; feme Part of the same is in tolerable Repair, but several other Parts of it are bad: And said further, That no Person would go that Way in Winter or Summer, if there could be afafe Passage over, or near, the Fords, at all times of the Year.

Then Mr. Taylor was asked. If heavy Goods were not sent by Water from Liverpool to Preston He said. That they were; but Goods of V alue were generally carried on Horses, or in Carts, when the Roads would permit.

And he being alked, Whether or no it would be of any ill Consequence, if a Bridge was not built over the River? said. It would be very prejudicial to the trading People, whose Business obliged them to go frequently from Liverpoole to Preston; and they often went in Danger of their Lives when they pafffed through the s Fords; and, when they could not pafsthrough, they were obliged to go Five Miles about, and through a Road, Part of which is generally bad.

He being aiked, From whence the Inhabitants of the Tyld Country had their Coals ? said. From about

rngton, Shevingtoti, and Standish j and, should a Bridge be built cross the River near the Ford, they might fetch their Coals with more Safety, and in less Time, to a great Part of the Fyld Country.

Mr. Henri/ Sephlon,being called and examined, said That he had carefully viewed and examined the banks and Land on each Side the River , a considerable Distance above the old lord: That there is no Way of preservinga convenient and safe Passage cross the River, but by erecting a Bridge cross the fame, between the Town ships of Preston and near the old

Ford, where there is a good Foundation; and that the Bridge, when built, will be no Obstruction to the Course of the River: Which Evidence, so given by Mr. Sephlon, was confirmed by Mr. and Mr. Taylor.

And Mr. Sephlon further Paid, That he was ready to enter into a Contract for building a Bridge at the Place before-mentioned, and to make it Fifteen Feet wide from Outside toOutlide, and 306 Feet between the Butments, with Five Arches, and 2,50 Feet Water-way, for^.2,850 and be obliged to keep it in Repair for 21 Years; and would give Security for the Performance of such Contract.

It appeared to the Committee, by the Evidence given by all the Witnesses examined. That if a Bridge was built over the River Rib, it will be of great Advantage to the County, and to the trading People thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Ribble, from the Township of Preston, to the Township of in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Bold,arid Mr. Fazakerley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

River Le& Sir Thomas Clarke presented to the House, according Navigation, to Order, a Bill, for ascertaining, preferring, and improving, the Navigation of the River Lea, from the Town of Hertford to the Town of Ware, in the County of Hertford; and for preferring and improving the said River, from the said Town of Ware, to the City of London *, and for enabling the Governor and Company' of the New River, the better to supply the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs aQd Liberties thereof, with good and wholesome Water: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Vol. 23.

Resolved, That the Bitt be read a Second time.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Committee, Relief of to whom the Bill for explaining an Act passed in the Infoivent Tenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, Aa Debtor»-Act for relief of insolvent Debtors; and for amending the same Act, and so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, as extends the Benefit of the said Act, for relief of insolvent Debtors, to Creditors, whose Debtors were committed to Prison since the ift Day of January 1730, and were detained there upon the ill Day of January 173b, and had chose to continue there, with ref peel only to such Debtors as, by virtue of the said Acts, or either of them, have been compelled to deliver up their Estates and Effects to their Creditors, is corn-, mitted; That they have Power to receive a Clause, for Relief of fuchPeri’ons, being Debtors, who were actually beyond the Seas, on the ift of January 1736; and who by unavoidable Accidents, were deprived of taking the Benefit of the said Act.

A Complaint being made to the House, That *rivilege-

Billingsley, who, in the last Session of Parliament, was ordered into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and was afterwards, in the said Session, ordered to be discharged outofCustody, paying his Fees, but, refusing to pay the fame, continued in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, till the Prorogation of the Parliament, hath since refused, and Hill refutes, to pay the said Fees;

And the (lauding Order of the House, made the 4th Day of April, in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, relating to Persons committed by this House, and absconding from Justice, or refusing to pay their just Fees, being read;

The Serjeant at Arms being called upon, acquainted the House, That the said same Billingsley hath refused, and still refuses, to pay the said Fees;

Ordered, That same Billingsley, who was, in the last Session of Parliament, ordered by this House into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and, Upon his Submission, was ordered by this House to be dillharged out of the said Custody, paying his Fees, not having paid the said Fees, and refusing to pay the fame, be, for his laid Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

An ingrafted Bill to enable the Inhabitants of the Pa- St Nichola* rish of St. Nicholas, in the City of Worcester, to raise Money for discharging the Debts they have contrafted in rebuilding their Parilli Church, was read the Third time.

A Motion was made, and the Questiou being put,

That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Barnard>

Tellers for the Noes 5Mr Hanbury Williams,

tellers lor the Noes,jMr Fqx;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Nicholas, in the City of Worcester, to raise Money for discharging the tiebts the/ have contrafted in rebuilding their parish Church.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A & ^Iney* for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Richard Berney Esquire, decealed, for discharging Incumbrances thereupon, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hartley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition

300 2 3° Marti 1738.

Bakewell, A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and

itc. Road>. Inhabitants, of the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, and Townsand Places adjacent, waspresented to the House, and read; alleging, That if the Bill, now depending in the House, for repairing the Roadsfrom the Town of Bakewell, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Chejkrjidd, in the same County, to the Town of Workfipp, in the County of Nottinghamand from the Head or North End of a certain Street called -

gate; in the Town of Ch aforesaid, to the Town of Mansfield, in the said County of Nottingham; should

?afe into a Law, the same would be a Burthen upon the 'etitioners, and a great Damage to the said Town of Mansfield: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, or have such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Gon-sideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard upon their Petition, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Fyfield, &c. APetitionoffeveralGentlemen, Freeholders,andother Road*. Persons, living in, and usually travelling through, the Road, leading from the House called the&pun Alehouse, in the County of Berks, to New Bridge, in the said County, whole Nnines are thereunto subscrilied; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners find,that a Bill is brought into this House, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Fyfield, in the County of Berks, to Saint John's Bridge, in the county of ; and for repairing the Roads from a House called the Sign of the Swan, to an Inn called the Hinds Head, in the Parish of Kingston Bagpuze, in the said County of Berks; and that the Road from the said House called the Sign of the Swan, to New Bridge, in the said County of Berks, not above a Furlong in Length, joins to the Road above-mentioned, and is very bad in the Winter Season: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made for repairing that Part of the Road which lies between the Sign of the Swan and Neiv Bridge aforesaid, in and by the Bill brought in, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Packer, Mr. Archer, Sir Henry Gough, Mr. ArundellLord Sidney Beauclerk, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Roger Bradfiiaigh, Mr. Walker, Mr. Mackworth Praed, Colonel Mordaunt, Mr. Tower, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Turner, Mr. Bras-fey, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Urquhart, Mr. Dr.

Butler, Sir William Gage, Mr. Sir Courte-

nay, Mr. Drummond, Sir Jo/. Eyles, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Yorke, Mr. , Mr. Cornewall, Mr.

Cosier, Mr. Laroche, Sir Jof. Pennington, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Chamberlayne, Dr. Lee, Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Thomas Tower, Sir John Barnard, Sir James Grant; and all the Members who feiwe for the Counties of Berks, Gloucester, Oxford, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Bennet and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

Mould’* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Nun*. to enable/oAn ATow/d Esquire, and his Ifiue Male, to take

and use the Surname and Arms of Moore, pursuant to

the Will of John Moore Esquire, deceased, without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Crouch’* to enable John Crouch Esquire, eldest Son of Pyke Crouch Esquire, deceased, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Pyke, pursuant to the Will of John Pyke Esquire, deceased, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Wirmington,according to Order, reported from Carrying

the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Su8ar uir*^* ferred to consider of the Petition of the Merchants and t

Planters, and others trading to, and interestedin, his foreign Port*. Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, in order to encourage his Majesty’s Subjects in the British Sugar Colonies in America, to improve and extend their Settlements there, it is necessary they should be permitted, for a limited time, to carry Sugars, of British Growth, from the said Colonies, directly to foreign Ports, under proper Restrictions.

Rqfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That some more effectual Provision be made for securing the Duties already laid upon the Importation of foreign Sugar, Rum, and Melasses, into Great Britain, and his Majesty’s Plantations in America.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill or Bills pursuant to the said Resolutions, And that Mr.

Winninglon, Mr. Walpole, Colonel Bladen, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Gybbon, the Lord Baltimore, and Mr.

Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Fraud* in refolveitfelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon Gold and the Bill for the better preventing of Frauds and Abuses s,lverWare*. in Gold and Silver Wares;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Office* and Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indem- Eolplo^‘Bel,',' nify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the-Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and madefeveral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Supply] House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Surplufes Hated at Lady-day 1738, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surplufesftatedat Michaelm 1738, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of t he reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, intitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1739, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the lift of Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in GreatBritaia,

apd

12 Ge6. II. 23° — 2

and who were married to them before the 25th Day of December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1739, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Establishment of the Royal African Company of England, for their several Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africawith the Charges thereof, for the Year 1738; distinguishing how much of the same is on account of Trade, and how much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Settlements; and also an Account how the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament, towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, hath been disposed of; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charges of the Royal African ..... of England, for the Maintenance

of the several British Forts and Settlements belonging to the saidr Company on the Coast of , for the Year 1739, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Royal AfricanCom-pany of England, presented to the House upon the 26th Day of February last, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament, for the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America, has been applied by them, towards settling and securing the said Colony, be referred to tlte said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, thewing how the Money granted last Session of Parliament, towards the Repair of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, WeJiminfej^'h&s been disposed of, be referred to the said Committee. 1 Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Sura of Three thousand Five hundred Pounds, granted to his Majesty, *41737, for the Repairs of the Church of St, Margaret, Westminster, hath been applied, be referred to

the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, Ihewing how much Money has been received by the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, from Christmas 1737 to Chrifmas 1738, and how the same has been applied, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, how the Money granted

' last Session of Parliament, for Greenwich Hospital, has been disposed of, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

M r. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That ♦bey had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to feeeive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That be was directed by the Committee to move that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Fraud* in The postponed Order of the Day being read, for the

Gold and House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Silverware*. House, upon the Bill for the better preventing of Frauds and Abuses in Gold and Silver Wares;

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce and Disbursements of the Assay Office of the Goldsmiths Company, from the 29th of May 1732 to the 1 ft of February 1738, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duty on wrought Plate, from the ill of

*' June 1720 to Midsummer 1738, distinguishing each Year,

be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

0 Mar tit. 301-

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.-

Sir Francis Child took the Chair of the Committep.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Francis Child reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committeeaf tions beadjourned. Tmtogm.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lima, 26* die Martit; -

Anno 12® Georgii IIdi Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

ABI L L for enlarging the Term and Powers granted Hounslow to by an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of Bifiugftone his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the

Road from the Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called near

the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of , in the County of Surrey, was read a Second time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Onslow, Mr. Scawen, Lord TyrconncL, Mr. Hay, Mr.

Tucker, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Plumptre,

Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Hales, Sir Nathanael Cnrxon, Kir. Trevor, Mr. Sir

Francis Child, Mr. Winnington. Captain Ge-

neral Wade^Mv. Bevan, Mr. Gybbo Mr. Harley, Sir MilesStapylton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Middlesex, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing the Road between Stamford and Stamford and Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Grantham time. Road.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Tyr-connel, Mr. Treby, Mr. Tozvnjhend, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Nat ha. nael Curzon, Mr Gore, Mr. Turner, Sir

Mr. Ashe, Mr. Fox, Mr. Lawton, Mr. ir Miles

Stafjylton, Mr. Fere, Mr. Parsons, General Wade, Sir John Norris, Mr. Compton, Mr. Hay Mr. Earle, Sir James Grant, Mr. Balle, Lord Cornbury, Mr Mr. Winnington, Captain Toicnjhend, Mr. Walker, Mr. Harley-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, York, Rutland, Durham, Northumberland, and North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord for vesting in Archibald Hamilton Esquire, commonly Hamilton’s called Lord Archibald Hamilton, and his Heirs, t he ^ate* Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Berks, therein mentioned, in Trull, to convey the same to Sir William Irby Baronet, and his Heirs; and for laying out the Purchase-money in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses,-and upon the Trulls, therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to'Mr. Winnington, Mr. Lindefay, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Fox, Lord Glenorchy, Mr. Foley, Lord Cornbury, Sir James Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Carexo, Mi,. Bevan, Mr. Herbert,

Lord John Murray, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Lord

Cavendish, Lord Tyrconnel, Mr. Treby, Mr. Price, Mr. Mackworth Praed, Mr. Lawton, Sir Miles Stapylton,

Captain Tozvnjhend, Mr . Butler, Mr Mr. Mar-

den. Sir John Anflruther, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Earle,

4 H Mr.

30 a

Mr. Thompson, Mr. Turne, Mr. Blackett, Sir -

ton;Mr. Plumptre, Lord Sidney Mr.

Mr. Ifucks, Mr. ParJ'ons, Mr. Kent-, and all the Members who serve for the Comities of Berks and;

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Townshend’t An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ElUte. for veiling a Messuage and Lands in Twickenham, late the pftate of the honourable William Townshend Esqyire, deceased, in Trustees, iti Trull to sell the same, pursuant to an Article entered into by the said in his Life-time; and for applying the Money arising by such Sale for the Benefit of Charles Townshend, his only Son and Heir, an Infant; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sekcyn junior, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Plumptre,

Mr. Hen. Fox, Dr. But, Mr. Carew, Mr. Thomas Tower, Mr. Sibthorpe, Lord Charles Cavendish, Lord Tyrconnel, Mr. Bradshaw, Mr. Cojler, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Tower, Sir Miles Stapyltou, Lord Sundon, Brigadier Mi die ton. General Wade, Sir John Norris, Mr. Leathes, Mr. Lnngueville, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Mack-worth Praed, Mr. Packer, Mr. Bevan, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. , Sir James

Grant, Mr. ParJ'ons, Sir Elton, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Kent, Mr. Lloyd, Lord Mr. Pigott, Mr. Comp-

ton, M r.Sbper, Sir Wm.Gage, Mr. Hedworth, ville, Mr. Hay, Sir EdmundIsham, Sir Nicolas Mr. Brereton; and all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Bampfylde have Leave to go into

Absence. the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

Fyfield &c. A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Hoad*. an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Fy field, in the County of Berks, to Sain John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester; and for repairing the Roads from a House called the Sign of the Swto an Inn called the Hind's

Head, in the Parish of Kingston in the said

County of Berks: was read a Second time.

7

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Packer, Mr. Sib/horp, Dr. Butler, Mr. Plumptre, Mr.

Mr.Harley, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Hedworth, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Mackworth Praed, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Corbett, Colonel Onflozv, Mr. Croiole, Sir John Mr. Leathes, Sir Win. Healhcote, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Hay, Brigadier Cope, Lord Middlesex, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Carew, Dr. Lee, Sir Nathanael Cur-zon, Mr. Trevor, Mr. White, Lord Sid. Beauclerk, Sir Win.Clayton, Mr. Owen, Mr. Vere, Mr. Brereton,

Si r Geo.Champion, Mr. Sir Mr.

Lifer, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Mr.

Papillon, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Ord, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Le-heup, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Gore, Mr. Talbot, Mr.

fion, Mr. Dawkins, Sir E Mr. Herbert,'

Mr. Longueville, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Bradshaw, Mr.

Wyndham, Mr. Turner, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Compton, Mr. Warren, Mr. Kinajion, Mr. Alderman Healhcote, Mr. Trefufis, Mr. Chekvynd, Sir John Barnard, Sir Charles Mordaunt; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Berks,

and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

BaUwell, A Petitlcftyof the Mailer, Wardens, Searchers, Assist-

Jcc. Hoad*, ants, and Commonalty, of the Company of Cutlers, in . Ilallamshire, in the County of York, under their common

Seal, in behalf of themselves, and the Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Shtand the Places adjacent,

was presented to the I louse, and read; setting forth. That, on account of the large Trade and Manufacture - carried on within the Limits of that Corporation, great Quantities of Goods aie weekly lent away in Carriages,

:a. 1739.

and on Horsebaek, from Sheffield to London, and other:

Places, through the Towns of Pleajley, in the County oF. Derby, and Mansfield, in the County of j

and grealNumbers of Passengers travel to and from Sheffield, and the Neighbourhood thereof, to and from London, and other Places of this Kingdom, through the said r Towns of Pleajley and Mansfield; and that the Roads

from Sheffield aforesaid, to Mansfield aforesaid, being , computed at about Sixteen Miles, in Winter and wet

Seasons of the Year, are very deep and bad, except-the-.

Two lad Miles thereof, from Pleajley to Mansfield, which ' maybe called good Road, as well for Carriages asHorfes,

and as the Petitioners conceive, may be maintained in

Repair at a very small Expence; and that the Petitioners are informed, That the Petitioners for . the Bill, now depending in this House, for repairing the Roads from the-Town of Bakewell, in the County of Derby,through the

Town of Cheferfield, in the same County, to the Town, of Workfopp, in the County of Nottingham; and from the

Head, or North End, of a certain Street called -

gate, in the Town of Cheferfield aforesaid, to the Town: of Mansfield, in the said County of Nottingham; propose to place a Bar or Toll-gate at Pleafeaforesaid, at or near the Place where the Road from Chesterfield, and the-Road from Sheffield, Rotherham, Wakefield,.

Leeds, Halifax, Kendall, and great Part of the West Riding of Yorkshire,to Mansfield aforesaid, do meet;

and that the Petitioners think it unreasonable, that they, or any other Persons travelling on the said Northern Rokd, should be obliged to pay a Toll, by which the Price of the Carriage of Goods will be increased, as they can receive very little or no Advantage from the intended Turnpike: And therefore praying the House will be pleased to take the Premises into Consideration; and give the Petitioners fuel) Relief against the said Bill as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Joanna Stephens was presented to the Stephen* House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner has. Medicine* for some Years last past, been possessed of a Method of ^ort^e^toa%* preparing Medicines, which are found, by Experience, to be a safe and effectual Cure for the Stone, and by which file has her present Subsistence; and that several Perfoha of DiHi 11ftion, to whom the Cures performed by these Medicines have been made known, have endeavoured to raise the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, by voluntary.

Contributions, in order to pnrehafe of her the Method of preparing and giving the said Medicines; and have accordingly raised the Sum of One thousand Three hundred Eighty-seven Pounds Thirteen Shillings for that;

Purpose; but fee no Probability of completing the whole 1

Sum of Five thousand Pounds: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration. j

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, being informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to their Consideration.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Pttition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, t®-whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to hi«

Majesty;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas I The 7 , Q<

letters for the Yeas, J Mp Thomas ,0j*

Tellers for the Noes, j jJ* 6 2.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Lord William Manners presented to the House, Spittlrgtt* according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Ho«4*. Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for

repairing

0.6° Martii.

High Price of Coals,

DHt#,

Ditto.

fi

ii Geo. II. 26° Martii. ' 30,3

repairing the Road from Spittiegale ffill, near in the County of Lincoln, to Little in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, Tradesmen, and others, within the County Palatine of Durham, was presented to the House, and read; reciting the Petition, pending before this House, of several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves, and of the Glass-makers, Brewers, Distillers, Sugar-bakers, Soap-boilers, Smiths, Dyers, Brick-makers, Lime-burners, Founders, and Callico-printers, and other Traders and Inhabitants* in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, who are Consumers of large Quantities of Coals, imported from Newcastle, and the Northern Parts of England, into the Port of London; and representing to the House, That the said Petition seems calculated to raise a Clamour and Noise, rather than for any publick Good or End; and that the Fasts contained in the said Petition are unjustly suggested, and tend to injure the private Property of these Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the Allegations of the said Petition: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, and the rest of the Common Council, of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in the County of the Town of Nezvcqfile upon Tyne, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Town of Newcastle is an antient Corporation, and has, upon many signal Occasions, distinguished itself in Defence of the Realm; in Consideration whereof it has been honoured with several Royal Grants, whereby considerable Privileges have been granted: And that the Petitioners are apprehensive their Rights and Privileges, in foine Respects, may be greatly affected by the Petition, pending before this House, of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves, and of the Glass-makers, Brewers, Distillers, Sugar-bakers, Soap-boilers, Smiths, Dyers, Brick-makers, Lime-burners, Founders, and Callico-printers, and other Traders and Inhabitants, in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, who are Consumers of large Quantities of Coals, imported from Newcastle, and the Northern Parts of England, into the Port of London: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against so much of the said Petition as may affect these. Petitioners: And also,

A Petition of such of the Brethren of the Fraternity of Hoaft-men, in Newcastle upon Tyne, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; reciting also the Petition, pending before this House, of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves, and of the Glass-makers, Brewers, Distillers, Sugar-bakers, Soapboilers, Smiths, Dyers, Brick-makers, Lime-burners, Founders, and Callico-printers, and other Traders and Inhabitants, in and about the Cities of London and minster,y/ho are Consumers of large Quantities of Coals, imported from NewcaJ'lle, and the Northern Parts of Ejigland, into the Port of London; and representing to the House, That the said Petition is calculated to raise a Clamour and Noise, rather than for any publick Good or End; and that the Fast.s contained in the said Petition are unjustly suggested, and tend toinjurethe private Property of these Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the Allegations of the said Petition.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves, and of the Glass-makers, Brewers, Distillers,

Vol- 23.

Sugar-bakers, Soap-boilers, Smiths, Dyers, Brigk-maker.s, Lime-burners, Founders, and Callico-printers, and other Traders and Inhabitants, in and about the Cities of I.xnidonand Westminster, who are, consumers' of large

Quantities of Coals, im|>orted from and the

Northern Parts of England, into the Port of London, is referred; and the Petitioners were severally ordered to be admitted to be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, according to, the Prayer of their several Petitions.

'; I!1 J / '

' ] 1 ' 7 .,1 ‘ 1"

A Bill for the more easy assessi ng, collecting1, qnd levy- Co’lection of ing, of County Rates, was read a Second time. ' County

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. i es' c‘

Mr. Laroche, Sir Npthanacl Curzon, Mr. Harley, Mr. '!

Cartwright, Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr, Cojler, Lord Wallingford, Mr . Vytier, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Lord

Gallway, Mr. tilaiivillp, Mr. Vere, Mr. Mr.

Robinson, Mr. Townshend, Sir Wm. Mr.

ston, Mr. Whitzoorth, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Brigadier Cope, Mr. Corbett, Sir JohnRantfden, Sir Francis

Boynton, Mr. Polhill, Mr, Treby, Mr. Brad/hazo, Mr.

Plumptre, Mr.' White, Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Thomas

Archer, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Wilkinjbn, Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

Lawton, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Earle, Sir Rozuland Alston,

Mr. Kent, Mr. Compton, Sir Henry Gough, Mr. Lloyd,

Mr. Walker, Lord Robert Montagu, Mr. Henry Archer; and all that come to the Committee are to have Voices:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That the 2d and 3d Section Private of an Act, made in the Tenth and Eleventh Year of the Lotteries. Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for suppressing of Lotteries; and also the 36th and 37th Section of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties on Mum, Cyder,

and Perry, to raise Mouey, by way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1722, and for transferring the Deficiencies of a late Malt Act to the Land Tax for the said Year; and forgiving Time for inserting the Money, given with Apprentices, in their Indentures; and touching loft Bills, Tickets, or Orders; and forexchanging the Tickets in the Exchequer for Certificates; and for suppressing Lotteries, denominated Sales, and other private Lotteries; and for enlarging the Time for the Accomptant General of the Bank of Englandto return Duplicates

of Annuities into the Exchequer; might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining and making more efi'eftual an Act, made in the Tenth and Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for suppressing of Lotteries; and also so much of another Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, to raise Money, by way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1722; ^nd for transferring the Deficiencies of a late Malt Act to the Land 'lax for the said Year; and for giving Time for inserting the Money, given with Apprentices, in their Indentures; and touching loft Bills, Tickets, or Orders; and for exchanging the Tickets in the Exchequer for Certificates; and for suppressing Lotteries, denominated Sales, and other private Lotteries; and for enlarging the Time for the Accomptant General of the Bank of England to return Duplicates of Annuities into the Exchequer; as relate to the suppressing Lotteries, denominated Sales, and other private Lotteries; And that Mr. Carew, Mr. Waller Lloyd,

Mr. Bramston, General Wade, and Mr. Codrington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from offices and the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Employment, indemnify Persons, who have omitted to qualify them-

fehos

t

304

0.6°- — 2 70 Martii. 1739.

selves for Offices and Employments within the Time - limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; was committed, the Amendments whifch the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, ' upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be

ingrossed.

Supply. Mr. Francis Fane also, according to’Otder, reported from, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to coufidef further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had di-rested him to report to the House; which he read in x his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where th‘e same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Cortimittee, That, for defraying the Charges of his Majesty’s Mints, and the Coinage of Gold and Silver Monies, and other incident Charges of the Mints, and thereby to encourage the bringing in of Gold and Silver to be coined, a Revenue, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds per Ann. be made up, settled, and secured, for Seven Years, from the ift Day of March 1738, and until the End of the FirftSession of Parliament then next ensuing.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-nine thousand One hundred Twenty-four Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1739.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Nine hundred Sixty Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines as died upon the Establishment of Half-pay, in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th Day of December 1716, for the Year 1739.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for the further settling and improving the Colony of Georgia in America.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to be applied towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements belonging to the Royal African Company of England on the Coast of Africa.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That aSum, not exceeding Three thousand Five hundred and Fifty-two Pounds and Eighteen Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties at Christmas 1737, pursuant to a Clause in an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fourth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for raisingOne million Two Inndred thousand Pounds, by Annuities and a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1731.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for One Year’s Interest, due on or before the 8th Day of September 1-738, being after the Rate of Four per Cent, on the principal 15

Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, by them lent on the Credit of the Salt Duties, towards the Supply of the Year 1735, pursuant to a Clause in an Act of Parliament, pafiedin the Eighth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings, for the further Term of Four Years. ’ ',:i'

The said Refblutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Committee Elections be adjourned. otPrivilege*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow n Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mortis, 2 70 die Martii;

Anno 12* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1739.

Prayer s.

A PETITION of the Woollen Manufacturers of the Woollen Borough of Tavcstock, in the County of Devon, in behalf of them selves, and other Persons concerned throughout Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture: And praying Relief.

Resolved, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

Mr. Shuttleworlhpresented to the House, according to Ribbto

Order, a Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Bridge. Ribble, from fheTownship of Presto to the Township of Penwortham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Forthight.

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, Supply Bill; by a Land Tax to be raised in Great , for the Laud Tax.

Service of the Year 1739, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1739.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Fitters belonging to the Port of High Price Sunderland-, and also, of Coals,

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Ditto. Occupiers of Lands, in the County of Nort

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; reciting a Petition (pending before this House) of several Persons,whoseNames are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves, and of the Glass-makers,

Brewers, Distillers, Sugar-bakers, Soap-boilers,

Smiths, Dyers, Brick-makers, Lime-burners, Founders, and Calico-printers, and other Traders and Inhabitants in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, who are Consumers of large Quantities of Coals, imported from Newcafand the Northern Parts of England, into the Portof London; and representing to the House, That the said Petition seems calculated to raise aClamour and Noise, rather than for kny publick Good or End; and that the Facts contained in the said Petition are unjustlyfuggefted, and tend to injure the private Property of these Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they tnay be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the Allegations of the said Petition.

And the said Petitions w-6re severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committeeof the whule House, to whom tha said Petition is referred: And the

Petitioners

12 Geo. II.

27® Mar fit.

3°5

High Price of Coals.

Petitioners were severally ordered to be admitted to be A Bill for continuing the Act, made in the Eighth Law* relat-

heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, to ‘"g to the

upon their several Petitions. regulate the Price and Assize of Bread; and for con- °£c

tinuing the Act, made in the Second Year of his present re

t. r.i j , ... . , Majesty, for the better Regulation of Attornies and Soli-

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty read a Second time.

of Westminster, and County of was presented to

the House, and read; fetting forth, That notwithstanding the many good Provisions in divers Acts of Parliament, for regulating the Coal Trade, preventing Combinations therein, and the enhancing the PriceofthatneceflaryCom-modity, yet the Petitioners find the same to have been ineffectual for those Purposes: That Coals have, forfome time pad, been sold at a greater Price than formerly, and the Coals have not come so neat as usually j but the good have been mixed with the worse Sorts, to the great Damage of the Consumers; and that the Petitioners apprehend it to be the plain Intention of the Law, That the Cert ificates of the Sorts of Coals should expressly mention the Quantity of each Sort of Coals put on board every Ship; but, by the manifest Evasion of this Law, the Petitioners suffer greatly; and that, if some Method is not thought of, to put a Stop to such Practices, as, the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bevan, Mr. Walter Lloyd, Sir NathanaelSir

venor, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Gore, Mr. Treby, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Bijfc, Lord Charles Sir RogerBradjhaigh, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Mr.

Drummond, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Guidott, Sir James Grant, Mr. Crowle, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Sir John Jlrulher, S'\r Thomas Read, Mr. Fane, Captain Cornewall, Sir Win. Heathcote, Mr. Hedworlh, Mr. Lindefay, Mr. Harley, Mr. Parjbns, Mr. Longueville, Mr.

Mr. Scawen, Sir Jof Pennington; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Shaftoe

Petitioners are informed, have been and are now carry- Sir Robert Long, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Hylton, Mr. Parker, ing on, by several Persons in and about Newcastle, by and Mr. Guidott, be added to the Committee, to whom flopping of Way Leaves; by taking Leases of Collieries, the Bill to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of to prevent their being worked; by entering into Cove- in the County of Middlesex, to raise Money, by Rates nants with Owners of the adjacent Grounds, for nega- upon themselves, for finidiing the Church of the said tive Way Leaves; by Agreements with the Proprietors Parish, is committed, of Lands adjoining to the River Tyne, for permitting no

Persons to have any Staith Room on the lliver but An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

themselves; and by Agreements for restraining the to enable Rijley Brewer, and his Heirs, to take and life

Owners or Occupiers of Collieries from working or vend- the Surname and Arms of Rijley, pursuant to the Will ing above a certain stipulated Quantity of Coals each of Rijley Esquire, deceal'ed, was read the First time. Year; and by other Measures taken in those Part#, the Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Petitioners have reason to apprehend a farther Advance

in the Price of Coals, if not a Monopoly of them; and An ingrossed BUI from the Lords, intituled, An Act that, by such Means and Practices, and from the high for discharging theF.stateof/o/iM.S'/tfTrwn Esquire, in the Duties on Coals, particularly in the Port of London,the County of Hertford, from the Uses, Trulls, and Cove-

Petitioners, and particularly those who are large Con- nants, in his Marriage Settlement; and for settling an

fumers, labour under very great Difficulties and Dif- Estate, in the County of Nottingham, undTown and Coun-couragements: And therefore praying the House to take ty of the Town of Nottingham, of greater Value, in lieu the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Peti- thereof, to the like Ul’es; was read the First time.

Ealing

'Church.

Brewer’*

Name.

Sherwin’s

Marriage

SettUment.

tioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves, and of

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for applying a Sum of Money, given by the wifanau's Will of Daniel Wiseman Esquire, deceased, for finishing Request to-

theGlass-makers, Brewers, Distillers, Sugar-bakers, Soap- the new Church at Woolwich, in the County of Kent; boilers, Smiths, Dyers, Brick-makers, Lime-burners, and for raising an Annuity, by an Assessment, on the — Founders, and Callico-printers, and other Traders and Inhabitants, in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, who are Consumers of large Quantities of Coals .....from Newcastle, and the Northern Parts of England, into the Port of London,is referred.

— - Woolwich

Parish of Woolwich, during the Lives of Mary Wiseman church, and Elizabeth Crouch, and the Life of the Survivor of them, pursuant to the said Will; was read a Second time.

RefolvThat the Bill be committed to Mr. Byng, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Turner, Mr. Biffe, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Smelt,

Sir John Norris, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Archer, Mr. -A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. flaw, Mr. Blackett, Mr. Treby, Mr. Hales, Sir Thomas

Brewer’*

Name.

Mackenzie’s

Estate.

Sherwin's

Marriage

Settlement.

Thurjton:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Rijley Brewer, and his Heirs to take and use the Surname and Arms of Rijley, pursuant to the Will of Paul Rifiey Esquire, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Sir James Mackenzie, of , to fell Lands

and Hereditaments in the Sheriffdom of Edinburgh, for Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances charged upon, and affecting, the fame: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for discharging the Estate of John Sherwin Esquire, in the County of Hertford,. from the Uses, Trulls, and Covenants, in his Marriage Settlement; and for settling an Estate, in the County of Nottingham, and Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, of greater Value, imlieu thereof, to the like Uses: To which the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Vol. 23.

Hales, Mr. Hay, Mr. Revell, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Polhill,

Captain Purvis, Sir John Peachy, Mr. Pa?Jons, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Sir Chr. Powell, Sir John Turner, Sir Geo. Wynne, Mr. Owen, Mr. Compton, Mr. Walker, Mr.

Wilkinson, Mr. Corbett, Sir Win. Heathcote, Sir Wm.

Lowther, Mr. Loivther, Mr. CarmicliaeMr. Falle, Mr.

Brudenell, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Rose, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Scawen, Lord Limerick, Sir Thomas -ther. General Wade, Sir James Grant, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Francis Boynton, Sir Francis Child, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Lord Wallingford, Mr. Bevan:

And all the Members who serve for the Counties of -Kent and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Francis Child, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better preventing of Frauds and Abuses in Gold and SilverWares. Silver Wares, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

4 I with

Frauds ia Gold and

Rogues,

Vagabonds

Ice.

Ribble

Bridge.

306

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feve-ijally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to, by the House.

And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual Punishing and SupprefBng of Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons; and for the better Relief of Lunaticks and Foundling Children.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 28® die Martii;

Anno 12* Georgii IX*11 Regis, 1739. Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, Land-owners, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Towns of Prefion, thero, Ribchester, Chippin, Goo/nargh, and in

the County Palatine of Lancajl and other the neighbouring Towns and Townships adjoining; and also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Justices o’fthe Peace, Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, Land-owners, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the Towns of and

Poullon, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and other the neighbouring Towns and Townships ad joining; and also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, Land-owners, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradefmen, Land-owners, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Towns of Hornby and Wyerfdale, in the County Palatine of LancaJ'ter, and other the neighbouring Towns and Townships adjoining; and also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, Land-owners, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Towns of Lancaster and in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and other the neighbouring Towns and Townships adjoining; and also,

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Land-owners, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Towns and Hamlets of Ashton, Neither Wyerfdale, For-ton, Cleevely, Holloweth, Cabus, Nateby, Barnicker with

Bonds, and Tarnicker, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and other neighbouring Towns and Townships adjoining;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; setting fprth. That there is a Petition preferred to the House, for Leave that a Bill may be brought in for the erecting a publick County Bridge over the River Ribble, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, at a Place therein mentioned, or in any other Place, as the House shall think raoft convenient; and for raising Money upon the said County Palatine, for defraying the Expence thereof, and of repairing the fame, when built; and for such Relief in the Premises as the House should think proper: which Petition, if complied with, as the Petitioners

23

1

A. 1739.

conceive, will be very detrimental to them, and other the Inhabitants of the said County; That there is an ancient Stone Bridge, of Five Arches, over the said River Ribble, within a Mile of the Place where the intended Bridge is proposed to be built, which has always been repaired at the Expence of the County; and that the said Bridge is in good Repair, and Hands in the great Poll Road leading to the North Part of England and Scotland, and within One Mile of the Borough of Preston; which Road takes in the South-east, and great Part of the West: Side of the County of Lanca; and that, adjoining to the South End of the said Bridge, there is a Road called Walton Copp, of Half a Mile in Length, which has also been always repaired at the Expence of the County; and that, as the Petitioners conceive, the said Bridge of Five Arches is not sufficient to receive the Water of the River Ribble in the time of Floods; for that there is an hollow Way, of about One hundred Yards, laid with large broad Stones, in the said Road called Walton Copp, at the Expence of the County, to receive the waste Water of the said River, which cannot pass through the said Bridge in the time of Floods, and often makes a Stream of half or near a Yard deep: That People have been in great Danger of their Lives in riding through it; and that there is another River, called Derwent, near half as large as the said River Ribble, which joins the said River Ribble above the Place where, as the Petitioners apprehend, the new intended Bridge is proposed to be built; and that the waste Water which, in Floods, flows over the lower Part of Walton Copp, together with what comes down the River Derioent, mull pass through the new-intended Bridge; so that there will be, as the Petitioners conceive, above double the Quantity of Water more to pass through the new-intended Bridge than ever could pass through the old Bridge; and, consequently, the New Bridge, if erected, mull be Nine or Ten Arches, otherwise it mull not only occasion a Stoppage of the fresh Water in time of Floods, but like-wife lay all the Lands, for above a Mile above the said new Bridge, underWater; and also Hop the Flux of the Tide from flowing up into the Country, which will lay the In-maidhes, and other low inclosed Lands below the intended new Bridge, under Water, and endanger the drowning great Numbers of Cattle and Sheep which graze thereon; and that, in case of the least Stoppage of the fresh Water more than usual, the said> Road, called Walton Copp, will be dangerous to Travellers, and rendered almost unpayable; and that, if the said new-intended Bridge is to have Wings, and Ramparts at each End, to Hop the Water (unlefe the said Bridge be as large as above-mentioned), they will occasion a Stoppage and great Overflowing of the Water, as there is not above Three Feet of Fall between Ribble Bridge, and the said new-intended Bridge; and that there is already a Ford at Penwortham, which is moll generally palfable for Carts and Carriages, when the Waters are low, and the Tide out; and, when Floods and high Tides, there is a Ferry for Horse and Foot within a very little Distance of the said Ford; and that the Petitioners, and those travelling from the North, North-east, South, and moll Part of the middle Part of the Country, seldom can have Occasion to go over the said new Bridge; and those Travellers who come from Liverpool and Ormskirk, and the South-weft Part of the County, may go over the Ferry in tinrtd of Floods, or, by going a Mile or Two about, will have the Benefit of a good Turnpike Road, to go to the Town of Preston, or any-ways Northwards; And that the Petitioners apprehend. That it will be a great Expence to the said County to build a Bridge of Nine or Ten Arches, as there is neither Stone or Timber, proper for the said Work, nearer than some Miles to the said Place; and that there is' a Turnpike, erected by Act of Parliament, for the

amending

270 — 28° Martii

12 Geo. II. 28° Martii.

307

amending the great Road between the Towns of JVigan and Prefion, and the old Bridge (lands in the said Road; upon which Act of Parliament a considerable Sum of Money is borrowed; and that, if a new free Bridge should be erected at the Passengers, Cattle, and Carriages, by going a. Mile or Two about, may avoid the Turnpike; and consequently, the Money borrowed thereon may be in danger of being loft, and the Roads not amended: And therefore praying the House, that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, till the Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Ribble, from the Township of Prejion to the Township of Penworlham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, be read a Second time: And the Petitioners were severally ordered to be thenheard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, if they think lit.

High Price A Petition of several Persons, whoseNames are thereof Coals, unto subscribed, on the behalf of themselves, and others. Proprietors of Salt-works, who are Consumers of large Quantities of Coals, imported from , and the

Northern Parts of Engla, to Lymington, the Isle of Wight, and other Parts of the County of was presented to' the House, and read; alleging, That, the Price of Coals hath not only of late been raised and kept up to a great Degree, but that they have also been much worse in Quality than heretofore, occasioned by many indirect Practices made use of by Persons concerned in the Northern Collieries, who thereby monopolize the Coal Trade, and carry on the same by unwarrantable Methods: And that very great Quantities of Salt are annually made by the Petitioners with Coals,

from whence arises a considerableDuty to that Part of his Majesty’s Revenue: And that the Petitioners being under an indispensable Necessity of consuming large Quantities of Coals, for which they pay a high Duty in manufacturing Salt, are unavoidably subjected to the Detriment and Oppression occasioned by such illegal Practices; the Confluences of which are more sensibly felt by the Petitioners, they being thereby rendered unable to carry on so beneficial a Branch of Trade upon equal Terms with the Northern Proprietors, who pay no Duty for Coals consumed in making Salt, and are exempted from the Inconveniencies arising from such Monopoly; which, if not timely prevented, will tend greatly to the Destruction of manufacturing Salt by the Petitioners, and to the Prejudice of Navigation encouraged and supported thereby: And therefore praying the House to take the Premifes into Consideration; and to give the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, ou behalf of themselves, and of the Glass-makers, Brewers, Distillers, Sugar-bakers, Soapboilers, Smiths, Dyers, Brick-makers, Lime-burners, Founders, and Callico-printers, and other Traders and Inhabitants, in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, who are Consumers of large Quantities of Coals imported from Newcastle, and the Northern Parts of England, into the Port of London, is referred.

Mackenzie’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act tftate. to enable Sir James Mackof Royston, to fell Lands and Hereditaments in the Sheriffdom of for

Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances charged upon, and affecting the fame, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the BUI be read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Committee, Laws re-to whom the Bill for continuing the Act, made in the kungtothe 8th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, &e to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread; and for continuing the Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors; is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, to obviate a Doubt, which has arisen upon the Construction of the said Act, for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, by declaring, that the (hid Act does and shall extend to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and to contain such Provisions as shall be proper for the better Execution of the said Act in Scotland.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Edinburgh enable his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to grant his Theatre* or their Letters Patent, to any Person or Persons, to act, reprelent, or perform, or cause to be acted, represented, or performed, any Interlude, Tragedy, Comedy, Opera,

Play, Farce, or other Entertainment of the Stage, or any Part or Parts therein, within the City or Liberties of Edinburgh: And that the Lord Glenorchthe Lord/o/in

Murray, Mr. Maule, and Sir Arthur Forbes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to an<* Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the High Prie* whole House, to consider of the Petition of several Per- of Coal*, fons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the behalf of themselves, and of the Glass-makers, Brewers, Difftillers, Sugar-bakers, Soap-boilers, Smiths, Dyers, Brick-makers, Lime-burners, Founders, and Callico-printers, and other Traders and Inhabitants in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, who are Consumers of large Quantities of Coals imported from Newcastle, and the Northern Parts of England, into the Port of London, is referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bramston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Wlr.Bramston reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel for the Petitioners upon the said Petition, and examined several Witnesses: And that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

St.Catherine Sir John Barnard presented to the House, according

Coleman to Order, a Bill to enable the Parishioners of the Parish Church. of St Catherine Coleman, in Fenchurch-street, in the City

of London, to rebuild the Church of the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First time. Vol. 23.

29° Martii. A. 1739.

Jovts, 2 90 die Martii;

Anno 1 a* Georgii II4* Regis, 1739. Prayeks.

A PETITION of the Gentlemen and others. Inhabitants of the Parish of , and other adjacent Parishes, and of the City of Bath, and other Persons liv-ingnear, and usually travelling through, the Road leading from the City of Bath to 1 heCity of ,whose Names

are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read , setting forth, That, by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for amending the several Roads leading from the City of Bristol , and, by another Act of Parliament, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the aforesaid Act, which Acts are yet in Force, Provision is made for amending the Road leading from the City of Bristol, through the Parishof Bitton, in the County of Gloucester, to Buckle Brook, in the Parish of Kelfon, in the County of Somerset; but that neither of the said Acts have yet

been, or are likely to be, put in Execution: And that so much of the said Road leading from the City of Bath to the City of Bristol, as lies in the said Parish of Kelfon, between Buckle Brook aforesaid, and Combes Brook in the said Parish of Kelfon, adjoining to Part of the Roads di-rested to be repaired by the Acts in this Petition mentioned, by reason all the Tranting Waggons between London&nd Bristol, the Brass Waggons, and many other heavy Carriages frequently pass through the fame, is become so bad, notwithstanding the very great Expences the Parish has been at, that it cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws now in being for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, be repaired, unless some Provision be made for that Purpose; and a Bill being now depending in the I Ioufe, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and given by Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other made in the Seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing, amending, and enlarging the Highways between the Top of Kingsdown Hill and the City of Bath-, and also several Highways leading to and from the said City; and for cleansing, paving and lightening, the Streets, and regulating the Chairmen there; and also for repairing several Highways leading from the Top of Old Down, alias Odd Dozen, to Dunkerton Bridge, from the Top of Cla-verton Down, alias Clarion Down, to New Bridge, over Camber Brook-, and from Avon to the Globe Inn

in the Parish of Newton Saint Loe-, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; therefore praying, That, in the said Bill such Provision may be made for the effectual repairing so much of the said Road leading from Bath to Bristol, as lies between Buckle Brook and Combes Brook aforesaid, as to the House shall seem meet, notwithstanding the said Acts for amending the several Roads leading from the City of Bristol.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Carew, Sir Francis Boynton, SirGeo. Cafwall, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Cornezoall, Mr. Linde-say, Mr. Chester, Mr. Packer, Mr. Francis Fane, Mr. Thomas Toxoer, Mr. Walter Lloyd, Colonel Onfow, Mr. Horfmonden Turner, Sir Jof Pennington, Mr. Mackworth Praed, Mr. Bramston, Sir Nathanael Sir James

Grant, Mr. Brereton, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Holle-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset,' Wilts, Devon, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Aningrossed Bill to indemnify Persons who’have omit- Offices and ted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, Employ-within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, that Mr. Carkeffe, Se- Carolina cretary of the Customs, attended at the Door; Ric«.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Quantity of Rice carried directly from Carolinato foreign Parts to the Southward of Cape Finijlcrre, from 1730

to Christmas 1737; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Parsons, Comp- Run)) &c. troller General of the Customs, attended at the Door; imported io-

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the to America. House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Quantity of Rum, or Spirits, Melasses, Syrups, Sugar or Paneels, have been imported into any of his Majesty’s Northern Colonies in America, from any of the French,

Dutch, or other foreign Colonies, from Christmas 1733 to Christmas 1737, with the Account of the Duties collected thereon, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Francis Child reported from the Committee, to Ealing whom the Bill to enable the Parishioners of the Parish Church, of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, to raise Money, by Rates upon themselves, for finishing the Church of the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: "Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to bfy the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Packer reported from the Committee to whom Fyfield, lie. the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Roads,

Persons, living in, and usually travelling through, the Road leading from the House called the Aiehouse, in the County of Berks, to New Bridge, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows;

The Committee have, in pursuance of the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And

12-Geo. II. 290 — 30

And, in order to prove the Allegations thereof,

Mr. Thomas /Titleup/) and Mr. William Cook were called: Who, being (everally examined, laid, That they were well acquainted with the Furlong of Road mentioned in the Petition, which is very bad, and fearce payable in the Winter Seafott; and that the said Road is so situated, with regard to the Road intended to be repaired by the Bill, now depending in this House, referred to in the Petition, that nnlel’s the Powers therein given be extended to the said Piece of Road, it is potlible for Cattle and tingle I lories, by pading through the fame, to avoid paying the Poll for the Repair of the Road mentioned in the Bill referred to, notwithstanding the y have used a great Part of the Road, and received-the Benefit of the said Repair.;

Mr. Wm.Cook farther said, That the neighbouring Farmers, who were obliged to pass through the Furlong of Road deli red to be repaired, were acquainted with the present Application to this House; and that they werefo far from thinking that it would be-any Grievance to them to have the said Road repaired, and subjected ton Toll, that they were greatly desirous of it.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Hoad from Fij-feld, in t he County of Berks, to John's the County of Gloucester-, and for repairing the Roads from a House called the Sign of the Swan, to an Inn called the Hind's Head, in the Parish of

puze, in the said County of; is committed; That they have Power to, make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing the Road between the said House called the Sign of the Swan, to New B? in the said County of Berks.

' Martii. 309

Tellers for the Xoe-st H1' Cornnveli. 1 '

M r. I racJ

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Bill was committed to Mr. Mr.

Car civ, Mr. Tract), Mr. GlanvilleMr. Harley, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Vere, Sir John l.ijier Kaye, Mr. Pollen, Mr. CMr. Bankes, Mr. Et'n'ie, Sir Abr. Elton, Mr. Mac. Praed, Sir. Geo.

Ca)wall, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Fox, Mr. Winnington, Sir Robert. Abdy, Sir John Morgan, Sir Charles Mordaunt,

Mr. Knight, Mr. Shafttoe, Mr. Richard Sir Miles

Stapylron, Mr. Compton, Sir Robert Mr- Price,

Mr. Dennis, Brigadier Midleton. Sir Francis Child, Mr.

Hooper, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Danvers, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Alderman IVillimott, Mr. Neale, Mr. Herbert:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Six of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Fox be added to the Com- Relief cf mittee to whom the Bill for explaining an Act, passed in I»solve*t the Tenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, Debtors, An Act for Relief of insolvent Debtors; and for amending the same Act, and so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, as extends the Benefit of the said Act For Relief of insolvent Debtors to Creditors whose Debtors were committed to Prison since the First Day of January 1730, and were detained there upon the

lit Day of January 1736, and had chofe to continue

there, with respect only to such Debtors as, by virtue of the said Acts, or either of them, have been compelled to deliver up their Dilates and Effects to their Creditors; is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mo ruing, N ine of the Clock.

Ribbie Ordered, That Comifel be admitted to be heard at the Bridge. Second Reading of the Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Ribbie, from the Township of Preston to the Tou nship of Perncorthamin the County Palatine of Lancaster, in Favour, of the said Bill.

Lawsrespect- The Order of the Day being read, for the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill to obviate certain er' Doubts, Hjhich have arisen upon the Construction of the Act of the First Year, of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather;

The Counsel for and against the said Bill were called

in:.

And the Counsel for the said Bill were heard, and examined several Witnesses, and went through their Evidence.

Then the Counfel for the Petitioners, upon the Petitkm of the Cord wainers, and other Manufacturers of Leather into W ares, in and near the City of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, were heard by way of Reply:

And then the Counsel for the Petitioners, upon the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Leather-fellers in the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, or Members of

the Company of Leather-fellers in the City of London, on behalf of themselves, and others exercising the Trade of Leather-fellers, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, were also heard by way of Reply.

And then the Counsel for and against the said Bill were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas 5 Mr Stomas Gore> 1 A9 1 ior the leas, jGlanville: J 48,

VOL, 23.

Veneris, 30° Martii;

Anno i2* Georgii II41 Regis, 1739.

Road.

Prayers.

fjRDERED, That Sir James Grant, Lord Sidney - Ilounflow to clerk, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Papillon, Captain OBaiingftone

Mr. Dodinglon, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term anti Powers granted by an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called , near the

Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windlesham, in the County of Surrey, is committed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common- High Price council of the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Coal*, of Norfolk, in their Guild-hall assembled, on behalf of themselves, and the Ship-owners, Traders and Consumers of Coals, in the same Borough, and Counties adjacent., within theirinland Navigation, was presentedtothe House, and read; letting forth. That the Port o is the Se-

cond Port in the Kingdom for Importation of Coals from Newcastle, and other Places in the North of England:

And that, for several Years last pad, great Abuses and Burdens have been laid upon the said Trade, by indirect Methods and Practices, by Persons concerned in the Management and Monopoly at those Parts: And that the Price of Coals at Newcastle, and other Parts of the North have been not only advanced thereby, but the Measure of the said Commodity is much lessened to all Ships trading in the fame; to the Prejudice of Navigation, the Nursery of Seamen, and the great Damage of the Petitioners:

And that of late great Quantities of bad and unservice-ableCoalshave been imposedon the Shipping, by mixing one Sort with another at the Staiths, to the great Oppression of Artificers and Consumers in general: And therefore praying, That the House will please to take

4 K the

A-

3

io

30° Ma.

A 1739:

the Premises into Consideration: and give the Petitioners fuel) Relief therein as to the Hotife shall feein meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Petition of several Persons, -whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the behalf of themselves, and of the Glass-makers, Brewers, Distillers, Sugar-bakers, Soap-boilers, Smiths, Dyers, Brick-makers, Lime-burners, Founders, and Callico-printers, and other Traders and Inhabitants in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, who areConfumers of large Quantities of Coals, imported from and the Northern Parts of into the Port of

London.

Laws rc- Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee

Jating to the to whom the Bill for continuing the Act, made in the Bread °&c Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen ’ Ann e,to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread; and for

continuing the Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors; is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clanfe, That any Person, being one of the People called Quakers, who may have served, or shall hereafter serve, a Clerkship with an Attorney or Solicitor, and shall be qualified, as by the said Act of the Second Year of his present Majesty is required, shall, upon taking his solemn Affirmation in the usual Form, instead of any Oaths thereby directed to be taken, be admitted and inrolled, as if he had taken the said Oaths.

Laws rc- Ordered, Tlvat all that come have Voices at the Com -1P*fljnS>ian" mittee to whom the Bill to obviate certain Doubts, which a eather. jjave arisen upon the Construction of the Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather, is committed.

Frauds in Gold and Stiver Warts.

An ingrossed Bill for the better preventing of Frauds and Abuses in Gold and Silver Wares, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were proposed to be made so the Bill; viz.

Press 6. L. 10. After the Word " for," and before the Word " felling," to insert the Word "exporting;" and, in the same Line, after the Word " felling," to insert the Words "or exporting to Sale:"

Pr. 12. L. 12. To leave out the Word " said:"

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better preventing Frauds and Abuses in Gold and Silver Wares.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Child do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Pi racy; Laws Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

respeaing explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Naval Offi- Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George Go^a&cID8 Eirft. made perpetual by another Act, passed in the Second Year of his present Majesty, for the more effectual suppressing of Piracy, as relates to the preventing Officers of his Majesty’s Ships of War from carrying Goods and Merchandizes on Freights, or trading the rewith; and for making the said Act more effectual; and for indemnifying Inch Persons as may have offended against the said Act; and for preventing Seamen deferring Merchant Ships on the Coalts of Africa, or entering into any other private Service there; and to prevent their conveying away an}' Boat, Canoe, or Craft, belonging to any Merchant Ship trading to and on the said Coast: And that the Lord Baltimor and Sir do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, That the Sheriffs of the R,v?r V. City of London attended at the Door; avigation.

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, a Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

A nd the said Petition was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have observed, by the Votes of this House, that a Bill is brought-in for ascertaining, preserving, and; improving, the Navigation of the River , from the,

Town of Hertford to the Town of Ware, in the County;

of Hertford-, and for preserving and improving the said-River from the said Town of Ware to the City of

don; and for enabling the Governor and Company of the New River the better to supply the Cities of and

Westminster, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, with, good and wholesome Water: And that the Petitioners are concerned in Interest in the Navigation of the said River; and apprehend, that if the said Bill should pa& into a Law, the Navigation of the said River, which is of great Use and Benefit to the City of London, by the cheaper conveying of Grain and other Commodities to and from the said City, instead of being improved, will be much prejudiced, if not totally destroyed, and the Rights and Privilegesof the Petitioners infringed thereby:

And therefore praying, That they may have l.eave to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, before the same shall pass this House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, in Favour of the said Bill, at the same time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Sevennight.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Laws ref-Twenty-fifth Year of the KeignofKirtg Charles the Se- pefting cond, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which ^ufenu. may happen from Popish Recusants, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That Leave be given to bring.in a Bill to repeal so touch of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants, as obligeth all Persons who are admitted into hny Office.Civil or Military, to receive the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper within a time limited by the said Act; and for explaining and amending so much of the said Act as relates to the Declaration against Transubstantiation;

The House divided. The Yeas went forth. ' 1

Tellers for the Yeas, f Sir Jof. Eyles, I Colonel Mordaunt: f 89.

Tellers for the Noes, (Mr. Poiclctt, i Mr. Edgecumbe: . J 188.'

So it passed in the Negative.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Rogues, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Vagabond* House, upon the Bill for the more effectual punifiiing and suppressing of Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons; and for the better Relief of Lunaticks and Foundling Children.

Resolved, That this House will upon Tuesday Morn- Hinh Price ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the v.-l»ole of Coals. House to consider further of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and of the Glass-makers, Brewers, Distillers, Sugar-bakers, Soap-boilers, Smiths, Dyers, Brick-17 # makers.

la Geo. II.

30° Martii. — 2° Aprilis.

makers, Lime-burners, Founders, and Cal I ico-printers, and other Traders and Inhabitants* in and about the Cities of London and WeJ't mwho are Consumers of large Quantifies of Coals, imported from , and the Northern Parts of England, into the Port of London.

Committee of OrderedThat the Committee of Privileges and Elec-

PrWilege*. tjous be adjourned.

And then the IToufe adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna*) 20 Aprilis; Anno 12* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

Bath

..... ’ll 1 R. Carew presented to the House, according to

° a . Order, a Bill for erecting and establishing an Tlof-

pital or Infirmary within the City of in the County of SomerJ'el, for the Relief of poor Persons resorting to the said City for the Benefit of the mineral Waters there; for incorporating the Trustees; and for the better Management and Dilpolition of the Charities already given, or to be given, for the Support and Maintenance of the said Hospital or Infirmary: And the same was received , and read the First time.

Bifolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Townshend’s Mr. Leheup reported from the Committee*to whom Estate. the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a. Messuage and Lauds in Twickenham, late the Estate of the honourable William Tmcnjhend Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in Trull, to sell the same, pursuant to an Article entered into by the said William Toxon/lrend, in his Life-time; and for applying the Money arising by such Sale for the Benefit of Jhend his only Son and Heir, an Infant: was committed;. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and th;it the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: and he read the Report in his - Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were read; and are as follow;

: Press 1. 1L. 2. To leave out the Words " in FeeAmple," and insert to him and his Heirs

L. 7. After the Word " deceased," to infert some small Part thereof being Copyhold

Li 35. After the Word " Freehold," to insert " Copyhold:"

.Press a. L. 19. After the Word "Freehold," to insert "or Copyhold:"

L. 29. After the Word " Freehold," to insert " and Copyhold

L. 41. After the Word "Freehold," tO insert " and Copyhold.

Press 3. L. 5. To leave out the Word Freehold:" L. 25. To leave out the Words " being

Freehold

Press 4. L. 7. After the Word "Freehold," to insert " and Copyhold

L. 37. To leave out the Word " Freehold;" Press 7. L. 22. After the Word " Successors," to insert, " and to the Lord of the Manor of which the said " Copyhold Premises are held."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Pakewell, Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for it. Roads, repairing 1 lie Roads from the Town of BakeueU, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Clt^fterfeld, in the same County, to the Town of in the

Vol. 23.

311

County of Nottingham; and from the Head or North

End ofa certain Street, called Glewmain the Town

of Chesterfiddafore said, to the Town of Mansfield, in the said County of Nottingham; is committed; have Power

to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Collection to whom the Bill for the more ealy aftelfing, coliefling, of County and levying, of County Rates is committed, That they R,te3-have Power to receive a Clause, to enable Justices of the Peace within the several Counties, Ridings, or Places, within that Part of Great Britain called England, at their general Quarter Sessions, to contract and agree with such Persons as they shall think proper, for the Repairs of their County Bridges, for any Term or Terms of Years.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sherwin’* for discharging the Estate of John Sherwin Esquire, in M»rring« the County of Hertford, from the Uses, Trulls, and Co- *tl ement* venants, in his Marringe Settlement; and for settling an Estate in the County of Nottingham, and Town and County of the Towm of Nottingham, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. tre, Mr. Gregory, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr. Martin, Mr. Treby,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Kent, Mr. Maule, Mr. Jewkes, Mr.

Pigott, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Thompson,

Mr. Bance, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Wardour, Sir Charles Wager, Colonel Onslow, Mr.

Fane, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Earle, Mr. Winnington,

Mr. Polhill, Sir Jof.Pennington, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Bol*

len. Dr. Lee, Mr. Shuttleioorth, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Chr.

Bowell, Mr. Hinxman, Dr. Butler, Mr. Mr.

Lloyd, Mr. Fyner, Mr. Parsons, Lord Baltimore, Mr.

Hales, Mr. Cornewall, Lord Charles Cavendish, Lord Sidney Beauclerk; and all the Members who serve for

lire Counties of Nottingham, Derby, and Hertford t And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Edmund I (ham presented to the House, according. Brampton

to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Bridge, &c. granted by an Act, pafl’ed in the Eighth Year of the Roads* Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending the Highways leading from Brampton Bridge to Welford Bridge, in the County of Northampton-, and also the great Poll Road from Morterpit Hill, in the said County, through Bri.vworlh, Lamport, Kel-

marsh, and Oxenden Magna, to Chain Bridge, leading into Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester;

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Rebuilding, Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give &c. of Ship/. Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, an Estimate of what may be necessary for the Rebuildings and Repairs of his Majesty’s Ships for the Y'ear 1739.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Brewer’*

16 enable Bijley Brewer, and his Heirs, to take and life Name, the Surname and Arms of Bjley, pursuant to the Will of Paul Bifey Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chamberlayne, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Falle, Sir James , Mr.'

Polhill, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Laroche, Mr. M

Mr. Sibthorfie, Mr. Lloyd, Lord T Mr worth Praed, Sir CharlesMor daunt. Sir Edmund Isham,

Mr. Hooper, Sir Hen. Liddell, Mr. Howe, Sir Francis

Child, Mr. Archer, Mr. Pitt, Mr. H Mr. Glcnorchij,

Mr.

312 2° Aprili A. 1739.

Mr. Ijehcup, Mr. Wollaston, Colonel Onfiozc, Mr. Thomp- Lane, and Baumber Fields, to the Wolds, or

son, Mr. Gulf on, Mr. Trefufis, Mr. Yorke, Sir Francis North-East Part, of the said County, was committed,

Boynlon, Sir Clir. Purcell, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Hales, Mr. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of

Wyndham, Mr. Shutllcicorlli, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Geo the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone Wynne, Mr. Fox, Mr. A/he. Lord Baltimore, Mr. Come- through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-

wall, Mr. Bance, Sir Nathanael Carson, Mr.

Mr. Kent, Mr. Winning!on, Mr. Captain

hend, Mr. Techy, Dr. Butler, Mr. Mr.

gory, Mr. Lindefay, Mr. Wilkinson,; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bucks, Northampton, and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bakewell, Ordered, That Mr. Pelham, Mr. Mr.

Sec. Road*. Hampden, Mr. Wodehouse, Lord Lord Corn-

bury, Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. Harley, Mr. Robert Hucks, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Compton, Mr. , Mr.

Monson, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Nolle, Mr. Thomas AW, Mr. Knight, Mr. Neale, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Crewe, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Ben. Bathurfi, Mr. Hen. Mr. Peter ihurst, Colonel Mordaunt, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr.

Mr. Wort lei/, Mr. Daze kins. Sir Roger Bargoyne, Mr. Hinxmtin, Lord JohnSackville, Coloael Herbert. Mr.

Fo refer, M r. Conolly, Sir Hen. Sir Wm. Middle-

ton, Lord Harry Powlett, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Evans, Mr. Blackett, Mr. Trefufis, Mr. Whitmore, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for repairing the Roads from the Town of Bakewell, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Chefiin the same County, to the Town of Workfopp, in the County, of Nottingham; and from the Head or North End of a certain Street called Glewmangate, in the Town of Chesterfield aforesaid, to the Town of Mansfield, in the said County of Nottingham; is committed.

Ordered, That all have Voices that come to the said Committee.

Spittlegate A Petition of the Alderman, and Com Burgesses, and

Hill Roads. Inhabitants, of Grantham, and several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and others, of the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; fettingforth, That a Petition has been presented to the House, by the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Spittlegate Hill, near Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham j and also several Gentlemen, Farmers, and Waggoners, living near, and usually travellingthrough, the said Road; praying Leave to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terras and Powers by the said former Act granted; and that these Petitioners have been great Sufferers by the Neglefl in repairing that Part of the Road directed by the said Act to be repaired, which lies next the Town of Grantham; and that, for many other Reasons, shoulJ the Term and Powers be enlarged, it would be a great Loss and Damage to these Petitioners: And therefore praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, or have such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted be an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Spittlegate Hill, near Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham, be read a Second time: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counftd, against the said Bill, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard in favour of the said Bill, at the same time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Sevennight.

Lincoln Mr* Vynerreported from the Committee to whom Road*. the Bill for repairing the Roads from the North-West Parts of the County of Lincoln, through Nettlam Fields, *7

unto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bein-grossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act. st. Nicholas to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. v Church at

in the City of Worcester, to raise Money for discharging - WorcdL-r.

the Debts they have contracted, in rebuilding their Parish Church, without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Nunkeeling, making Divisions, Inclosures, and Allotments, of the &c. inclo-open Corn Fields and Common Pasture in the Lordship sure* of Bezoliolm, otherwise Bezoham, in the Parish of Nun-keeling, in the County of York-, and for settling and establishing the Payment of a yearly Sum to the Impropriators of the Rectory of Nunkeeling aforesaid, and their Heirs, in lieu of Tythes arising within the said Lordship, pursuant to an Agreement between the said Impropriators and the Proprietors of the said Lands: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Lindefay presented to the House, according to Soaj-, &c. Order, a Bill for drawing back the Duties payable on "fed iu fecov. Soap, Allies, Starch, and Blue Azure, or Smalts, which bi"achin»

shall be employed, spent, and consumed, in the Bleaching, 9‘

and Whitening of new Linen Cloth, or Linen and Cotton Cloth, in the Piece, Linen Yam, and Linen Thread made of Lint or Flax, which shall be whitened at the publick Bleaching Fields, that now are and have been, or which shall hereafter be, erected and filled up upon Contracts with the Commissioners,and Tnifteesappointed by his Majesty’s Letters Patent for improving Fisheries and Manufactures in that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland; and also for the more effectual preventing the Use of Lime, Pigeons Dung, and Soap Dregs, in the Whitening and Bleaching of Linen Cloth, Linen and Cotton Cloth, Linen Yarn, and Linen Thread, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Rogues, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Vagabond, upon the Bill for the more effectual punishing and sup- c* pressing of Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons; and for the better Relief of Lui^aticks and Foundling Children; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Order of the House, made upon the 23d Day of February, for committing the said Bill to a Committee of the whole House, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be committed to a select Committee.

And the Bill was committed to Mr. Hay, Mr. Pollen,

Mr. Earle, Mr. Digby, S\rlYm. Heathcole, Mr. Danvers,

Mr. Gybbon, Sir Chr. Powell, Lord Tyrconnel, Sir Jof.

Pennington, Mr . Bankes, Mr. Fane, Mr. Knight, Mr.

Cornewall, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Praed, Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Ilowe, Mr. Tracy, Sir Mr. Speke, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Lockyer, Sir Thomas Read, Mr. Hales, Mr. GLord Sidney Beauderk, Mr. Bcvan, Mr. Trefufis, Mr. Treby, Sir

Nathanael

12 Geo. II. 2° — 30

Nathanael Curzon, Sir James Grant, Dr. Butler, Mr. Co*

drington, Mr. LortguevilleMr. Leheup, Sir Robert

Mr. Walker, Mr. Arundell, Mr. Winnington, Mr Gore, Mr. Townshend, Mr. FterMr. Mr. Horfmondtn Turner, Sir Abr. Elton, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Gregorys Mr Lloyd, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Packer, Mr. Secretary at

War, Lord Sundon, Mr. Archer, Lord Mayor of Mr. Bladen, Sir Edmund Sir Nicolas Williams,

and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And all that come to the said Committee are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read;

Ways The House resolved itself into a Committee of the and Means: whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for taifing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-of Privileges, tions be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 30 Sfprilis;

Anno i2° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1739.

Praters.

Cord ]V/TR- Winnington reported from the Committee, to Hampton’s I ▼ A whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti-Eiiai«. tilled, An Act for vesting in Archibald Hamilton Esquire, commonly called Lord Archibald Hamilton, and his Heirs, the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Berks, therein mentioned, in Trust, to convey the same to Sir William Irby Baronet, and his Heirs; and for laying out the Purchase-money in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses, and upon the Trulls,therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Hieh Price Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses and of Coal». other the Inhabitants and Consumers of Coal, of the Borough o i Abingdon,in the County of Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and many others was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Borough is very populous* and depends only onTrade, and is situate where Fuel is very dear; and therefore the Inhabitants are chiefly obliged to make use of Coals which they purchase at a very great Price, being brought from London by Water, by Computation, about One hundred and Forty Miles, and- are obliged to pay Eighteen Shillings for the Carriage of every Chaldron of Coals; and that many of the Petitioners do Vot. 23.

Aprilis. 313

vend great QuantitiesofCoals imported from Newcastle, and other Northern Parts, of England, into the Port otf London, being the chief Freight that the Barges belongs ing to ,the said Borough make, in their Return u^ tte said Rivpr to the said Borough; and that the Price ofiCoalh hath, for. severalYears pad, been greatly advanced, as the Petitioners have been well informed; by the many indi* rest Practices of Persons concerned in the Management of the Coal Trade, at Newcastle, and other Northern Parts of this Kingdom; and that, of late Years, during the Time that Coals imported into the Port of London have borne a much greater Price, such Coals have like* wile been much worfein Quality than heretofore known I and that, of late, great Quantities of bad and unfervieel ableCoals have been imported into London, and imposed on the Consumers as good; by which, Adulteration the Petitioners, and others the Consumers, are defrauded in the Use and Service intended from such Commodity; to the Detriment of the Consumers in general, but the much "

greater Injury and Loss to all Workmen and Artificers, whole Labour and Manufactures are thereby rendered unprofitable and useless, to the great Destruction' df Trade and Indultry in all the considerable Branches of Business: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the Petitioner! may have such Relief therein as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Petition of several Persons, whoseNames are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves, and of the Glass-makert

Brewers, Distillers, Sugar-bakers, Soap-boilers, Smiths,

Dyers, Brick-makers, Lime-burners, Founders, and CaU lico-printers, and other Traders and Inhabitants, in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, who areCon-fumers of large Quantities of Coals imported from Netv-cafllc, and the Northern Parts of England, into the Port of London.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Couq- Importation cil, Citizens, and principal Inhabitants, of the City of and Export»-Exon, was presented to the House, and read: fettirtg forth, ‘iwvofWopl. That for many Years pail, there has been a largeWoolldn Manufacture carried on in that City, and the Townsand Counties adjacent., to the great Benefit of the Kiugdont in general, as well as that City in particular; hut that; for some late Years, the Petitioners have sensibly felt h very great Decay of the fame, occasioned, as the Petitioners apprehend, by the clandestine Exportation of

British and Irish Wool to foreign Parts, and particularly

to France-, and that the Petitioners huve seen, with the greatest Comfort and Satisfaction, that tihe House have 1 been pleased to take into their Confidemtion the present State of the Woollen Manufacture, and have com’e to several Resolutions, which the Petitioners apprehend, and hope, will be conducive, in a great measure, to the preventing those Mischiefs for the future; and therefore iu bin it ting to the Consideration of the House, that the Woollen Mannfacture in that City, and Parti adjacent, hath, for many Years pall, laboured under very great Discouragements and Di fad vantages, for want of having a Liberty of importing Wool and Woollen Yarn from Ireland into that Port, and having the Duty of Foul-Pence per Stone, now payable on all Wool exported frbtti Ireland taken off;, for that the Petitioners are1, by thfet means, not only put to the extraordinary Charge efrk Land Carriage for Forty Miles (which, together with the Duty now payable cm Exportation, is a-heavy Load on

the Manufacture in general), but ahotbi Irish, as the Petitioners apprehend, are thereby laid finder a kittd ftf Nepeffity of finding a. Market for their Wool in fotCigtt Parts, fine* they are deprived of the Liberty to make the bell Price, of their Wool in all the Southern Ports of England, where it is most wanted, and friqft likely po be purohafed and wrought up; and, finoe- tbii Hoyjfe bqe been pleased, by one of tbftit Resoluttoos, td extend the Liberty of exportingWool and WotoHen Yarn

4 L to

Bftckeazier«

Mate.

Answer to Addrefi.

Townshend’s

EUate.

NunkecKogv

Ac.

inclosure.

314

30 Apri

.1739.

to England, in registered Ships, to several Ports in Ireland (which Resolution, the Petitioners apprehend, will highly tend to the general promoting the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom) representing to the House the Reasonableness and Necessity, in order to render the Attainment of this most desirable End more effectual, That the Importation of Wool 'mtoEngland may not be confined to a few Ports on the North Side of this Kingdom, where Very little Wool is made use of; but that the other more considerable trading Ports, on the Southern and Eastern Sides of this Kingdom, may have also the Benefit of the Importation of Wool and Woollen Yarn from in registered Ships, extended to them, and particularly the Port of Exeter; so that the whole Kingdom may become a proper Market for the fame, and especially that City, where it is of such general Use: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir James Mackenzie, of Royfion, to fell Lands and Hereditaments in the Sheriffdom of Edinburgh, for Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances charged upon, and affecting, the fame, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel St. Clair, Captain Halkett, Mr. Fall, Mr. , Mr. Le-

heup, Mr. Treby, Lord Arch. Hamilton, Lord Mr. Longueville, Mr. Forester, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Robert Munro, Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr. Fere, Mr. Carew, Mr. Harley, Mr. Owen, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Hay, Sir Francis Child, Sir John Barnard,

Mr. Packer, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Bung, Mr. Revan,

Mr. Wortley, Mr. Winnington, General Mr.

worth. Sir Abr. Elton, Mr. SMr. Sir

James Naysmith, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Mr. Codring-

ton, Mr. Butler, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Piers, Mr. Abercromby, Lord James Cavendish, Lord Wallingford, Sir Ar. Forbes, Mr. Brodic; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be gra-eiously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House, an Estimate of what may be necessary for the Rebuildings and Repairs of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1739, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commander! him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a Messuage arid Lands in Tivickenham, late the Estate of the Honourable William Totvnjhend Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell the same, pursuant to au Article entered into by the said William Townshend, in his Life-time; and for applying the Money, arising by such Sale, for the Benefit of Charles his only

Sop and Heir, an Infant; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Leheup do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making Divisions, Inclosures, and Allotments of the open Corn Fields and Common Pasture in the Lordship of Bewholm, otherwise Bewham, in the Parish of Nun-keeling, in the County of York; and for settling and establishire the Payment of a yearly Sum to the Impropriators of the Rectory of Nunkeeling aforesaid, and their Heirs, in lieu of Tythes arising within the said Lordship, pursuant to an Agreement between the said Impropria-H 1

tors and the Proprietors of the said Lands; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of St. St. Catherine Catherine Coleman, in Fenchurch-street,in the City of Colemaua.

London, to rebuild the Church of the said Parish, was urc read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Barnard, Sir FrancisChild, Mr. For Ar, Nlv.Gybbon, Sir

Grant, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Bramfon, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Balle, Mr.

Glanville, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Fane, Mr. Wollafon, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Plumer,

Mr. Lindefay, Sir Hen. Northcote, Mr. Hay, Mr Dr. Butler, Mr. Packer, Sir Hen. Gough, Mr. Byng, Mr.

Hedworth, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Stert, Mr.

Fox, Mr. Noel, Mr. Harley, Mr. Plumptre; and all the Members who serve for the City of London and County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the PariffiioDers of the Ealing

Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, to raise Church.

Money, by Rates upon themselves, for finishing the Church of the said Parish, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, to raise Money, by Rates upon themselves, for finishing the Church of the said Parish.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Child do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Way* the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- and Mean?, ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table . Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising a Sura, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds per Annum, for defraying the Charges of his Majesty’s Mints, and the Coinage of Gold and Silver Monies, and other incident Charges of the Mint, the Duties of Ten Shillingsper Tun upon all Wines, Vinegar, Cyder, and Beer, imported into Great Britain, which, by an Act of Parliament, made in the Fourth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, were continued for Seven Years, from the ill Day of March 1730, and until the End of the First Session of Parliament then next ensuing, be further continued for Seven Years, from the ill Day of March 1738, and until the End of the next Session of Parliament then next ensuing.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all the Powers, Privileges, and Advantages, which were granted by an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Coinage, and are now in force, relating to the Mints, anil Coinage of Gold and Silver Money, be further continued for Seven Years, from the iftDay «f March 1738, and until the End of the next Session of Parliament then next ensuing.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Francis Fane, Mr. Arundell,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. the Lord Sundon, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Earle, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Scrope, and Mr.

Edward Waljjole, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the Committee, to ^aw*re* whom the Bill for continuing the Act, made in the Eighth

Year Bread, Jcc.

12 Geo. II. 3* — 40 315

Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen to regulate the Price and Aifize of Bread; and for continuing the Act, made in the second Year of his present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors, is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause, That none but Attornies and Solicitors, qualified according to the Directions of the said Act relating to Attornies and Solicitors, shall practice as such in the County Courts in that Part of Great Britain called England.

Begiftcring Ordered!, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for of Deeds, the publick Registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, ttc- Wills, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may affect, any Honors, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within that Part of Great Britain called Englandwherein put dick Registers are not already appointed by Act of Parliament: And that Mr. Winnington, Mr. Stephen , Mr. Glanville, and

Mr. Henry Fox,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

High Price The House resolved itself into a Committee of the of Coals, whole House, to consider further of the Petition of several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves, and of the Glass-makers, Brewers, Distillers, Sugar-bakers, Soap-boilers, Smiths, Dyers, Brick-makers, Lime-burners, Founders, and Callico-printers, and other Traders and Inhabitants, in and about the Cities of London and , who are

Consumers of large Quantities of Coals, imported from NeuKaJlle, and the Northern Parts of England, into the Port of London.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bramjion took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bramjion reported from the Committee, That they had heard further Evidence lor the Petitioners, upon the said Petition; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 40 die Aprilis;

as great Contributors to the said Turn pike as if they had lived in the main Road through which tire same leads; and that there is a Piece of Way, about a Quarter of a Mile in Length, or thereabouts, leading from Egham Hith, in the said County of to a Place called

Saviour's Ware, in the Parish of , which is paral-

lel to the main Western Road, and by which many Passengers, Carts, and Carriages, must necessarily pass, which bring Provisions to London, and'Other Parts within tire Bills of Mortality; and that the Parishioners of Egham and Thorpe have laid out great Sums of Money towards repairing the said Road; but are incapable to complete the same by their Statute Labour; and that, if the said Road be repaired, it will enable the Inhabitants of Egham, Thorpe, and Chertsey, and other adjacent Parishes, to bring their Commodities to the Markets of Staines, Houiiflow, Brentford, and London, in a much

cheaper manner than they can now do; whereby the Estates of the several Persons living in such Parishes will be much improved, and the said Markets better supplied; and that the Expence of repairing the said Road will not, in the Whole, amount to near so much Money as the Petitioners have, in their common Course of Trade, paid to the Turnpike now subsisting: And therefore praying. That in a Bill, now depending before this House, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Aw, a Clause.may be admitted for repairing the Road from Egham Hith to Saviour's Ware, in the Parish of Thorpe, in the said County of Surrey; or that the Petitioners may be otherwise assisted and relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Co’.;sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Harvey, Sir Chr. Mr.

Wilmington, Mr. Longuevilk, Mr. Speke, Sir Thomas Clarke, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Carew, Sir Abr. Elton, Mr. Toion/hend, Mr. ;Mr. Alderman

mo/t, Mr. Fane, Mr. Boives, Mr. Braffey, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Lindefay, Sir Henn/Gough, Lord Charles Cavendish,

Mr. Olmius, Sir Wm.joliffe,\1 r. Robert Knight, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Turner, Mr.

Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr . BramjSir James , Sir Francis Boynton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Southampton, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Anno i2# Georgii IIdi Regis, *735.

Prayers.

Privilege. 'T'HE House being informed, That Submission had JL been made, and Satislaction given, to the Right Honourable the Lord Harry Pawlett, a Member of this House, in relation to the Breach of Privilege complained of the 28th Day of February last;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

Hovnflow A Petition of the Freeholders and other Inhabitants of toBafingftone the Parishes of Egham, Thorpe, and Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read j setting forth. That by an Act,' passed in the Second Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounjloyo Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called Bafengstone, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windlesham, in the County of Surrey, so much of the main Western Road as lies within the Parish of in the said County of Surrey, hath, together with the rest of the Road comprised within the said Act, been well repaired, and is now become a very commodious Road for all Travellers passing that Way, and that the Petitioners, being Inhabitants of the said Parish of Egham, and the adjoining Parishes (though riot living Upon the said main Road), have, by bringing their Goods to Market, been . Vol. 23. ’

A Motion was made, and the Question beingput, That Laws relat-it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to the for continuing an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the °£c Reign of her late Majesty Queen Ato regulate the Price and Aifize of Bread: and for continuing the Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors; is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause to enable the Magistrate or Magistrates, before whom any Baker shall be convicted of felling Bread under its due Weight, to mitigate the Fine or Penalty, in Cafes where it shall appear to be,owing to Mistake or Accident oply;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Francis Fane presented to the House, according Coinage ’ to Order, a Bill to continue the Outies for Encourage- Duties, ment of the Coinage of Money: And the same yvas received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. , .,

1.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Afcburton the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, eleftinga Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of AJkbnrton, in the County of Detort', in the room of Roger Tuckfield Esquire, deceased.

; The House was moved. That the unrepeal^d Part of Collection of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of County

Queen Rst*’

Wiseman’#

Bequest

towards

rebuilding

Woolwich

Church.

316

4° Apri

A. 1739.

Queen Elizabeth, intituled. How Vagabonds shall be punished, and the Poor relieved; and also the lftSection of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Relief of poor Prisoners, and setting them on Work; might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more easy assessing, collecting, and levying, of County Rates, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision for the Relief of Prisoners, as directed by an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabethi ntituled. How Vagabonds

shall be punished, and the Poor relieved; and also for providing Materials for setting poor Prisoners on Work, as directed by an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Relief of Poor Prisoners, andfetting them on Work j and for repealing so much of the said Laws as relates to the said Aflettments.

Sir Charles Wager, from the Commissioners for exe- R*bu|j^‘DK» cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, c* ,p*‘

presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Estimate for the Rebuildings and Repairs of Ships of War, for the Year 1739.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followsviz.

Navy Office, 13th January 1738.

Am ESTIMATE of the Rebuildings and Repairs of the Ships of War, at his Majesty’s Yards, over and above what are proposed to be done on the Head of Wear and Tear, and are not included in the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1739; prepared in pursuance of Directions from the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, signified by Letter, of the 3d Instant, from Mr. Burchett, their Lordship’s Secretary; viz.

Time when to be

Place where. Gant. Ships Name* Nature of their

Repair. r aken in THand. Completed.

Deptford - - 80 Boyne - - Mar. next -

7° Pr. Frederick m ~ ... June next -

Woolwich - - 9° Duke - - - l Rebuilding April next|

80 Cumberland - In Hand

70 Essex - - - - j " April 1 740

Chatham - - Suffolk - - - June next -

100 Royal Anne J - Junenext Uncertain -

9° Barfeur - - Mid* repair} Rebuilding > - \July next -; Uncertain -

70 Niffau - - - In 1 lane*’:

Sheerness - - 60 Rupert - - Rebuilding} - - - If ('hri/tmas next

Portsmouth - 100 Victory - - To complete ter Furniture and Stores

9° St. George *> - - - ' Christmas next

70 60 Bedford - -Princess Mary > Rebuilding In Hand Uncertain

Plymouth - - 70 Royal Oak ' - - - October 1740

60 Kingston - - j - - - April 1740 -

Total - - £.

ABSTRACT: For the Hulls of the Ships -

For Rigging and Stores - - / -

Charges of their TOTAL.

Hulls. Rigging and Stores.

U797 3>7°4 5>5QI

7*37° - 7*37°

U930 5> 373 7.303

2,686 4,410 7,096

7,000 - 7,000

5>897 - - - 5*897

1,000 - 1,000

9,500 - 9»5°°

5,000 - 5,000

7>392 " - " ,7*39 2

- 8,280 8,280

9,500 — 9,500

3*500 - 3*5°°

2,000 - 2,000

6,300 - - - 6,300

6,300 - 6,300

77»I72 21 767 98*939

77*17a 21,767

Total - - - 98,939

Viz. The Sum of Ninety-eight Thotfand Nine Hundred Thirty-Nine Pounds.

Richard Haddock, Ja. Ackworth, G. Purvis, Ro. Byng, J.' Fowler, Thomas Mathews.

Ordered, That the Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for applying a Sum of Money, giveri by the Will of Daniel Wiseman Esquire, deceased, for ftnkh-ing the new Church at Woolioich, in the County of Kent; and for railing an Annuity, by an Assessment, on the Parish of Woolwich, during the Lives of jtiary Wiseman and Elizabeth Crouch, and the Life of the Survivor of them, pursuant to the said Will; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Glenorchy presented to the House, according Etfinbnrgk to Order, a Bill to enable his Majesty, his Heirs* and Theatre Successors, to grant his or their Letters Patent to any Person or Persons, to act, represent, or perform, or cause to be acted, represented, or performed, any Interlude,

Tragedy, Comedy, Opera, Play, Faroe, or other Enter-tai ament of the Stage, or any Part or Parts therein, within the City or Liberties of EdAnd the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. -Ordered, That the said Bill be read a. Second time upon this Day Fortnight.

Mr. Winnington presented to the House, according to carrying Order, a Bill for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars,1 of SusardireA-the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his h from the Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies to

Colonies j£Sf*

12 Geo. II.

4°- — 5® Aprilis.

3i7

Colonies directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Order of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this Housewill, upon Monday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

\ __________

JoviS) 50;

Anno i2# Georgii Ildi Regis, 1739. Prayers.

AM E S S A<G E from the Lords, by Mr. Saioyer and Mr. Montagu: 0

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Land Tax. for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-nine, without any Amendment. And also,

Townshend’s The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting a Messuage and Lands in Twickenham, late the Estate of the Honourable William Townshend Esquire,deceased, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same, pursuant to an Article entered into by the said William Townshend, in his Lifetime; and for applying the Money, arising by such Sale, for the Benefit of Charles Townshend Esquire, his only Son and Heir, an Infant. And also,

Honraanby The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for loclufure. confirming certain Articles of Agreement between the Lord of the Manor of and the Vicar and

Freeholders of Hunmanby, in the County of York, for inclosing Part of the Moor in Hunmanby aforesaid: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

Brookfbank’a The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Estate. veiling the settled Estate of Stamp Esquire, in

the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge, in him and his Heirs; and for settling the Manor of and divers

Lands and Hereditaments in Helaugh, in the County of the City of York, of greater Value, in lieu thereof: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Lord An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hamilton’* for vesting in Archibald Hamilton Esquire, commonly Eta*, called Lord Archibald Hamilton, and his. Heirs, the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Berks, therein mentioned, in Trust, to convey the same to Sir William Irby Baronet, and his Heirs; and for laying out the Purchase-money in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses, and upon the Trulls, therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Winnington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Bath General Wade presented to the House, according to Roads. Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted

and given by Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other made in the Seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing, amending, and enlarging, the Highways between the Top of King's Doien HitI and the City of Bath: and also several Highways leading to and from the said City; and for cleansing, paving, and lightening, the Streets, and regulating the Vol. 23.

Chairmen there; and also for Repairing several Highways leading from the Top of Old Down, alias Odd Down, to Dunkerton Bridge; from the Top of Claverton Down, alias Clarion Down, to New Bridge, over Camber Brook; and from Avon Bridge to the Globe Inn, in the Parish of Newton Saint Loe; and for regulating a nightly Watch within the said City of Bath, and Liberties thereof: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Merchants, and Tradesmen, Land-owners, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Towns of Manchester and Salford, and Parts adjacent, in the County Palatine of Lancaster', and also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are subscribed, being Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Merchants, and Tradesmen, Land-owners, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of Rochdale and A/heton under Line, and Parts adjacent, in the County Palatine of Lancaster;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That it appears, by the Votes of this House, that a Bill is now depending for ere£lipg a publick County Bridge over the River in

the said County Palatine of Lancaster, between the Townships of Prefon and Pemoortham, at or near

the old Ford; and for railing Money upon the said County Palatine, fordefraying the Expence thereof; and for repairing the same when built: That the Hundred of Salford beingchargeable by the present Laws with the entire Maintenance and Repairs of many large Bridges within the said Hundred, the Petitioners have, for many Years last pall, been at a very great annual Expence in rebuilding Part, and repairing other Part, of such Bridges; and, by reason of the frequent and violent Floods which happen in that Part of the Country, mull continue to raise large Sums of Money yearly, for the Maintenance and Repairs thereof: And that the Petitioners have also been, of late Years, charged with several large Sums of Money, towards the Repairs of the County Bridges; and particularly towards the Repairs of a certain Bridge over the said River Ribble, commonly called Ribble Bridge; together with a raised Way or Cop, called Walton Cop, adjoining to the said Bridge; which Bridge and Cop arelituate about Half a Mile from the said Town of Prefon, and within the Distance of One Mile from the Place where the intended Bridge is proposed to be erected, or thereabouts: And that the Rates and Assessments for maintaining and repairing such Bridges, as the Petitioners, by the present Laws, are subject to, in respect of their Estates within the said Hundred of Salford, are become'very burthensome: And that the said Bridge, called Ribble Bridge, lies in the direct Poll Road, leading from the Northern Parts of England, and the Western Parts of-Sco/Iand, through the said County of iMncafer, to the City of And that the said Intended Bridge is proposed only for the Conveniency of such Travellers who have Occasion to pass and repass to and from the said Town of Prefon, and the Town of Liverpool and Orrnjkirk, and Places adjacent, in the said County of IMncafer: And that, although the same may be

of some Use and Service to the said Town of Preston, and the County lying betwixt that Town, and the said Towns of Liverpoole and; yet,

nevertheless, the Petitioners conceive, that it will be-of very little, if of any. Service or Advantage to the Trade of that, or any Part of the said County of Lancaster, or to the Inhabitants thereof, save as aforesaid: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may have Leave to be heard, by their Coun* fel, against the said Bill; and have such Relief therein as the House shall think fit.

4 M And

Ribbltf

Bridget

Ditto*

High Price of Coals.

Ditto.

Brook (bank’s Estate.

Coinage

Duties.

Carrying Sugar directly from the Colonies to foreign Parts.

18

5° Aprilis. . A. 1735.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Bibble, from the Township of to the

Township of Penioorlham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, be read a Second time.

And the Petitioners were severally ordered to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, if they think fit.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunder written, in behalf of themselves, and others the Land-holders and Inhabitants of the County of Durham-, and also,

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunder written, in behalf of themselves, and others the Land-holders and Inhabitants of the County of thumberland.;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; fctting forth. That many of the Petitioners arepossessed of considerable Collieries in the said Counties, from which the Publick might be well supplied with Coals, if the Petitioners could procure Passages, or Way-leaves, from their respective Collieries, to the Staiths or Wharfs, and Room on the Staiths to lay their Coals, in order to ship the fame; and that the Want of such necessary Passages and Way-leaves renders it utterly impracticable for the Petitioners to work their respective Collieries, to the great and immediate Detriment of the Owners thereof, and to the manifest Prejudice of the rest of the Petitioners, as well as the Publick in general; and that this Grievance arises principally, as the Petitioners apprehend, from extraordinary Methods to prevent them from having such necessary Way-leaves and Staiths made use of, by the Proprietors of some other Collieries and Staiths, who are endeavouring toengrofs the Coal Trade, and thereby raise an unreasonable Profit to themselves, by the Opprefiion ^f the Petitioners, and the rest of their Fellow Subjects: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves, and of the Glass-makers, Brewers, Distillers, Sugar-bakers, Soap-boilers, Smiths, Dyers, Brick-makers, Lime-burners, Founders, and Cal-lico-printers, and other Traders and Inhabitants, in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, who are C011-

fumers of large Quantities of Coals, imported from

Newcastle, and the Northern Parts of ,into the

Port of London.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Stamp Ef-

quire, in the Counties of Suffolk and , in him

and his Heirs; and for settling the Manor of and divers Lands and Hereditaments in in the County of the City of York, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, A ffistants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchant Adventurers of the City of Bristol,under their common Seal, was presented tQ

the House, and read; reciting the Prayer of the Petition presentedto the House the 14th Day of March 1 aft,'of. the Merchants and Planters, and others, trading to, and interested in, his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in; and

representing to the House, That, should a Law pass, giving Liberty to the Planters and others interested in the British Sugar Colonies in America, to carry their Sugars and other Product to foreignMarkets, without landing the same in Great Britain,it would be of theutmost ill Consequence to the Petitioners, and others his Majesty’s trading Subjects in Great Britain, and a "reatDeftruftion of Trade and Navigation: And therefore praying the House, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves and Counsel, against the Bill for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s SugarColonies in America, from the said Colonies directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time: And that the Petitioners, if tlfcy think lit, be then heard by. their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That. Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

The House was moved, That the 26th Section of an Law.

Act, made in the Eirft Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act concerning Tanners, Leather. Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers, occupying the Cutting of Leather, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee

to whom the Bill to obviate certain Doubts which have, arisen upon the Cotiftruftion of the Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled.

An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather is committed. That they have Power ta receive a Clause, or Claul’es, to render more effectual the Clause in the said Act, of the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, which obliges Curriers to curry Leather for the several Artificers working up the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Laws re-to whom the Bill for continuing the Act, made in the latingto the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread; and for rea ' c* continuing the Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors; is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause, That the not indoriing the Attorney’s or Solicitor’s Name on the Warrant from the Sheriff or other Officer, on any Writ, so as the Attorney’s or Solicitor’s Name be indorsed on the Writ, flia.Il not invalidate such Writ, or the Proceedings thereon; and for obliging the Sheriff or Officer, who shall grant a.

Warrant, to indorse the Name of the Attorney or Solicitor on such Warrant.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, That Attornies and Solicitors may make use of such Abbreviations in their Bills of Fees and Disbursements, as are allowed to be used in Proceedings of Courts of Justice, by an Act of the Sixth Year of his present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for the more effectual preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and for the more ealy Recovery of Debts and Damages in the Courts of Great Sessions in the Principality of Wales, and in the Court of Assize in the County Palatine of Chester; and for the obviating a Doubt which has arisen upon an Act, made in the Fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act that all Proceedings in Courts of Justice, within that Part of Great Britain called England, and in the Courts of Exchequer in Scotland, shall be in the English Language,

so

3r9

i z Geo.-II. 50 — 6° Aprilis.

so far as the same Act doth or may relate to the Courts of Justice holden within the said Principality; and for explaining and amending the said Act.

The House was moved. That the 23d Section of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, That the said Act for the better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors, shall not extend to Bills of Fees of Disbursements, due from one Attorney or Solicitor to another Attorney or Solicitor; or to the Remedies or Methods for fuingfor, or recovering, such Bills.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to enable any Attorney or Solicitor, at any time after the Delivery of his Bill, according to the said Act, for the better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors, upon special Cause shewn by Affidavit, and to be allowed of by the Court, or a Judge thereof, of t he Likelihood of losing his Debt by the Inability of the Party, or his absconding or feereting his ' Eflefts, or of his Intention so to do, to maintain any

1 Suit or Action, for Recovery of what shall be due on

such Bill; and to hold to Bail, and proceed therein, as lie might have done before the said Act;

It passed in the Negative.

The House was moved, That the 13th and 20th Section of the said Act, for the better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors, might be read:

1 And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, that the senior Clerk of the petty Bag may take a Fee, to be limited, for administering the Oath to every Solicitor, on his Admission in the Court of Chancery, notwithstanding his having been before admitted an Attorney in auy Court at Law;

It palfed in the Negative.

High Price Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to u Coals, rejfolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and of the Glass-makers, Brewers, Distillers, Sugar-bakers, Soap boilers, Smiths, Dyers, Brick-makers, Lime-burners, Founders, and Callico-Printers, and other Traders and Inhabitants, in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, who are Consumers of large

Quantities of Coals imported from and the

Northern Parts of England,into the Port of be

now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

- Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bramston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, That they had heard further Evidence for the Petitioners, upon the said Petition: And that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

VOL.23,

Vienerisy 6* di Aprilis;

Anno 12* Georgii IP* Regis, 1739.

Praters.

MR. Packer reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Fvfield, in the County of Berks, to John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester; and for repairing the Road from a House called the Sign of the Swan, to an Inn called the Hind's Head, in the Parish of Kingston Bagpuxe, in the said County of Berks', was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Beaumaris, in the County of Angle-fey, in the room of the Right honourable Richard Lord Viscount Bulkeley,in the Kingdom deceased.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming certain Articles of Agreement between the Lord of the Manor of Hunmanhy, and the Vicar and Freeholders of Hunmanby, in the County of York, forin-

closing Part of the Moor in Hunmanby aforesaid, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Tyrconnel reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for repairing the Road between Stamford and Grantham, in the County of , was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him. to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Re-, port was read; and several of the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Mr. Hay reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for explaining an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for Relief of insolvent Debtors; and for amending the same Act, and so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, as extends the Benefit of the said Act for Relief of insolvent Debtors to Creditors, whose Debtors were committed to Prison since the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty, and were detained there upon the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-six, and had chose to continue there; with respect only to such Debtors as, by virtue of the said Acts, or either of them, have been compelled to deliver up their Estates and Effects to their Creditors; was committed; That the Committee had considered the Petition, to them referred, of Robert Marlin, Thomas Giandfeld, and Richard Chandler, Creditors and Assignees


Fy field. &c. Roads*

Beaumaris

Writ.

Hunmanby

liiciofui*.

Grantham

Road.

Relief of insolvent Debtors.

3zo 6° Aprilis. . 1739*

of the Estate and Effects of Thomas Esquire,

under an Act of Parliament, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, on behalf of themselves, and other the Creditors of the said Thomas Kerridge; and had heard the Petitioners, by their Couufel; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Re-. port in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

Piracy; Law* The Lord Baltimore preTented to the House, accord, respecting ing to Order, a Bill to explain and amend so much of

Navy Of- an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late

Good's7" Majesty I^ing George the First, made perpetual by fcc. another Act, passed in the Second Year of his present Majesty, for the more effectual suppressing of Piracy, as . relates to the preventing Officers of his Majesty’s Ships of War from carrying Goods and Merchandizes on Freights, or trading the rewith; and for making the said Act more effectual; and for indemnifying such Persons as may have offended against the said Act; and for preventing Seamen deserting Merchant Ships on the Coasts of Africa, or entering into any other private Service there; and to prevent their conveying away any Boat, Canoe, or Craft, belonging to any Merchant Shins trading to and on the said Coaff: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Importation Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for of printed prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, Books, &c. t|iat were first composed or written and printed in Great Britain; and for limiting the Prices of Books: And that Mr. Winnington, Mr. Walpole, and Mr. Henry do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Drawback A Bill for drawing back the Duties payable on Soap, onSoap &c. Allies, Starch, and blue Azure, or Smalts, which shall be employed, spent, and consumed, in the bleaching and whitening of new Linen Cloth, or Linen and Cotton Cloth, in the Piece, Linen Yarn and Linen Thread made of Lint or Flax, which shall be whitened at the publick Bleaching Fields that now are, and have been, or which shall hereafter be, erected and filled up, upon Contrafts with the Commissioners and Trustees appointed by his Majesty’s Letters Patent, for improving Fisheries and Manufactures in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and also for the more effectual preventing the Use of Lime, Pigeons Dung, and Soap Dregs, in the Whitening and Bleaching of Linen Cloth, Linen and Cotton Cloth, Linen Yarn, and Linen Thread, in that Part of Great Britain called Sco; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Commercial A Petition of several Merchants, whose Names are P'<£ute.!‘ thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many Wl ^a,n* others, trading to and from the Island of and Parts

adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth. That the Petitioners were great Sufferers in the Year 1718, by the Spaniards seizing their Ships and Effefts, to a very great Value: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Considera-

tion; and recommend to his Majesty, that some Relief may be given them, in such manner as to the House shall seem moll meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do Rum. Sugar, lay before this House, an Account of what Quantity of &c-imported Rum, or Spirits, Melasses, Syrups, Sugar, or Paneds, an<,e*Ported> have been imported into any of his Majesty’s Northern Colonies in America, from any of the British Sugar Itlands, from Christmas 1733 to Chr 1737; distinguishing each Year, and each Colony and Island.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of raw and clayed Sugars imported into, and exported from, England, from Christmas 1708 to Christmas 1738; distinguishtng each Year, the Quantity imported into each Colony, and the Places exported to.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of refined Sugar exported from England, from Christmas 1708 to Christmas 1738; distinguishing each Year, and to what Places exported.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Bramptoa an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his ^r{ late Majesty King George the First, for amending the Highways leading from Brampton Bridge to Bridge, in the County of Northampt; and also the great Poll Road from Morterpit Hill, in the said County, through Brixtvorth, Lamport, -

marsh, and Oxenden Magna, to Chain Bridge, leading into Market IJarborough, in the County of was

read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edmund Jsham, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Compton, Mr. , Mr.

Archer, Mr. Scazven, Mr. More, Mr. White, Mr. Hooper,

Mr. Pollen, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Eyles, Mr. Plumer, Mr.

Neale, Mr. Winningloti, Mr. Hampden, Mr.

Mr. Ofbaldefion, Mr. Penlon, Mr. Wtimer, Mr. Evans,

Mr. Crewe, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Me Mr. Ned-ham, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Lord Sir

Nathanael Curzon, Lord Gallway, Sir Rowland Alston, Sir Hen. Hoghton, Mr. Shuttleioorth, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr.

Fenwick, Dr. Cotes, Mr. Carew, Mr. Herbert, Mr.

Bramflon, Mr. Harley, Dr. Butler, Captain Cornewall,

Sir John Morgan, Mr. Mackworth Praed, Sir Cha rls Mordaunt, Mr. Yorke; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Nottingham, Leicester,

Wanoick, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs, and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Worth's

felling and disposing of Part of the Estate of Worth Estate.

Esquire, a Lunatick, for discharging the Debts, Portions, and Incumbrances, charged upon and affecting the fame: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the House, made the 30th River Day of March last, for the Second Reading upon Monday Navigation; next of the Bill for ascertaining, preserving, and improving, the Navigation of the River Lea from the Town of Hertford to the Town of Ware, in the County of Hertford-, and for preserving and improving the said River from the said Town of Ware to the City of Iwndon; and for enabling the Governor and Company of the New River the better to supply the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, with good and wholesome Water; be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

The

Coinage

Duties.

High Price of Coals.

Dunchurch

Roads.

Worth *» £ihue.

Shem in's Marriage Settlement.

12 Geo. II.

6® — 9" j/iprili$.

321

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves, and of the Glass-makers, Brewers, Distillers, Sugar-bakers, Soap-boilers, Smiths, Dyers, Brick-makers, Lime-burners, Founders, and Callico-printers, and other Traders and Inhabitants, in and about the Cities of London and who are Consumers of large Quantities of Coals, imported from Neiocajile, and the Northern Parts of,

into the Port of London.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bramston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, That the Counsel for the said Petitioners having gone through their Examination, summed up their Evidence; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petition, and of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

i '

Sir CharlesMordaunt presented to the House, accord-

ing toOrder, a Bill for repairing so much of the great and main Road from Chester to the City of Iandon, as leads through Dunfmore Heath to the Town of Hill,

in the County of Warwick, and from thence through the several Parishes of Creek, West Haddon, and East Haddon, in the County of Northampton, to St. James’s End, in the Parish of Dufton, in the said County: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Sir Charles have Leave to

make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock;

Aud he moved the House accordingly;

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Carerv have Leave to make a

Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling and disposing of Part of the Estate of John Worth Esquire, a Lunatick; and for discharging the Debts, Portions, and Incumbrances, charged upon, and affecting the fame; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunee> 90 die Apr ills;

Anno 12® Georgii IIdi Regis, 1739. Prayers.

Mil. Plumptrereported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging the Estate of John Sherwin Esquire, in the County of , from the Uses,

Vol. 23.

Trusts, and Covenants, in his Marriage Settlement; and for settling an Estate in the County of Nottingham and Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Chamberlayne reported from the Committee, to Brewer* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Name‘ Act to enable Rijley Brewer, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Rijley, pursuant to the Will of Paul Rijley Esquire, deceased, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without anyAmend-ment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Petition of the Serge-makers, Clothiers, and other Importation the principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Iioniton, in and Exporta-the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and tl0Dwf Wool, read; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture in the said Town and Borough, and the Places adjacent; and setting forth, That the Occasion of this ' Calamity is, the Difficulty the Petitioners are under in getting their Commodities at the cheapest Rates, by reason the Importation of Irish Wool is forbidden in all our Southern Ports and Harbours; and by reason great Quantities of the Wool grown in this Kingdom are daily exported for France, and other fo/eign Parts: And therefore praying. That the House will be pleased to take this their deplorable same into Consideration; and that the Duties laid on Irish Wool may be taken off; and that the Subjects of this Kingdom may be allowed to import Irish Wool in the Southern Ports and Harbours; and that the Exportation of the British and Irish Wool into foreign Parts may be entirely prevented; and that the House will be pleased to act further in the Premises as to the House thall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House, according to Order, resumed the ad- Stamford and journed Consideration of the Report from the Committee, Orantbam to whom the Bill for repairing the Road between Siam- Ro*d* ford and Grantham, in the County of Lincoln was committed.

And the rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were,- upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to exempt Persons from paying Toll more than once tin; same Day, at one Part of the Year, for passing through any Turnpikes erected, or to be erected, between Horne Lane and Little Ponton:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up; and then the Clause was, upoji the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to incapacitate Persons from a6iing as Trustees for the

Purposes of the Bill, who are not possessed, for Life, or some greater Estate, of Lands of a certain annual Val ue, therein to be mentioned:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; ,

which were filled up: And the Clause was amended.

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

4 N Ordered,

3 22 9° — io*

Kibble Ordered, That the Order of the House, made the 27th Bridge. Day of March last, for the Second Reading, Tomorrow, of the Bill for building a Bridge cross the River llibble, from the Township of to the Township of

Penworlham, in the County Palatine of be

discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time Upon Wednesday Morning next.

Spifilegate Ordered, That the Order of the House, made the 2d Hill Roads. Day of this i 11st ant April, for the Second Reading, Tomorrow, of the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from SpittUgate Hill, near Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to in the County of Nottingham, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Sevennight.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

Kell’s The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act to Name, enable John Bell Esquire, and his Irtue, to take and use the Surname of Lane, and the Arms of James Lord Viscount Lanesborough, deceased, pursuant to his Will: To which the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Coinage Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Duties, the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the Hpufe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrorted.

Lincoln An ingrorted Bill for repairing the Roads from the Roads. North-West Parts of the County of Lincoln, through Net flam Fields, Wraghy Lane, and Baumber Fields, to the Wolds, or North-East Part of the said Counly, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 1. L. 3. After the Word. "Lincoln," to insert' " through Nettlam Fields, Lane, and Baumber

" Fields

Press iq. L. i.- After the Word " the," to insert " Division of theand, in the same Line, after the Word " County," to insert " of Lincoln

Pr. 16. L. 36. After the Word " of," to insert any " of the Divisions in

Pr. 17. L. 16, 17. After the Word "for," to insert " the Division of Lindefay in;" and, after " County," to insert " of Lincoln," and leave out the Words "where " the Cause of Complaint shall arise

L. 40. After the Word " for," to insert " the " Division of Lindefay in

L. 41. To leave out the Words " where the " Matter shall hnvearifen :"

Pr. 19. L. 1. After the Word " for," to insert* the " said Division of Lindefay in :"

L. 3. After the Word " said," to insert *Di-. " vision of Lindefay in the said

L. 17. After the Word said," to insert " Division of Lindefay, in the said

L. 35. After the Word "said," to insert " Division of Lindefay, in the said

And the same were, upon tire Question severally put

Aprilis. 1739.

thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Roads from the North-West Parts of the County of Lincoln, through Nettlam Fields, IVragby Lane, and Baumber Fields, to the Wolds, or North-Eall Part of the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bevan reported from the Committee, to whom Laws re-the Bill for continuing an Act, made in the Eighth Year kting«othe of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen to regulate ,°&c, the Price and Assize of Bread; and for continuing the Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty, for the better regulation of Attornies and Solicitors; was committed. That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon' the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Wayi resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to an<* Mea"‘ consider further of Ways and Means for railing iheSup-ply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into aCommittee of the whole Supply. House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 1 o* die Aprilis;

Anno 12® Georgii IP1 Regis, 1739.

Praters.

AN ingrorted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sherwin’* for discharging the Estate of Esquire, Marriage

in the County of Hertford, from the Uses, Trusts, and Seulelue,rt' Covenants, in his Marriage Settlement; and for settling an Estate in the County of Nottingham, and Town and County of the Towm of Nottingham, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses; was read the-Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumptredo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An

WifemasTs Bequtft towards rebuilding Woolwich Church.

Fy field. Mlc. Roads.

ferewer's

Name,

Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

Bath

Roads.

12 Geo. 71.

xo° Aprilis.

An ingrossed Bill for applying a Sum of Money, given by the Will of Daniel Wiseman Esquire, deceased, for finishing the new Church at Woolwich, in the County of Kent and for railing an Annuity, by an Assessment on. the Parish of Woolwich, during the Lives of Mary Wiseman and Elizabeth Crouchand the Life of the Survivor of them, pursuanl to the said Will; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for apptying a Sum of Money, given by the Will of Daniel Wiseman Esquire, deceased, for finishing the new Church at Woolwich, in the County of Kent; and for raising an Annuity, by an Assessment on the Parish of Woolzcich,during the Lives of Mary Wiseman

and Elizabeth Crouch, and the Life of the Survivor of them, pursuant to the said Will.

Ordered, That Mr. Byng do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Fyfield, in the County of Berks, to St. John's

Bridge, in the County of Gloucester; and for repairing the Roads from a Houfp, called the Sign of the to

an Inn, called the Hind's Head, in the Parish of Kingston Bagpuze, in the said County of was read the

Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Fyfield, in the County of Berks, to John’s.

in the County of Glouccfier; and for repairing the Roads from an Inn called the Hind’s Head, in the Parish of KingjlonBagpuze, in the said County of Berks,

to that Part of New Bridge which lies in the said County of Bei'ks.

Ordered, That Mr. Packer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Rijley Brewer, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Rijley, pursuant to the Will of Paul Rijley Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Chamberlayne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint th^m. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill, for explaining an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for Relief of insolvent Debtors; and for amending the same A#, and so much.of an Act, passed in the: Jail Session of Parliament, as extends the Benefit of the said Act for Relief of insolvent Debtors, to Creditors, whose Debtors were committed to Prison since the ill Day of January 1730, and were detained there upon the ift Day of January 1736, and had chofc to continue there, with respect only to such Debtors as, by virtue of! the said Acts, or either of them, have been compelled to deliver up their Estates and Effects to their Creditors; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for Relief of insolvent Debtors; and so much of an Act, passed in the laflSession of Parliament, as extends the Benefit of the said Act for Relief of insolvent Debtors, to Creditors, whose Debtors were corn-knitted to Prison since the ift Day of January 1730, and were detained there upon the ift Day 173 6,

and had chose to continue there.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted Vol. 23.

323

and given by Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other made in the Seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing, amending, and enlarging, the Highways between the Top of King's-dtnvn-Hill and the City of Bath, and also several Highways leading to and from the said City; and for cleans* ing, paving, and lightening, the Streets, and regulating the Chairmen there; and also for repairing several Highways leading from the Top of alias

Odd Doum, to Dunkerton Bridge, from the Top of verton Dozen, alias Clarton Down, to New Bridge, over Camber Brook; and from Avon Bridge to the Globe Inn, in the Parish of Newton Saint Loe; and for regulating a nightly Watch within the said City of Bath, and Liberties thereof; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Wade, Mr. Carezo, Mr. Codrington, Sir Charles -daunt, Mr. Speke, Mr. Fane, Mr. Vere, Mr. Glanville,

Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Brereton, Sir Edmund Mr. Balle, Sir Wm. Courtenay, Lord , Mr.

Peirs, Mr. Alderman Parfims, Sir Hen. Gough, Mr.

Laroche, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir James Grant, Mr.

Yorke, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Neale,

Mr. Compton, Dr. Butler, Mr. PSir Cope, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Fox, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Plumptre,r Sir John Heathcolc, Sir Chr. Pozvell, Mr. Mr.

Packer, Captain Townfiiend, Sir Robert Clifton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gbucester, Wills, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’*

Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nunkeeling, for making Divisions, Inclosures, and Allotments, of the * open Corn Fields, and Common Palture, in the Lordship lnc ofure* of Bewholm, otherwi teBezcham,in the Parish of Nun-keeling, in the County of York; and for settling and establishing the Payment of a yearly Sum to the Impro-. priators of the Rectory of Nunkeeling aforesaid, and their-Heirs, in lieu of Tythes arising within the fairs Lordship, pursuant to an Agreement between the said Impropriators and the Proprietors of the said Lands; was read a Second time.'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Boynton, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Mr.

Brerelon, Colonel Ingram, Colonel Howard, Mr. Hay,

Mr Ccrnzvallis, Sir Hen. Liddell, Mr. Hedworth, Mr.

Herbert, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Corbett, Mr Lord

Glenorchy, Mr. Vere, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Sir Lowlher, Mr. Plumer, Sir Thomas Clark, Mr. Pitt, Mr.

Dennis, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Owen, Air.

Gybbon, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Dr. Lee, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir NathanaelCurzon, Mr. Cartzoright, Sir

James Grant, M r. Polhill, Sir John Cope, Mr. Kent, Air.

Plumptre, Mr. Fox, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Selwyn, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Filz Roy, Sir Clayton, Sir John Barnard; and all the AIembers who serve for the "

Counties of York, Nottingham, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hunraanby for confirming certain Articles of Agreement between Inclosure, the Lord of the Manor of Hunmanby, wad the Vicar and

Freeholders of Hunmanby, in the County of York, for inclosing Part of the Aloor in Hunmanby aforesaid, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Thompson of York, Sir Francis Boynton, Sir Jof. Pennington,

Air. Brerelon, Colonel Ingram, Colonel Howard, Mr.

Hay, Colonel Cornwallis, Sir Hen. Liddell, Mr. Hed-1vorth, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Glanville, Lord Glenorchy, Mr Jewkes, Air Fox, Mr. Vere, Mr.

Air. Holden, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Bance, Mr. Carezo, A/r.

LindeJ'ay, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Sir Roger Bradjhaigh,

Sir Nathanael Curzon, So; James Grant, Mr. Air.

Hales;and all the Members who fmefor the Counties

of

324 I0tt Aprilis. . 1739.

of York, Nottingham, and And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Brookfbank’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act tiwtc. forvefting the settled Estate of Stamp Esquire,

in the Counties of Suffolk and in him and his

Heirs; and for settling the Manor of and

divers Lands and Hereditaments in Helaugh, in the County of the City of York, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; was read a Second time.

Resolved', That the Bill be committed to Mr. Laroche, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Lord Sidney Beauclerk,

Mr. Hacks, Sir James Grant, Mr. Admiral Cave ndish, Mr. Knight, Mr. Colonel Howard,

Mr. Thompson, Mr. Falle, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Byng, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Mr.

Stanhope, General Wade, Mr. Comewall, Mr. tvorth, Mr. Maijter, Mr. Sir Francis Child, Mr.

Harley, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Mr. Hay, Mr. Tre/ujis, LordGlenorchy, Mr. Mackicorth Praed, Mr. Neale, Dr. Cotes, Mr. Digby, Sir Francis Boynton, Sir 3of. Pennington, Mr. Compton, Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Holden, Mr. White, Mr. Bance, Mr.

Undejay, Sir Roger Bradjhaigh, Mr Mr. Byng,

Colonel Onslow, General Wade, Sir Wm.;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Nottingham, Lincoln, and: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Worth'* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act kilate. for felling and disposing of Part of the Estate of

Worth Esquire, a I.iinatick; and for discharging the Debts, Poitions, and Incumbrances, charged upon, and affecting, the fame; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carew, Mr. Pitt, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Compton, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Papilton, Mr. Pollen, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Sir CordellFirebrace, Colonel Ingram, M r. Thompson, M r. Hampden, Mr. Coplefion, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Fox, Mr. Holden, Mr. White, Mr Mr.

Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir James Grant, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Hay, Sir Francis Boynton, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Carlwrig/it, Mr. Kent, Mr. Polhill, Sir John Cope, Mr. Codrington, Sir Wm. , Mr. Bramston, Sir Wm. Courtenay, Sir Northcote, Sir John

teorlhjMr. Lloyd, General Wade, Mr. Harley, Mr. Speke, Mr. Fane, Mr. Earle, Mr. Popham, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Cornexvall, Mr. FitzRoy, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Byng, Mr. Mr. Bathurst;

and all the Members who serve for the Cou nt ies of Devon, Cornwall, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Edinburgh A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magi ft rates. Council, Theatre. and Community, of the City of Edinburgh, was presented

to the House, and read; letting forth, That if the Bill, now depending in this House, to enable his Majesty, his Heirs, and Succefl’ors, to grant his or their Letters Patent to any Person or Persons, to act, reprefeut, or perform, or cause to be acted, represented, or performed,

’ any Interlude, Tragedy, Comedy, Opera, Play, Farce, or other Entertainment of the Stage, or any Part or Parts therein, within the City or Liberties of Edinburgh, shall pass intoa I.aw, manyInconvenienciesand Mischiefswill arise to that City, by establishing a Playhouse therein; and particularly, that the same will occasion an Expence, 1‘uch astheftnail Extent of the Wealth and Trade of that City cannot well all’ord to bear; and that the Manners of the Youth will be in great Danger of being corrupted, of whom there are great Numbers residing in that City, as being the Seat of an University, and a Place chiefly frequented for all Parts of the Education of Children of both Sexes, besides the considerable Number of Apprentices in it; and as the Parliament has already prohibited, under severe Penalties, the performing, for Gain, any Entertainment of the Stage within Five Miles of the City,

of Oxford, and Town of Cambridge; and, last of all, has prohibited the same to be acted in any Part of Great Britain, except in the City of Wcflmhijler, and in fuel*

Places where his Majesty his Heirs, and Succell'ors, shall in their Royal Persons reside, for the Time, without excepting the City of London itself; submitting to this House, if it will not be unreasonable to make an Exception of the City of Edinburgh from the general Prohibition established by the Law now in force; it being considered. That that City is entitled to the Benefit of that Law, for the same Reasons that induced the Parliament to grant a particular Privilege to the Universitiesof Oxford, and Cambridge; and that the Reasons for not excepting even the City of London from the general Prohibition stand good, and with greater Force, against making a particular Exception of the City of Edinburgh; which, as a Place of Trade and Business, is vastly inferior in Wealth and Number of Inhabitants to London, and, as the Seat of an University and a Place of Education, is in the like Circumstances with the City oiOxford and Town of Cambridge: And therefore praying the Floufe, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Principal and Professors of the Uni- Edinburgh verfity of Edinburgh was presented to the House, and Tneuti«. read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed.

That the said Bill is depending in this House, and that, they reckon themselves bound, as having the Inllruftion of Youth in the liberal Arts and Sciences, and their Im-. provement in Religion and Virtue particularly committed to their Care, to represent to this House, that whatever may be said of the Innocence and Usefulness of Theatrical Representations when the Pieces represented are perfectly cliafte and moral, and the Representation is performed in a decent Manner; the Petitioners cannot but be apprehensive, that the Reverse of this may be expected, from a general Allowance to act any Interlude, Comedy, Farce, or other Entertainment of the Stage, while there arefo many loose anddifiblute Pieces of that Sort in the English Language, and the Choice is left to such as, either from their own Taste, or in Compliance with the vicious Relish of the Multitude, are likely to choose such Performances as have the most direct Tendency to corrupt the Morals of the Audience, especially those of the younger Sort; and that the Petitioners are greatly confirmed in this Apprehension, from the Observation they have made of the pernicious Eflefts the Stage has ever had in that Place where the Performances have been frequent, and the Access to them near; and that, instead of being a virtuous or improving Entertainment, it has been a plentiful Source of Idleness and Debauchery, efpeeially among the Youth; insomuch that many Gentlemen of that Place, who, from an Opinion founded upon general Theory, and the Observation of antieut Times of Greece, were at first Favourers of a Stage there, have, from seeing the bad Efleft it has had, come to be quite of another Mind; and that the unhappy Influence of Playhouses, in such Places as are Seats of Universities, has been made appear, to the Satisfaction of the Legislature; for which Reason t hey have been lately discharged by Act of Parliament in or near Oxford and Cambridge: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Dean of Guild of and his Edinburgh

Council, and the other MerchantsandTraderswithin the Theatre, said City, and Liberties thereof, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners, justly alarmed with an Order of this House for bringing in the said Bill, and, being fenfibleof the bad Confer quences that mnft unavoidably follow in case this Bill Should pass into a Law, thought it their indispensable Duty to lay before the House their well-grounded Fears and Apprehensions; and that Theatrical Entertainments

uever

12 Geo. H. . its'jiprilis.< 3^5

never met with the smallest Encouragement in that' Kingdom; on the contrary, were much decried by the sober and virtuous Part of the Nation, who were sensible of the pernicious Effects that such Diverfioes have upon t)ie Morals of Youth; so that the authorizing these Entertainments by a publick Law* tmili evidently.create. great Dittorbance and Uneasiness in the Minds of his Majesty’s Subjects, who have the real Good and Interest of their Country at heart; and that, besides the Expence that mull necessarily attend the maintaining of a Play-boufr, which that Country is not well able to support, daily Experience ihews, that this is but the Ieaft Evil.to1 be dreaded, since a Playhouse is the School where Habits-of Idleness are very soon contracted. Luxury and Profu-fion taught and inililled into the Youth, and a total Net gleet of their necessary and lawful Vocations; and that, as there is not a great many ih that Cotontry Or: City, whose Fortune or Rank entitle them to be Partakers, of such costly Diverlions, so it would be hard to put the Pleafing of a Few in Competition with the Ruining of Numbers of youngPeople, who might otherwise beufeful in their several Vocations; and that the Petitioners have had, of late Years, sufficient Evidence and Experience of the pernicious Influence even the Shadow of a Play-f househad in that City; that the Apprentices and Servants were universally debauched from any Attention upon their Matters Business, or their own improvement, and Numbers of them were driven into the worst of Courtesy and that, as the Petitioners were feuibnably relieved, by the late Act of Parliament, so Trade began somewhat to revive, and the necessary Confidence that mutt subsist be* twixt Matter and Apprentice again- took place; that the Petitioners are extremely apprehensive, that, should a Playhouse, which has only been connived at hitherto iu Edinburgh, be established, by publick Authority, in place oflnduftry and Frugality, Idlenef and Prodigality mutt take place; and therefore eXprefiing the Hopes of the Petitioners, That tli6 House will never put the Welfare of Trade and Commerce in the Seale with a Diversion not at all fuitabie to the Inclinations or Estates of the frugal and industrious Part of the Nation t And therefore praying the House to take the above Circumstances under Consideration, and not to load a Cily with the Expence of a Diversion, which tends to the Ruin and Deftmftion of Trade, and the corrupting of the Mauners and Morals of Youth.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Mettage from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr.

Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

F.arl of The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An A6fc for

Chcturlield’s discharging. several Lands in io the County of

Luiue, Leieefer,)>u reha fed by the Executors of Philip Earl of Chef erfield, doceased, for the Uses and Limitations contained in the Will of the said Earl; and for vetting the same Lands in Trustees, to be sold; and, with the Money arising thereby to pnrehafe other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses: To which the Lords deft re the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Melfengoifs withdrew.

Westnii uller The Lord Situ don presented to the House, according

BnJge. to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Powers of the Conutiissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Woolfiaple,or thereabouts, in the Parish of St. Margaret, in the City of Westminster, to the oppoiite Shore, in the County of , towards finishing the said Bridge under their Care; and to remove all Doubts and Difficulties concerning their purchasing and disposing of Houses and Ground lying near to the Streets, Ways, and Passages, on each Side the River Thames, to and from the said Bridge; and also to enable them to inake Ways and Past’ages to and from both Houses of Parliament, and the Courts of Justice; And the same was received.

Vol. 23.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exbh£quer, his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty,-having been informed of the Contents of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty is concerned,

That the House may do therein ns they shall think fit.

M t. Winningtonpresented to the House, according to Importation Order, a Bill for prohibiting the Importation of Books of primed re-printed abroad, that were first composed or writteu- lio,’ks -and printed in Great Britain; and for limiting the.

Prices df Books: And the same wa6 received; and read, the Fitft time;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Supply; the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered rn at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read: and is as followeth; viz'.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Five thousand Pounds be granted.to his Majesty, to be paid as a Reward to Joafina Stephens,

Upon a proper Discovery to be made by her, for the life of the Publick, of her Method of preparing her Medi* cities for the Stone.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to, by the House. '

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the LaWS adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Commit- to the

tee, to whom the Bill for continuing an Act, made in the Assize of Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Bread» Anne, to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread; end for continuing the Act, mpde in the Second Year of his present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors; was committed; be now read:

And the said Order Reing read accordingly; r The House resumed; the adjourned Consideration of* the said Report.

A Clause ,was offered, to be added to the Bill, to pro* vent Personsvvho are Prisoners in any Gaol, or the Limits,

Rules, or Liberties thereof, from acting as Attornies or Solicitors during the Time of their Confinement.,

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered^ that the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

The other Order of the Day being read, the House re- High Prie* solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to of Coals, consider further of the Petition of feverhl Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalfof themselves, and of the Glass-makers, Brewers, Distillers, Sugar-bakers, Soap-boilers, Smiths, Dyers, Brick-makers, Lime-burners, Founders, and Callico-printers, and other Traders and Inhabitants, in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, who are Confomers of large Quantities of Coals, imported from Newcastle, and the Northern Parts of England into the Port of London; and of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bram/lon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bramftou reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and some Evidence, for several Coal-owners, and the Petitioners, upon several of the Petitions, against the said Petition of the said Consumers of Coals; and that he was direrted by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ta consider further of the said Petition of the said

4 O Consumers

Ribbl*

Bridge.

Chester, &c. Roads*

Ditto.

336 IO° — II

Containers of Coals, and of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Shutttewor have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Order of the House, made Yesterday, for the Second Reading, Tomorrow, of the Bill for building a Bridge cross the River from the

Township of Prefton to the Township of in

the County Palatine of Lancaster, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 11° die Aprils $;

Anno 12* Georgii II4' Regis, 1739. Prayers.

A BILL for repairing so much of the great and main Road from Chesterto the City of London, as leads through Dunfmore Heath,to the Town of Morton, in the County of Warwick; and from thence through the several Parishes of Creek, West IIaddon, and If addon, in the County of Northampton, to St. James’s End, in the Parish of Duston, in the same County; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr Cartwright, Sir Edmund lsham, Mr.

Lewis, Mr. Treby, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Brijloic, Sir Win. Heathcote, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Balle, Kir. Fane, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Trefufis, Mr. Carew, Sir Roger Jhaigh, Mr. Earle, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Bradshaw, Mr. Worthy, Colonel Liddell, Mr. lied-worth. Lord Sidney Beauclerk, M r. Mr. Pigott,

Sir Francis Child, Mr. Knight, Mr. Harley, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Hay, Lord Glenorchy, Mr. Praed, Mr.

Neale, Dr. Cotes, Mr. Digby, Sir James Grant, Mr. Archer, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Captain

Townshend, Mr. Tracy, Dr. Za*<?, Mr. Sir Henry

Liddell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, Stafford, Northampton, and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the several Parities of Dallington cum St. James’s End, Duston cum

St. James's End, Upton, Harpole, Kijlingbury,

Upper Hcyford, Netherlleyford, and i n t he County of Northampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That if the said Bill should pass into a Law the Petitioners apprehend that a Turnpike will be erected so near unto the Town of Northampton, that the Petitioners must ne-ceflarily pass through the same in their Way and Patfage to and from the said Town of Northampton, being their next Market Town; and that the Petitioners, in their direct Way and Passage to and from the said Town of Northampton, being their next Market Town, do not make use of above a Quarter of a Mile of the said Road, intended, by the said Bill, to be repaired; which Part of the said Road is now in so good Repair, and so constantly kept, at the private Expence of the several Owners or Occupiers of I^inds lying contiguous thereto, that there wants no new Law for amending the same: And therefore praying, (the Premiles considered), ThataClause may be inserted in the said Bill, to exempt the Petitioners, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said several Pantiles of Dallington cum St. James's End, Duston cum St. James's End, Upton, Harpole, Kijlingbury, Bugbrook, Upper Hey ford, NelherHeyford, and Floore, for the Time being, from paying Toll at. the said Turnpike, so to be

0 Jprilis. A. 1739*

crofted, in pursuance of the said intended Act, in their Way and Passage to and from the said Town of Northampton.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrafted Bill to continue the Duties for Encou- Coinage ragement of the Coinage of Money, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title! be, An Act to continue the Duties for Encouragement* of the Coinage of Money.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to> the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to enlarge the Powers of the Commissioners for Westminster building a Bridge cross thelliver Thames, from the Wool- Bridge. Jlaple, or thereabouts, in the Parish of Margaret, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry,towards flnishing the said Bridge under their Care; and to remove all Doubts and Difficulties concerning their purchasing anddifpofing of Houses and Ground, lying near to the Streets, Ways, and Passages, on each Side the River Thames, to and from the said Bridge; and also to enable them to make Ways and Passages to and from both Houses of Parliament, and the Courts of Justice; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Carew presented to the House, According to Or- Private der, a Bill for explaining and making more effectual an I*otierie*. Act, made in the Tenth and Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for tapprefling of Lotteries; and also so much of One other Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act forcontinuing the Dutieson Malt, Mum, Cyder, and PerJ ry; to rail'e Money, by Way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1722; and for transferring the Deficiencies of a late Malt Act to the Land Tax for the said Year; and for giving Time for inferring the Money, given with Apprentices, in their Indentures; and touching loft Bills,

Tickets, or Orders; and for exchanging the Tickets in the Exchequer for Certificates; and for suppressing Lotteries, denominated Sales, and other private Lotteries; and for enlarging the Time for the Accomptant General of the Bank of England to return Duplicates of Annuities into the Exchequer; as relates to the suppressing Lotteries, denominated Sales, and other private Lotteries:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of for discharging several Lands in Nofely, in the County Chesterfield’s of Leicester, purchased by the Executors of Philip Earl Estate. of Chesterfield, deceased, from the Uses and Limitations contained in the Will of the said Earl; and for vesting the same Lands in Trustees, to be sold; and, with the Money arising the reby, to purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second rime.

The House was moved. That the Resolution of the Stephens* House of Yesterday, for granting to his Majesty the Medicines Sum of Five thousand Pounds, to be paid, as a Reward, for tin. Sume.

to Joanna Stephens, upon a proper Discovery to be made by her, for the Use of the Publick, of her Method of preparing her Medicines for the Stone, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. ToiMr. Fane, and the Lord Cornbury,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read;

The

Price *>i Coal*.

Ealing

Church,

Gregory’*

Name*

Tracy’s Rat.

Office* and Employments.

Courtenay’s

Agreement.

Westall’s

Kitate.

CcKiiiMy’i

Agreement.

12 Geo. II. 11* — ‘-i i* Aprilis.

3*7

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves, and of the Glass-makers, Brewers, Distillers, Sugar-bakers, Soap-boilers, Smiths, Dyers, Brick-makers, Lime-hurners, Founders, and Callico-printecs, and other Traders and Inhabitants, in and about the Cities of London and , who are Consumers of large Quantities of Coals, imported from Newca/lle, and the Northern Parts of into

the Port of London; and of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bramjion took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bramjion reported from the Committee, That they had heard further Evidence for several Coal-owners, and the Petitioners upon several of the Petitions, against the said Petition of the said Consumers of Coals: And that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petition of the said Consumers of Coals, and of . the other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

Sir William Courtenay Baronet, and his Brother Henry Reginald Cdurlenay Esquire, and to render the same effectual for the several Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Colonel St. Clair reported from the Committee, to Mackenaie’* whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir James Mackenzie, of to fell

Lands and Hereditaments in the Sheriffdom of Edinburgh, for Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances charged upon, and affecting, the fame, was committed,

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. 1

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bell'* -

to enable John Bell Esquire, and his Issue, to take and *swnc‘

u,fe the Surname of Lane, and the Arms of James Lord Viscount Latiejborough, deceased, pursuant to his Will,

was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jcvis, 12° die Aprilis;

Anno 12* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1739.

PtATERS.

AM ESS A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Montague',

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,- An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of , in

the County of Middlesex, to raise Money by Rates upon

themselves, for finishing the Church of the said Parish, without any Amendment And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Gregory Esquire, now called Carles Gregory Wade, and his ifl’ue Male, to use the Surname of Wade,without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing James Tracy, with Come Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The I-ords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpofo; with One Amendment: To which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to establish and confirm an Agreement made between Sir William Courtenay, 13aronet, and his Brother Henry ginald Courtenay Esquire, and to render the same effectual for the several Lies and Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Jloiile. And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming certain Articles of Agreement made between EdxcardU’rjialL and his Wife, and Robert Corr, an Infant, and others; and to enable the said Robert Corr to perform a Contract for Sale of certain Lands therein-mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to establish and confirm an Agreement made between Voi. 23.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Bnrgeffes, andlnha- Import and bitants, of the Town and County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture in that Town, and Places adjacent; and representing to the House, That the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture in those Parts is, in a great Measure, owing to the Want of Wool and Yarn being imported near them; and that the an-fient Port of Southampton is well situated for the Counties of Hampshire, Berkshire, and t he South Part of

shire: And therefore praying, That the House would allow that Port to be a Place of importing Irish Wool and Yarn, in registered Ships, and Under the same Securities as the Law directs to be taken for the Northern Ports of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Serge-makers,' and Woollen Manu- Ditto, facturers of the Town of Cr'cditon,in the County of Devon, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousand others, employed in the said Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture; and representing to the House, that the Petitioners shall never be able to equal the Manufactures of foreign Nations, unless they can be supplied with Materials on as good Terms as foreign Nations are; and that, they apprehend, the taking off the Duty, now payable on the Exportation of Wool from Ireland to- England, and epening the Southern

Ports of this Kingdom, will be Means highly conducive to this End: All which the Petitioners submit to the Consideration of this House; praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabid.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Borough Ditto,

of Minehead, in the County of Somerf, in behalfof them-

selves, and many others, Traders, and concerned in the Woollen Manufactures, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the taking off the Dtity of Iri/k Yarn will, asthe Petitionersconceive, encouragethe Irish to enlarge that Branch of Manufacture, and Exportation thereof, which already is very considerable; and thereby deprive Multitudes of our Poor, especially Combers and Spinners, of their Labour; the Consequence of which may increase Parish Charges, and bring afarther Load on Lands, and also depreciate the Price of our own Wool; and will not, as the Petitioners conceive, conduce to the Preservation of Wool; when, as the French and others, for the Support of their Woollen Manufactures, may give

an

Impottand

fcjcport ot Wool.

Ditto.

EfifhtlTTI, &c#

Roads.

12°

> , -

1739.

an advanced Frice, feme will be taken with the Temptation of that Gain: And therefore, foi; the Good of the general, although some particular Plapeg.roay desire it, the Advantage of the Revenue, the Employment of the Poor, praying. That the Duty thereon may continue; and also praying. That no more Ports may be opened.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie, upon the Table.

A petition of the Clothiers, and Dealers in the Woollen Manufacture, of the Town and Borough of Newton Abbott, in the County of De, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture in that Town j and defil ing that thepresentDuty of Four Pencepf/ StoneWeight,charged, in Ireland, on Wool from thence exported, may be to-

tally taken off; and that this House would be pleased to extend the Liberty of the Importation of Wool, a.-.d Wool-, len Yarn, from Ireland, to the Southern Ports of this. Kingdom, in registered Ships: And praying such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall feena meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Saint Mary Ollery,in concerned in, or

depending upon the Wpollen Manufactory,waspresented to the House, and read; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture in that Town and Neighbourhood; occasioned by the Difficuliy ofgetting the Materials at the cheapeli Rate, lince our Southern Harbours are all Ihut up from exporting Ir '\Jh Wool: And therefore praying. That the Duties on Wool may bedischarged; and that other Ports of tire Fall and Southern Parts of the Nation, whereIrish Wool is much wanted, may be also allowed to import it; that so the Petitioners may, as formerly, be enabled to have a comfortable Maintenance for them-: selves and Families, support the poor Labourers, and contribute towards the publick Rates and Taxes.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. John Harvey reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the Parishes of Egham, Thorpe, and in the County of Snny, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition.; and had di reeled him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place.; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, in pursuance of the Order, of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof.

The Petitioners produced an Act of Parliament, passed in the First Year of his present Majesty’s, Reign, intituled, Act A^t-for repairing the Road from . Powder Mills on Ifqunjlozv Heath,..in the County of to a

J^/ace called Bujingstone., near the Town in

thg. Parish of Windlefliam, in the County of Surry.

Charles Channer, of the Pariili of being exar

mined, fays. He kno\vs a Quarter of Mile of Road from Egham Hilh,in the County of Surry, to Saviour's are,

in the Parish of Thorpe, and that, the same is very bad; and that the Inhabitants are obliged to go by which is.TwpMik'S about, to go to the London Market; ‘ and thatjit would contribute greatly to the Advantage of the faiq Parish, if the same was amended.

Mr Gilbert Douglass,being examined, said, He knows

the said Road very well; and it is one of the word Parts of the Roads thereabouts, it all lies in the Parish of Egham, except 200 Yards, which lies in the Parish of Thorpe; and that it is at lead Three Miles about to go by fey, which the Inhabitants are obliged to do now by reason of the Budness of the Road: That the Statute-work has l>een done, hut not sufficient to repair the fame: He believes, That the Expence thereof will not amount to , above ff200, and that the Increase of Revenue to the present Turnpike will, in a few Years, defray that Expence;

That the Parish has been indicted for not amending the same; and that the Inhabitants of the said Parishes go divers Ways about to avoid this Road, whereby they avoid going through the present Turnpike also.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Farmers, and others, Inhabitants of Brampitw

the Parish of Brixioorth, in the County of Northampton, Bridge, 4c.

and Occupiers of the large open Fields in the said Parish, Roads" whose Names are thereunder written, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of a Toll-gate ereCled in their said Parish, by virtue of ap Act, passed in the Eighth.Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending the Highways leading from Brampton Bridge to Wcjford Bridge, in the County of Northampton ', and also the great Poil.Road from -ter pit Hill, in the said County, through Brixioorth, Lamport, Maidwell, Kelmarsh, and Oxenden Magna, to Bridge, leading into Market H.arborough, in the County of Leicester:And therefore praying, That, if the House

shall fee fit to continue the aforesaid Act, now near expiring, for a longer Term of Years than is mentioned-therein, in order to render the same more effectual for the good Purposes intended thereby, the House would be pleased, in Consideration of the Premises, to relieve the Petitioners from those numerous Hard ill ip s, Damages, apd Expences, they have so sensibly and dearly experienced for Sixteen or Seventeen Years last past, by enacting. That the said Toll-gate, in their said Parish, may be removed to the North Side of their said Parish; or that the Inhabitants of Brixioorth may, for the future, pass and repass through the said Gate, with Horse, Cattle, and Carriage, Toll-free; or by such other. Ways or Means as the House shall think meet.'

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the CoDsideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Georggthe'First, for. :aaiendifig the Highways leading from Brampton Bridge to We/ford Bridge, in the County of Northampton; aind also the great. Poll Road from

MorterpU HUl, in the said County, through Lamport, Maidwell, Keintarsh, and Oxenden Magna, to

Chain Bridge,leading into Market Harborough,in the,

County of Leicester; is committed.

An ingrossed Bill frotp the Lords, intituled, An Act WeflalT* for confirming certain Articles of Agreement between -Estate. Edward Wejiall and his Wife, and Robert Corr, an In-

fant, and others; and to enable the said Robert Corr to perform a Contraft for Sale of certain Lands therein mentioned; was read the First time. -

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Anjngrossed Bill for repairing the Road, between Stamford and Stamford and Grantham, in the County of , was Grantham

read the Third, time. Road*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Road between Stamford and Grantham, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That the Lord Tyrconneldo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

' I

A Bill for erecting and establishinganllospital or Iq- B»th . firmary within the City of Bath, in the County of Hhospital merfet, for the Relief of poor Persons resorting to the said City, for the Benefit of the Mineral Waters there; for

incorporating the Trustees; and for the better. Management and Disposition of the Charities already given, or to be given, for the Support and Maintenance of the said Hospital or Infirmary; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carcw,

General Wade, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Foley, Mr. tlezcorth, Mr. Knight, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Child, Sir Hen. Northcote, Mr. , Colonel

Mordaunt, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Compleston, Mr. Treby,

Mr. Tracy, Mr. Powlctt, Mr. FoxK Mr. Owen, Mr,

Kibble

Bridge,

Pailton

Inclosure.

Laws relating to the Assize of Bread, Sec.

Laws

respecting

tanned

Leather.

12 Geo. II. ia Apr yt

Wilkinson, Mr. Bevan, Mr. War dour, Mr. Mr.

HedworthfAv Balle.LoxdP almerfon, Co\one\Codrington, Mr. Compton, Dr. Butler, Mr. Praed, Sir

Abr. Elton, Mr. Herbert of O, Mr^ Hucks, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Archer, Mr. , Sir Thomas Hales,

Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Nedham, Mr. , Mr. Bramston,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Hooper, Sir Wm. Courtenay, Mr. Gib-fori, Mr. Earle, Sir Robert Grtfvenor, Sir Sta-

pxjlton, Mr. Fazakerly, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. , Mr.

Digby, Sir Francis Boynton, Sir John Barnard, Mr. pillon, Mr. CornezvalT, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Wills, Dorset,

and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the House, made upon TueJ'day last, for the Second Reading, upon next,

of the Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Ribble, from the Township of P ref on to the Township of Pen-wortham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Part of certain common Fields, in the Township of Pailton,in the County of Warwick: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread; and for continuing the Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty, for the better RegulaAon of Attornies and Solicitors; was read the Third time. /

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press x. L. 17. To leave out the Word "such,"and insert the Word " the

Pr. 2. L. 5. After the Word " Eighth," to insert " Year of the Reign

L. 7. After the Word " First,’r to insert Year of the Reign

L. 9. After the Word " Eighth," to insert " Year of the Reign."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; And the Bill was, amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the T^itle be. An Act for continuing the Act. made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread; and for continuing, explaining, and amending, the Act, m.<de in the Second Year of the , Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors.

Ordered, That Mr. Be it an do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee to whom the Bill to obviate certain Doubts, which have arisen upon the Construction of the Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Vol. 23.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill; to' li'i the Extent of the Powers and Privileges given by the Bill:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; wjiich were filled up, and the Clause was amended.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to impower Persons exercising the respective Trades therein mentioned,'freely to ul'e and exercise the Trade of a Currier;

And the said Clause Was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up: And the Clause was amended.

And the Qurffio 1 being put, That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth. , ,t.

Tellers for the Yeas; j 54.

Tellers for the Noe^J;

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to £>e added to the Bill; which was read; and is as follows; viz.

" Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this A ft "contained shall extend, or be construed to'extend, to " give Liberty to any Person or Persons whatsoever, to ' " make, cause or procure to be made, any Boots, Shoes, " Clogs, or Slippers, or to few, close, or fit to the Last, " or cause or procure to be sewed, closed, or fitted to the " Last, Pieces of Leather for making Boots, Shoes, " Clogs, or Slippers, for Sale, other than such Person or " Pei Ions who are, orlhall be, legally entitled to exercise " the Trade of a Cordwainer, or i'uch Persons as shall " be Coblers or TranlLitors." ' .

The said Clause being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by inserting, after the Word " Slippers," ami before the Word " or," the Words " or cut into Shapes of Boots^ "Shoes, Clogs, or Slippers

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted; ,

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, f*fr. ’5aey’ / I 59.

7 I Mr. Hen. Archer: 3

Tellers for the Noes, ] 73-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the

Bin.; .

OrdereH, That, the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. ,;


A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Merchants, of the Corporation of Liverpool, trading to the Colonies in America, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That -if the Bill depending, for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, dirt-ftly to foreign Paris, should pass into a Law, the Petitioners conceive it will necessa-rily decrease the Exportation of the Product and Manufactures of all Sorts of Goods from Great Britain, and be greatly; prejudicial to the Petitioners in particular, as well as to the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom in genpral: And therefore praying’the House to take the PremifesintoConsideration; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in , from the said

4 P Colonies,

Carrying Sugar directly from the Colonies to foreign Farts.


Hirer Lea Navigation.

Carrying Sonar directly from the Colonies to foreign Parts.

Importation and Exportation of Wool.

Answer to Message on the Birth of a Prince.

Bath

Hoads.

330 i 2° — 13* 1739.

Colonies, directly to -foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, be read

a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the House, made upon the Sixth Day of this Instant for the Second Read-

ing, Tomorrow, of the Bill for ascertaining, preferring, and improving, the Navigation of the River Lea, from the Town of Hertford to the Town of , in the County of Hertford;and forpreserving and improving the said River from the said Town of Ware to the City of London: and for enabling the Governor and Company

of the New River the better to supply the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs and Liberties there-

of, with good and wholesome Water; bedischarged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s.Sogar Colonies in America,from the said Colonies, directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, being read;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Moniing.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 13* die Afrilis;

Anno 12* Georgii IP' Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

P E TITI ON of the Merchants andothers of the Port of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; representing, That the Port of Lancaster is very advantageously situate for the Importation of Irish Wool and Bay Yarn, being on the North-West Coast of this Kingdom, and nighest to the Towns of Leeds, Halifax, and Wakefield,the most considerable Places for the

Woollen Manufacture in the North Part of this Kingdom: And that the Wool produced in that, and the other Northern Part of this Kingdom, is naturally very coarse; and that the Irish Wool, being generally of a finer Sort, will be very properand fuitableto mixthere-with, and will greatly tend to improve the said Manufacture: And therefore praying, That the Liberty of importing of Irish Wool and Bay Yarn may be extended to that Place.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. St. John reported to the House, That her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales had been attended with the congratulatory Meffageofthis House, on the increase of the Royal Family, by her Royal Highness being happily delivered of a Prince: And that her Royal Highness was pleased to return the following Answer:

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, in order to prove the Allegations thereof, the' Agent for the Petitioners produced, and laid before the Committee,

Two Acts of Parliament, onepaffed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First for amending the several Roads therein mentioned, leading from the City of Bristol-, and the other passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to explain and amend the aforesaid Act: That it appeared, by the said Acts, Provision is made for amending the Road leading from the City of Bristol, through the Parish of Bitton, in the County of Gloucester, to Buckle Brook, in the Parish of Kelfon, in the County of set:

But that neither of the said Acts have yet been, or are likely to be, put in Execution for amending that Part of the Road which lies in the Parish of Kelfon, between Buckle Brook aforesaid, and Coombes Brook.

Then one Mr. Richard Helfom was called as a Witness; and being examined, as to what Condition the last-roentioned Road was in at this time, said, That it is now in a very ruinous Condition; which was occasioned by many heavy Carriages, loaden with Brass and other Goods, frequently pasting through the fame, as it is the high Road for Waggons, commonly called Tranting Waggons, usually travelling to and from the Cities of London and Bristol.

And the Witness further said. That the Inhabitants of the Parish of Kelfon have been at very great Expences, and constantly performed their 'Statute-work; yet that has proved not sufficient to put this Road into good Repair.

Upon the Whole, it appeared to the Committee, That the Road mentioned in the Petition cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unlei's lomefurther Provision be made for that Purpose.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee ' to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and given by Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other made in the Seventh Year of iris late Majesty King George the First, for repairing, amending,

and enlarging, the Highways between the Top of King's-down HiU, and the City of Baand also several Highways leading to and from the said City; and for cleansing, paving, and lightening, the Streets, and regulating the Chairmen there; and also for repairing several Highways leading from the Top of Old Down,&\\as Odd Down, to Dunkerton Bridge, from the Top of Claverton Down, alias Clarion Down, to New Bridge, over Camber Brook; and from Avon Bridge to the Globe Inn in the Parish of Newton Saint Loe', and for regulating a nightly Watch within the said City of Bath, and Liberties thereof; is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for repairing the Road leading from the City of Bristol, through the Parish of Bitton, in the County of Gloucester, to Buckle Brook, in the Parish of Kelfon, in the County of

Gentlemen,

I am very thankful for the Joy the House of Commons shews upon this Occasion.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen and others. Inhabitants of the Parish of Kelfon, and other adjacent Parishes, and of the City of Bath, and other Persons living near, and usually travelling through, the Road leading from the City of Bath to the City of Bristol, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act pa;iton for inclosing Partof certain common Fields, in the Town- Inclosure. ship of Pailton, in the County of Warwick, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled An Act Mackenzie', to enable Sir James Mackenzie, of to fell Lands £state-

and Hereditaments in the Sheriffdom of Edinburgh, for Payment of the Debtsand Incumbrances charged upon, and affecting the fame, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Colonel St. Clair do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition

Chester, &c. Roads.

Carrying Sugar directly from the Colonies to foreign Parts.

High Price of Coals.

12 Geo. II. 130 — 160 331

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Northampton, whose Names are thereunto

subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the In habitants of the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend, that if the Bill for repairing so much of the great and main Road from Chester, to the City of , as leads

through Dun/more Heath to the Town of Hill Morton, in the County of Warwick, and from thence through the several Parishes of Creek, West Haddon, and East Haddon, in the County of Northampton, to St. James's End, in the Parish of Dufton, in the same County, should pal’s into a Law, a Toll-gate or Turnpike will be erected in St. James's End aforesaid, which adjoins to the said Town of Northampton, unlefr provided against by Parliament; and representing to the House, the great Mif-chief and Inconvenience that will arise thereby to the Inhabitants of the said Town, many of them owning or renting Lands, M ills, and Inclosures, and havingoccasion daily to pass and repass to and from the same, with their Horses, Cattle, and Carriages; and being apprehensive they shall be obliged to pay a daily Toll in passing and repairing to and from the lame; and that great Numbers of Fanners, Graziers, and other Inhabitants of the adjacent Villages, that frequent Northampton Markets and Fairs with their Corn, Grain, and Cattle, and are obliged to pass with the fame, in their Way to Northampton, through St. James's End, and no other Part of... intend-

ed Turnpike Road, which is naturally good at all Sea-fons of the Year, will find a Way to, and settle their Course of Trade, for the future, at and other neighbouring Markets and Fairs, rather than pay r, i unnecessary burd'enfomeToll for passing through St. James’s End aforesaid; which willmanileftly tend to the Decay of the Trade, and impoverishing the Town, of Northampton; and further representing, That, not only Saint James's End, but the whole main Road, leading from Northampton to Hill Morton aforesaid, is perfectly safe and good for all Travellers and Carriages, at all times of the Year, for Three Miles together: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that the intended Commissioners and Trustees for the said Road may be restrained from erecting any Toll-gate or Turnpike thereon, within One Mile, at the least, from the West End of the West Bridge of Northampton; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relieftherein,asto the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies, directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That the Mayor, Aldermen, and Merchants, of the Corporation of Liverpoole, trading to the Colonies in America, whose Petition was Yesterday presented to the House, be admitted to be heard, at the same time, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, if they think tit.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider further of the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the behalf of themselves, and of the Glass- makers, Brewers, Distillers, Sugar-bakers, Soap-boilers, Smiths, Dyers, Brick-makers, Lime-burners, Founders, and Callico-printers, and other Traders and Inhabitants in and about the Cities of London and W, who are Con-

Vol. 23.

fumers of large. Quantities of Coals, imported from Newcastle, and the Northern Parts of England, into the Port of London; and of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bramjion took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bramjion reported from the Committee, That they had heard further Evidence for several Coal-owners, and the Petitioners upon several of the Petitions against the said Petition of the said Consumers of Coals; and that the Counsel for the said Coal-owners, and Petitioners, finished their Examination, and summed up their Evidence; and that the Committee had likewise heard Counsel for the Petitioners the Hoaft-men, in Newcastle upon Tyne, and the Petitioners the Fitters belonging to the Port of Sunderland-, and had also heard Counsel and Evidence for the said Consumers of Coals, by way of Reply; and that Evidence was read on the Part of the said Coal-owners, and Petitioners, in Contradiction to a Witness produced by the Counsel for the said Consumers of Coals; and that the Committee had made a further Progress; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuefdarj Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petition of the said Consumers of Coals, and of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, N ine of the Clock.

Luna, 16° die Aprilis;

Anno 12* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration T the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, Nat. intituled, An Act to naturalize James Tracy:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 1. L. 1. Leave out " beseecheth," and inferl " beseech:"

L. 5. After " Switzerland," insert, " u Burckhard Reyhlen, Son of George by Bar-

" bar a his Wife, born at Darmstadt, in Za-

" charias Nieman, Son of John Nieman, by Mary his " Wife, born at Stockholm, in Sweden; and Susannah " Hubert, Widow and Relict of Mic Wafperton, in the County of Warwick, Esquire, dCceased,

" Daughter of Nicolas Jacob Christopher by

" Sophia Maria his Wife, born at Hejfe CaJJel, in Germany

L. 7. Leave out " his," and insert " their:"

L. 15. Leave out " he," and insert " they and, after " Tracy," insert " Christian Burckhard Reyhlen, Zacharias Nieman, and Susannah Hubert and

in the same Line, leave out " is," and insert "are:"

L. 18 and 19. Leave out " a free born Subjest," and insert "free bornSubjects:"

L. 20. Leave out " he is," and insert " they

" are:"

L. 23. Leave out " he," and insert " they:"

L. 24. Leave out " a natural Subject," and insert " natual Subjects

L 27. Leave out " he," and insert " they;" and, after " Tracy," insert " Christian Burckhard " len, Zacharias Nieman, and SuJ'annah Hubert

L. 28. Leave out " his," and insert " are :"

L. 38. L^ave out " his," and insert " their and, in the same Line, leave out " Heir to his," and insert " Heirs to their

Pr. 2. L. 3. Leave out " him," and insert " them:"

L. 6. Leave out " he," and insert " they L. 12. Leave out " he," and iufert " they:"

L. 17.

Wiseman’s

Bcqu l’t

tovards

rebuilding

Woolwich

Church.

Fyfield, &c. Roads.

Inrolment of Papists Deeds and Wills.

Earl of Chesterfield'i |E (late.

332 l6° Aptilis. A. 1739.

L. 17. Leave out he," and insert " they;" Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s and, after " Traci/," insert " Christian Burckhard Reyh- Chamber.

" ten, Zacharias Nieman, and Susannah Hubert'

L. 19. Leave out "a:" The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Office* and

L 20. Leave out "Subject," and insert ‘‘ Sub- Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Eu‘‘'lo>me"1*-"jefts:" An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to

L. 26. Leave out " he," and insert " theyqualify themselves for Offices and Employments, within L. 27. After " Tracy," insert " Christian the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further " Burckhard Reyhlen, Zacharias Nieman, and Susannah Time for that Purpose:

" Hubert :n And the said Amendment was read; and is as fol-

L. 28. After " Member," insert " or Mem- low’s; viz.

" bers:" Press 2. L. 18. After the Word "First," Insert " or

L. 32. Leave out " himself," and insert " by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in that behalf " themselves" made and provided."

L.>4. Leave out " him," and insert " them The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was,

" or either of them: upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the

At the End of the Title, add " Christian Burckhard House.

" Reyhlen, Zacharias Nieman, and Susannah HubertOrde That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to The said Amendments, being severally read a Second the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships. agre.-d to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Laroche do carry the Bill to the Ordered, That the Order of the House, made upon Spittlegate Lords, and acquaint them. That this Houfd hath agreed the 9th Day of April instant, for the Second Reading, Hill koad.-to the Amendments made by their Lordships. To morrow, of the Bill for enlarging the Term and

Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year A Message from the Lords, by'Mr. Sawyer and Mr. of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First,

Montague:: for repairing the Road from Spittlegate Hill, near Gran-

Mr. Speaker, tham, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act County of Nottingham, be discharged. for applying a Sum of Money, given by the Will' of Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Daniel WiJcmaji Esquire, deceased, for finishing the new Thursday Morning next.

Church at Woolwich, in the County of Kent-, and for

raising an Annuity, by an Assessment, on the Parish A Bill for explaining and making more effectual an Private of Woolwich, during the Lives of Mary Wifemanand Act, made in the Tenth and Eleventh Tear of the Lotteries,&c. Elizabeth Crouch, and the Life of the Survivor of Reign of his late Majesty King the Third, inti-

them, pursuant to the said Will; without any Amend- tilled. An Act for suppressing of Lotteries; and also so ment. And also, much of one other A^t, nv.de in the Eighth Year of the

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act, Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intitu-for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, led, An Act for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, passed in the 6th Year of the Reign, of his present Ma- Cyder, and Perry, to raise Money, by way of a Lottery, jesty, for repairing the Road from Fyfleld,in the County for the Service of the T ear 1722; and for transferring of Berks, fro St. John’s Bridge, in the County of Glou- the Deficiencies of a late Malt Act to the Land Tax for ceflev, and for repairing the Roads from an Inti called the said Tear; and for giving Time for inserting the the Hind's Head, in the Parish of Kingston Bagpuze, in Mouey given with Apprentices, in their Indentures; the said County of Berks, to that. Part of Net 0 Bridge and touching loft Bills, Tickets, or Orders; and for ex-which lies in the find Coqnty of Berks; without any changing the Tickets in the Exchequer for Certificates; Amendment. And also, and for suppressing Lotteries, denominated Sales, and

The Lords have passed a Bill, intithled, An Act for other private Lotteries; and for enlarging the Time for allowing further Time for Inrolment qfDeeds and Wills the Accomptant General of the Bank of England to remade by Papifls1; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, turn Duplicates of Annuities into the Exchequer; as Devisees, and Lefiecs: To which the Lords desire the relates to the suppressing Lotteries, denominated Sales,

Concurrence of this House. ' and other private Lotteries; was read a Second time.

And then the Messengers withdrew. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Careio,

' ' Mr. EarfLord An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Rawlinson Earle, Mr. Hungerford. Mr. Hen.

for discharging several Lands in Nofdey, in the County of Lord PalSir Edmund I/ham, Mr. Thompson,

Leicester,purchased- by the Executors of Philip Earl of Lord GalMr Owen, Mr. Wyndham, Mr.

Chesterfield, deceased, from the Uses and Limitations ton, Mr. Sir Mr. contained in -the Will of the said Eafrl; and for vesting Mr. Mr. Richard Pturner Mr.

the same Lands iiv Trustees, to1 be fofld; and, with the Mr. Treby, Sir John Peachey, Sir Thomas Clarke, Mr.

Money arising the reby, to purcKhfe Other Lands, to be Corbett, Sir Ramsden, Sir Hen. Liddell, Mr. Mor-settled to the same Uses; was read a Second time. den, Sir Roger Brad/haigh, Mr.- Carmichael!, Dr. Cotes, Rejohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr, Car- Mr. Forefer, Sir James Lmvther, Mr. Pitt, Colonel michaell, Lord Tyrconnel, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Duckett, Mr. Fane, Mr. Yorkc, Sir Chr. Powell, Mr.

Carczc, Mr. Bowes, Mr. 7 reft/, Mr. Mordaunt, Mr. Le-Noel, Mr. Hacks, Mr Mr. Pigott, Sir John

heup. Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Earle, Colonel Duckett, Barnard, Mr. Cornewall, Colonel Mr. Clavering,

Mr. Henley, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr . Archer, Mr. Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir John Norris-, and all the Gentle-Tracy, Mr. Braffey, Sir A hr. Elton, Mr. Hungerford, men of the Long Robe; And they are to meet this Af-

Mr. Scrope, Mr. Longueville, Sir Robert Munro, Mr. ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham-Yorkc, Captain Purvis, Mr. Plumer, Sir John Barnard, ber: And all that come are to have Voices.

Sir Francis Boynton, Sir Robert Laurie, Mr. Harley, Mr.

Comptroller, Dr. Cote*, Mr. Coritezcmll, Mr. Fane, Mr. A Bill for prohibiting the Importation of Books re- Importation

Poulett, Sir Edmund Id) am. Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Gore, printed Abroad, that were first composed or written, and of printed

Sir John Hea/hcote, Sir James Nayfnish, Sir Jof. Pen- printed, in Great Britain-, and for limiting the Prices of 00 s'

nington, Mr. Lloyd, Colonel Liddell, Mr. Brodie; and Books; was read a Second time, all the Members who fervefor the Counties of Leicester, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Win-Derby, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this nington, Mr. Hen. Fox, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Earle, Mr.

23 Carew,

Bath Roads.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

River Lee Navigation.

i a Geo. II. i6° — 170 Apr Ms.

333

Carew, Mr. Step. Fox, Mr. Hanhiry Williams, Lord

Charles Cavendish, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Archer, Mr. Hed-

worth, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Treby, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Walker, Sir Natltanael Curzon, Mr. Pigott, Sir Jo/. Pennington, Mr. Henley, Lord merfion. Colonel Duckett, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Gore, Mr. Butler, Sir Hen.

Mr. Wortley, LordMavor of London, Mr. Mr.

Blackett, Mr. CorTtew all, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Laroche, Sir Sir

Robert Sutton, General Wade, Mr. Lindefay, Sir John Barnard, Sir Chr. Powell, Lord John And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That all that come have Voices, at the Committee to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and given by Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Sixth Year of the Reign of Iter late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other made in the Seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing, amending, and enlarging, the Highways between the Top of Kingsdown HiU and the City of Bath; and also

several Highways leading to and from the said City; and for cleansing, paving, and lightening, the Streets, and regulating the Chairmen there; and also for repairing several Highways leading from the Top of Old Down, alias Odd Down, to Dunkerton Bridge, from the Top of Claverton Down, alias ClartonDozen, to New Bridge over Camber Brook-, and from Avon Bridge to the Globe Inn, in the Parish of Neioton Saint Loe-, and for regulating a

nightly Watch within the said City of Bath, and Liberties thereof; is committed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon WednesHay Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for ascertaining, preserving, and improving the Navigation, of the River Lee, from the Town of Hertford to the Town of Ware, in the County of Hertford, and for preserving and improving the said River from the said Town of Ware to the City of London, and for enabling the Governor and1 Company of the New River the better to supply the Cities of London and Westmin/er, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, with good and wholesome Water.

The Counsel for and against the said Bill were called in:

And the said Bill was read a Second time.

And the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-council assembled, against the said Bill, was aHo read:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard:

And Part of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth,concerning the River Lee,

was read:

And the First and Third Sections of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of Kin the First, intituled, An Act for the bringing in of a fresh Stream of running Water to the North Part of the City of London, were read;

And a Copy of an Order of Council, dated the zid Day of September 1669, relating to the Bore of the Pipes to be laid in the River Lee by the Governor and Company of the New River, was produced and read.

Vol. 23.

Then the Counfeffbr the Petitioners examined several Witnesses, and went through their Evidence.

Then the Counsel for the Bill were heard, and examined several Witnesses, and went through their Evidence:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, by way of Reply.

Then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tliurfday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine ®f the Clock.

Martis, 170 die A \

Anno 12* Georgii II" Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

MR. Laroche reported from the Committee, to Brookfbank's whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- Eftaie. tuled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Stamp Brookjbank Esquire, in the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge, in him and his Heirs; and for settling the Manor of Helaugh, and divers Lands and Hereditaments in

Helaugh, in the County of the City of York, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: And that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Thompfonof York reported from the Committee Hunmanby

to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, laclosure.

An Act for confirming certain Articles of Agreement between the Lord of the Manor of Hunmanby and the Vicar and Freeholders of Hunmanby, in the County of York, for inclosing Part of the Moor in Hunmanby aforesaid, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrafTed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act inrolment of for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and PapiftsDeed* Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Pur- Will*,

chafers, Devisees, and Lessees; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act, Westair* for confirming certain Articles of Agreement between Estate. Edward Wefall and his Wife, and Robert Corr, an Infant, and others; and to enable the said Robert Corr to perform a Contraft for Sale of certain Lands therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Hooper, Sir Nathanael CurMr.

Gybhon, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Middlesex, Mr. Came, Mr.

Thompson, Mr. Bramfon, M r. Shuttleworth, Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr Tracy, Mr. Oimius, Mr. White, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Edmund Isham, Sir Charles Dr.

Lee, Mr. Eyles, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Pitt, Sir Rowland Alffoii, Mr. Mordaunt, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Townftend,

Mr. Harley, Mr. Brer eton, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Archer,

Mr. Longueville, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Petiton, Captain Townshend, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Glanville-, and all the

4 Q Members

334 lT Apr . 1739.

Members who serve for the Counfies of Southampton, Wilts, Berks, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Glock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Pailton An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for inci0fing part of certain common Fields in the Town-ship of Pailton, in the County of was read a

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Cartwright, Lord Mr. Glan-

ville, Mr. Tracy, Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr. Mr.

Hunger ford, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Corbett, Mr.

Mr. Chr. Tower, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Tower, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr. Harley, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Hay, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Mr. Kent, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Vere, Mr. Mr. Plumer, Mr. Hors-

monden Turner, Mr. Earle, Sir John Turner, Sir Heathcote, Mr. Alderman Healhcote, Lord Mayor of London, Mr Knight, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Yorke, Lord Robert Montagu, Mr. Bold, Mr. Mr. Polhill, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Winnington, SirThomas Clarke,

Captain Gough, Sir Jof. Pennington, Colonel Mordaunt, Mr. Porefter, Mr. Archer, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Thomson, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Robert Mr. Lechmere, Mr.

Carmichaell, Sir Francis Child, Dr. Cotes, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Worth's Mr. Carcw reported from the Committee to whom Ertate. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling and disposing of Part of the Estate of John Worth Esquire, a Lunatick, for discharging the Debts, Portions, and Incumbrances, charged upon, and affeftiqg, the fame, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Importation A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and and Exporta- principal Inhabitants, of the Town and County of Poole, tion of Wool. wag presenteti to the House, and read; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture in the Towns and Counties adjacent to the said Town and County, and of the Discouragements and Disadvantages which the Towns and Counties adjacent to the said Port have, for many Years pad, laboured under, for want of having a Liberty of importing Wool, and Woollen Yarn, from Ireland, into that Port, and having the Duty of Four Pence per Stone, pow payable on all Wool exported from Ireland, taken off; and representing to the House the Reasonableness and Necessity, That the Importation of Wool and Woollen Yarn, into England, may not be confined to a few Ports on the North Side of this Kingdom, where very little Wool is made use of; but that the other more considerable trading Ports, on the Southern and Eastern Sides of this Kingdom, may have also the Benefit of the Importation of Wool and Woollen Yarn, from Ireland, in registered Ships, extended to them* and particularly the said Portnf; so that the whole Kingdom may become a proper Market for the fame: And therefore praying the House for such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Brampton Sir Edmund Isham reported from the Committee, to Bridge, &c. whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Roads. granted by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending the Highways leading from Brampton Bridge to Weford Bridge, in the County of Northampton-, and also the great Post Road from Hill, in the said-

County, through Brixworth, Lamport, Maidwell, -marsh, and OxendenMagna, to leadinginto

Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester; was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Farmers, and others, inhabitants of the Parish of Brixworth, in the County of Northampton, and Occupiers of the large open Fields in the said Parish, whose Names are thereunder written, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and made several Amendments t hereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, as far as Clause A, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The said Clause A being read a Second time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pnt, That the Bill be re-committed, with respect to the said Clause;

It pafl’ed in the Negative.

Then the said Clause, being the last Amendment made by the Committee to the Bill, was, upon the Question , put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to direct.

That all Monies which have been borrowed on the Credit of the Toll,taken at the Turnpikenear Pi ford Bridge, and expended in amending the Roads between Brampton Bridge and We ford Bridge, shall be repaid, and replaced to the Account of the Roads between Morlerpit Hill and Chain Bridge, for amending those Roads; and that, for the future, noMoney (borrowed, or to be borrowed, on the Credit of the Tolls taken at Bridge), shall be applied to the amending any of the Roads between Brampton Bridge and We ford Bridge:

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several of the Captains, Commanders, Piracy;Law» and Officers of the Royal Navy, in behalf of themselves, i t and others, was presented to the House, and read; set- ^ava ting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend, That the Bill Good^ &c.0^ brought into this House, to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First (made perpetual by' another Act, passed in the Second Year of his present Majesty), for the more effectual suppressing of Piracy, as relates to the preventing Officers of his Majesty’s Ships of War from carrying Goods and Merchandises on Freights, or trading the rewith; and for making the said Act more effectual; and for indemnifying such Persons as may have offended against the said Act; and for preventing Seamen deserting Merchant Ships on the Coasts of Africa, or entering into any other private Service there; and to prevent their conveying away any Boat, Canoe, or Craft, belonging to any Merchant Ship trading to and on the said Coast; tends to the Subversion of the Authority and Jurisdiction of the High Court of Admiralty, is detrimental to the Sea Service, injurious to the Honour and Interest of the Officers of his Majesty’s Navy; and that the Petitioners conceive themselves to be otherwise highly aggrieved thereby: And therefore praying, That they, may have Leave to be heard, by their Couufel, against the said Bill, before the same do pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said.....do lie upon the Table

until the said Bill be read a Second time: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, if they think fit, again the said Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next;

The House was moved. That the 8th and qth Sections of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act

for

Duke of x Port'and’s Estate.

Earl of

Inchiquin’s

Estate.

Hill Side Inclosure.

Registers of Deeds, &c.

High Price of Coals.

Earl of Inchiquin’i Estate.

12 Geo. II. 17°^ — 18° Aprilis. 335

for the more effectual suppressing of Piracy, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

And the Question being put, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Thu Morning next;

It pafl'ed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Month;

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.J } 134*

Tellers for the Noes fSir John lellers for the *oes^Mn: } 8o*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Sawyer and Mr.

Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Moll noble William Duke of to

grant building Leases of certain Messuages, Pieces and Parcels of Ground, in Soho , in the County of Middlesex, for a further Term than he is impowered to grant by his Marriage Settlement: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also.

The Lords have pafl'ed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of William Earl of Inchi quin, in the Kingdom of Ireland, for Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances charged thereupon; and for settling such Part thereof as shall remain unfold, according to his Marriage Agreement: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have pafl'ed a Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Part of a Common, or Wade Grounds, called Hili Side, otherwise Lambden in the Manor and

Parish of Odihamand County of Southampton: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefl'engers withdrew.

Mr. Winningtonpresented to the House, according to

Order,1 a Bill for the publick Registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within that Part of Great Britain called England, wherein publick Iie-gifters are not already appointed by Act of Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House to cohfider further of the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves, and of the Glass-makers, Brewers, Distillers, Sugar bakers, Soap-boilers, Smiths, Dyers, Bi ick-makers, Lime-burners, Founders, and Callico-printers, and other Traders and Inhabitants, in and about the Cities of London and Westmi areConfumers

of large Quantities of Coals imported from and the Northern Parts of England, into the Port of London; and of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bramjlontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That M r. Gybbon have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock:

And be moved the House accordingly.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of William Earl of Inchiquin, in the Kingdom of Ireland, for Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances charged thereupon; and for settling such Part thereof as shall remain unfold, according to his Marriage Agreement; was read the First time.

Vol. 23.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 18° die Aprilis;

Anno 12° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act n,

to enable the Moll noble William Duke of Port p, Claud's

land to grant building Leases of certain Messuages, Estate. Pieces and Parcels of Ground, in Fields, in the County of Middlesex,fora further Term than he is im-

powered to grant by his Marriage Settlement, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Side for inclositig Part of a Common, or Walle Grounds, inclosure. called Hill Side, otherwise Lambden Common, in the Manor and Parish of Odiham, and County of Southampton, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Worth’s for felling and disposing of Part of the Estate of John Eitate. Worth Esquire, a Lunatick, for discharging the De1 is,

Portions, and Incumbrances charged upon and aflefting the fame, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pafc.

Ordered, That Mr. Carezo do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaintthem, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House tvas moved, That an Act, made in the Act* relating Eighth Year of the Reign of King Rickard the Second, to Per:-ns intituled, No Man of Law shall be Justice of Assize or be'ng.Justices Gaol Delivery in his own Country; and also another Act, thrown made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of King Counties. Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act that, none shall be Justice of Assize in his own Country, Sic.; might be fead:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second, intituled.

No Man of Law shall be Justice of Assize or Gaol Delivery in his owm Country; and another Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of King the Eighth,

intituled, An Act that none shall be Justice of Assize in his own Country, He.:And that Mr. Winnington, Mr.

Hanbury Williams, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Papillon,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Brook-bank’s for veiling the settled Estate of Stamp Brookfbank Ef- Eihte. quire, in the Counties of Suffolk and Camin him

and his Heirs; and for settling the Manor of and divers Lands and Hereditaments in He/augli, in the County of the City of York, of greater Value, iu lieu thereof; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Laroche do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill to enlarge the Powers of the Commissioner- for Westminster building a Bridgecross the River Thames, from the Wool- Bridge. Jlaple, or thereabouts, in the Parish of 67. , in

the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry, towards finishing the said Bridge under their Care; and to remove all Doubts and Difficulties concerning their purcliafing and disposing of I Ioules and Ground, Jying near to the Streets, Ways, and Passages, on

each

each S'de the River Tham,to and from the said Bridge; and also to enable them to make Ways and Passages to and irom both Houses of Parliament, and the Courts of Justice; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of I lie whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

Coinage The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Duties. tocontinuetheDuties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money, without any Amendment. And also,

Stamford and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Grantham for repairing the Road between and Grantham,

Road. in the County of Lincoln, without any Amendment. And also,

Lincoln The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Roads, for repairing the Roads from the North Welt Parlsof the County of Lincoln, through Nettlam¥ie\ds, and Baumber Fields, to the Wolds, or North East Part of the said County, without any Amendment. And also, Langdale’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act EUate. for Sale of Part of the Estate of Jordan Langdale Esquire, in the County of For Ay for Payment of Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Lawsrafpeft- An ingrossed Bill to obviate certain Doubts, which ing tanned have arisen upon the Construction of the Act of the First eat er. year of Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather, was read the Third time.

The following Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill:

Press 1. L. 33, 34. To leave out the Words for the " respective Manufacturers thereof who have tanned " or curried the fame;" being the Words which were inserted by an Amendment made by the House to the Bill.

It was thereupon proposed to divide the said Propofi-tions into Two Questions; the First Question to be put upon the Words " for the respective Manufacturers," in order to propose, in case it was resolved that those Words'should stand Part of the Bill, the leaving out the Word " thereof," as also the Words " the fame,’? and to insert, inllead thereof, the Words " any Leather."

And the Question being put. That the Words " for " the respective Manufacturers," Hand Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas f Mr* \

1 ellers for the Y eas, j Mp CrQw(e . J 5 7.

Tellers for the Noes, j H

So it palfed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the Words " thereof, who have tanned or curried the fame," Hand Part of the Bill;

It palfed in the Negative.

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Anot her Amendment being proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out, in the 35th Line of the First Press, the Words " the fame," and inserting, inllead thereof, the Words " all Sorts of tanned Leather

The House was moved, That the 5th Seftiou of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers, occupying the Cutting of Leather, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly

A. 1739.

And the Question being put. That the Words " the " fame," Hand Part of the Bill;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Friday Sevennight

The Lord Charles Cavendish reported from the Com- Bakewell, mittee to whom the Bill for repairing the Roads from the kc*

Town of Bakewell, in the County of , through the Town of Chesterfield, in the same County, to the Town

of Workfopp, in the County of N; and from the Head or North End of a Street called in

the Town of Chef erf eld afo relaid, to the Town of field, in the said County of Nottingham; was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders,

Farmers, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Mansfield, in County of Nottingham, and Towns and Places adjacent; and also the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, Searchers,

Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Company of Cutlers in Hallamshire, in the County of York, under their common Seal, in behalf of themselves, and the Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Sheffield, and the Places adjacent, were referred; That the Committee had heard the Petitioners on the first-mentioned Petition, by their Coun-fel; and had also heard Counsel for the said Bill, against the said Petition; and that no Person appeared on the Behalf of the Petitioners upon the other Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, one of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to prevent any Turnpike being erected upon the Road leading from the Town of Chesterfield, towards the Town of Mansfield, on the West Side of a Bridge, near Chesterfield, calledStoney Bridge:

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clanfe was offered, to be added to the Bill, declaring the particular Application of the Tolls towards repairing certain Parts of the said Roads:

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, declaring the Qualification of the Trustees:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks:

And the said Clause was amended.

And the Question being put, That the said Clanfe be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j JJj; ufdlZ; } 49-

Telie-fortheNoe^C^C^. J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with thfe Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House, Ways to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Mama, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And

Hunmanby

luclosure.

Commissionert of Excise to attend.

Langdale's

Estate.

Bonds taken of Mailers of Ships, &c.

Westminster

Bridge.

i x Geo. II. 18° — 190 Aprilis. 3 37

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

yovis, 190 die Apr His;

Anno 120 Georgii II. U Regis, 1739. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming certain Articles of Agreement between the Lord of the Manor of and the Vi-

car and Freeholders of Hunmanby,\n the County of York, for inclosing Part of the Moor in Hunmanby aforesaid, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Thompson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise do attend this House Tomorrow Seven night.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Jordan Langdale Esqu're, in the County of York, for Payment of Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame, was read the First time. Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House was moved, That the 62d Section of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Tiis late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the publick Revenues of Excise, Customs, Stamp Duties, Poll Office, and House Money, might be read:

And the fame, as printed in the First Edition of the Acts made in that Year, and also in the last Edition of the Statutes at large, was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the 9th Section of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his said Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the further preventing his Majesty’s Subjects from trading to the East Indies under foreign Commissions; and for encouragingand further securing the lawful Trade thereto; and for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Ille of Thanet; might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to reClify a Mistake in an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the publick Revenues of Excise, Customs, Stamp Duties, and House Money, with respect to the Condition of the Bonds to be taken from Masters of Ships, by virtue of the said Act; and to indemnify such Persons as may have acted under the said Mistake; and also to obviate a Doubt that has arisen upon an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further preventing his Majesty’s Subjects from trading to the East Indies under foreign Commissions; and for en-

couraging and further securing the lawful Trade thereto; and for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Ille of Thanet-, with regard to the futnmary Proceedings of the Commissioners or Sub Commissioners of Excise in Ireland, upon Prosecutions for the fraudulent Im-portation of East India Goodsin the Kingdom of Ireland: And that Mr. Glanville, Mr. Edxvard Walpole, and Mr. Edward Thompson, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. John the Evangelijt, in the City Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioners once conceivedllopes, that great Advantages would have accrued to the said Parish by the Resolutiou taken by the Commissioners for building the new-intended Bridge at the Horje Ferry; but, as the Pari iament havefinee ordered the same to be creeled at the Woofjiaplc, or thereabouts, Vqi, 23.

the Petitioners apprehend, from their unfortunate Situation, that they rtiall receive Prejudice rather than Benefit from the building the said Bridge, unless a convenient Way can be opened from the Old Palace-yard, into the said Parish; and that the Petitioners are informed, and believe, That LindfeyLane, commonly called Lane, may be made wider, and more convenient, with little Expence to the Publick; which will be the only Means of procuring to them any Advantage from a Delign so beneficial to the other Parts of the City and Liberty of Westminster: And therefore praying, That u Clause may be inserted in the Bill ordered to be brought in, in favour of the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Henry Fox reported from the Committee to importation whom the Bill for prohibiting the Importation of Books,0* Pr'nted re-printed abroad, that were first compofi.d or written, Books* and printed, in Great Britain-, and for limiting the Prices of Books; was committed: That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrosstd.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr., Sawyer and Mr.

Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for n^e of confirming and establilliing an Exchange agreed to be Kewcaitk’s made between Thomas Holies Duke of Nezvca/ilc, and an<1, si*p-vl‘

Sir Miles Stapylton Baronet, of their settled Estates, in tou ales‘ the County of York-, and for settling the Lands, given in Exchange to each Party, to such Uses as the Lands, for which the same are exchanged, Hood settled: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And also,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Ducarel’. naturalizing Adrian Coltee DucarcTo which the Nat.

Lords desire the Concurrence of t his House.

And then the Messengers. withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act. Bell’*

to enable John Bell Esquire, and his Issue, to take and Name,

life the Surname of Lane, and the Arms of James Lord Viscount Lancjborough deceased, pursuant to his Will, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Laroche,

Sir NathanaelCurzon, Mr. Shutllcworth, Mr. White, Mr.

Byng, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Gregory, Sir Chr. Powell, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Walker, Mr. Whitworth Mr. Glanville, Sir Geo. Cajwall, Mr. Leheup, Mr.

wall, General Wade, Mr. Horsemonden Turner, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Knight, Captain ToMr. Harley, Mr. Bramston, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Ca-reio, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Archer, Mr. Mr. Pollen, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Cordel Fircbrace, Mr. Bowes,

Mr. /Are, Mr. Hungerford, Dr. Cotes, Sir Wm. Heathcote,

Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Hay, Mr. Mr.

Ion, Captain Trefafis, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Fox, Sir Thomas

Clarke, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Ojbaldtjion, Lord Tyremind, Mr. Forester, Mr. Vyner, Sir Robert Sir Charles Mania i//j!, Mi'. Winnington, Mr. Balle, Colonel

Bladen, Mr. Earle-, and all the Members whoservefor the Counties of York and CornwallAnd they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for »4

confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed to be amTstapyl-

4 R made ton’s ^ltatt*.

338 if Aprilis. A. 1739.

made between Thomas Holies Duke of , and Sir

Miles Stapylton Baronet, of their settled Estates, in the County of York; and for settling the Lands, given in Exchange to each Party, to such Ul'es as the Lands, for which the same are exchanged, stood settled; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Afls relating Mr. Winning ton presented to the House, according to

to Perfoiw Order, a Bill for explaining and amending an Act, made

I^,ngr \!r ’n ^ie Eighth Ye*u* of the Reign of King Richard the i^their own* Second, intituled. No Man of Law shall be Justice of Coaaties. Assize or Gaol Delivery in his own Country; and also another Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act that none shall be Justice of Aftizein his own Country; 8(c.: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

DucartTs An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat. for naturalizing Adrian was read the

First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Carrying A Petition of several Merchants, and others, of the Sugar di- City of London, concerned in Tradeand Navigation, was

the Colonies Pre^ente<^to the House.and Part thereof was read; setting to foreign forth, That, by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Parts. Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for encouragingand increasingShippingand Navigation, and several subsequent Acts of Parliament, the Trade of the British Colonies\n America was restrained entirely to Britain;and, under thele Laws, the British Sugar Plantations have been greatly increased and improved-----

Royal Assent Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles , to Bills. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in tlifji House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following;

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great , for the Service

of the Year 1739:

An Act for continuing the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money:

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Ofiices and Employments within the Time limited by I^aw, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose:

An Act; to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of St.

Nicholas, in the City of IForcester, to raise Money for discharging the Debts they have contra6ted in rebuilding their Parish Church:

An Act to enable the Parilliioners of the Parish of Ealing, in the County of to raise Money, by

Rates upon themselves, forfinishing the Church of the said Parish.

An Act for applying a Sum of Money, given by the "Will of Daniel WiJ'eman Esquire, deceased, for finishing the new Church at Wool in the county of ;

and for raising an Annuity, by an Assessment, on the Parish of Woolwich, during the Lives of Mary Wifeinan and Elizabeth Crouch, and the Life of the Survivor of them, pursuant to the said Will:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Fyfield, in the County of Bei'ks, to Saint Johns Bridge, in the Couny

of Gloucester \ and for repairing the Roads from an Inn called the Hind's Head,in the Parish of Kingston

puze, in the said County of Berks, to that Part of Bridge, which lies in the said County of Berks:

An Act for repairing the Road between Stamford and Grantham in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for repairing the Roads from the North-West Parts of the County of Lincoln, through Fields,

Wragby Lane, and Baumber Fields, to the Wolds, or North-East Part of the said County:

An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Richard Berney Esquire, deceased, for discharging Incumbrances thereupon:

An Act for vesting a Messuage and Lands in Twickenham, late the Estate of the honourable William Town-Jhend Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in Trull, to sell the same,pursuant to an Article entered into by the said William Townshend, in his Life-time; and for applying the Money arising by such Sale for the Benefit of Charles Townshend, his only Son and Heir, an Infant;

An Act for vefti ng in Archibald Hamilton Esquire, commonly called Lord Archibald Hamilton, and his Heirs, the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,in the Coun-ty of Berks, therein mentioned, in Trust, to convey the same to Sir William Irby Baronet, and his Heirs; and for laying out the Purchase-money in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses, and upon the Trusts, therein mentioned:

An Act for discharging the Estate of John Sherwin Esquire, in the County of Hertford, from the Uses,

Trusts, and Covenants, in his Marriage Settlement; and for settling an Estate, in the County of Nottingham, and Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses:

An Act to enable Sir James Mackenzie, of Roy fan, to

fell Lands and Hereditaments in the Sheriffdom of Edinburgh, for Payment of Debts and Incumbrances charged upon, and affecting, the fame:

An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Stamp Brooks bank Esquire, in the Counlies of Suffolk and in him and his Heirs; and for settling the Manor of latigh, and divers Lands and Hereditaments in in the County of the City of York, of greater Value in lieu thereof:

An Act for felling and disposing of Part of the Estate of John Worth Esquire, a Lunat ick, for discharging the Debts, Portions, and Incumbrances, charged upon, and affecting, the fame:

An Act for confirming certain Articles of Agreement, between the Lord of the Manor of and the

Vicar and Freeholders of Hunmanby, in the County of York, for inclosing Part of the Moor in aforesaid:

An Act to enable John Mould Esquire, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Moore, pursuant to the Will of John Moore Esquire, deceased:

An Act to enable John Ci'ouch Esquire, eldest Son of Pyke Crouch Esquire, deceased, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Pyke, pursuant to the Will of John Pyke Esquire, deceased:

An Act to enable Charles Gregoiy Esquire, now’ called Charles Gregory Wade, and his Ifl’ue Male, to use the Surname of W ade:

An Act to enable R’JlcyBrewer, and his Heirs, to lake and use the Surname and Arms o fRpurfuant to the Will of Paul Rijley Esquire, deceased:

An Act for naturalizing James Tracy, Chrifian hard Reyhlen, Zacharias Nieman, and Susannah Hubert.

----- Then the rest of the Petition of fevertil Merchants, carrying

and others, of the City of London, concerned in Trade Sugar di-and Navigation, was read; setting forth, That the Pet i- r«^*y from tioners conceive, should the Bill, now depending in the House, for granting Liberty tocarrySugarsoftheGrowth, parts. 0 Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly to foreign Parts, pass into a Law, it will render the Trade of those Colonies less beneficial to this Kingdom, as it will turn Part of that Commerce into a new Channel, to

the

339

12 Geo. II. 190 — Aprilis.

Importation and Exportation of Wool.

Rum imported.

Spittlegato Hill Roads.

the great Advantage of Foreigners, but to the great Prejudice of the Trade and Navigation of Great Britain: And that the Petitioners also conceive. That the passing this Bill will enable the Planters of the British Sugar Colonies in America, by large Exportations of Sugars directly to Holland and other, Countries, to make such Countries a Mart for their Sugars, and bring Great Britain in a manner dependent upon them for that Branch of Trade, by putting it in their Power to advance the Prices of Sugars, whenever they may think fit, in this Kingdom, at the Expence of the whole People of Great Britain, and to the Ruin of the Manufactory of refined Sugars, which has so vastly increased, in the Course of some Years pall, in this Kingdom; and will, besides, give the Plantersan Opportunity of supplying themselves in such foreign Countries with many the Conveniencies of Life, and the Requifitesfor Planting, to the great Decrease of the Woollen, Linen, and other the Manufactures of Great Britain And Ireland: And that the Petitioners likewise conceive. That all Persons concerned in the making Sail Cloth, Cordage, and all other the Materials for Shipping, as well as in the repairing, victualling, and fitting out, Ships in Great Britain, mult necessarily lose great Part of their Trade and Business; and that the Seamen on board all Ships pursuing such direct Voyages from the British Colonies to foreign Countries, will spend their Wages in such Countries where they unload their Sugars, to the great Prejudice of their Families, and the great Loss of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to take the Premises into Consideration; and give them Leave to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition 'do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for grantinga Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of nny of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, fiom the said Colonies, directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, be read a Second time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, if they think fit.

Colonel Bidden presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for taking off the Duties upon Woollen and Bay Yarn, imported from Ireland to England; and for the more effectual preventing the Ex|>ortation of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool, and Wool manufactured, from Ireland to foreign Parts: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of what Quantity of Rum has been imported from any of the British Sugar Islands into England irom Midsummer 1735,10

mas 1738; distinguishingeach Year, and each Bland.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Spittlegate Hill, near Grantham, in the Countyr of Lincoln,to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Counsel for the said Bill, and also the Counsel for the Aldermen, Com Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of

Grantham, and several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and others, of the County of Lincoln, whose Petition was presented to the House, upon the 2d Day of this Instant April-, were called in;

And the said Bill was read a Second time.

And the said Petition was read:

And the Counsel for the said Petitioners were heard, and Examined several Witnesses:

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Vol. 23.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord William Manners, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Earle, Mr.

Mr. Toumjhend, Sir Michael Neicton, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr. Noel, Lord Tyrconnel, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Maijter, Mr. Digby, Sir Francis ChMr. Pturner. Sir

John Heathcote, Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Arundell, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr, Harley, Gene-rid Wade, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Mr.

kinjbn-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Lincoln, York, Durham, Northumberland, and for North Britain,.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And all that come are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard, by their Counsel, upon their Petition, before the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till this Day Sevennight, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis,26° die Aprilis \

Anno 120 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inclosing Part of a Common, or waste Grounds, called Hill Side, otherwise Lambden Common, in the Manor and Parish of Odiham, and County of Southampton was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cooper,

Sir Francis Child. Mr. Careio, Sir Roger Bradfiaigli Lord Wailingford, Mr. Hen. Archer, Mr. Mordaunt

Mr. Pollen, Mr. Compton, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Hay, Mr. Penton, Mr. Crowle, Mr. DumSir John Cope, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Balle, Mr. Bockland, Mr. For, Mr. Iledworth, Mr. Harley, Mr. Drummond, Mr.

.Thotnpfon, Sir John Barnard; And all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Surry and, JFills: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Moll noble William Duke of Portland, to grant building Leases of certain Messuages, Pieces and Parcels of Ground, in Soho Fields, in the County of dlej'er, for a further Term than he is impowered to grant by his Marriage Settlement, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harley, Mr. Hay, Mr. Compton, Sir Francis Child, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Knight, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Thompson, Sir Jof.Pennington, Sir John Barnard, Mr.

Drummond, Mr. Codrington, Mr. Mr. Gildart,

Mr. Ashe, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Henley, Mr. Brigadier Handafyd, Sir Geo. CafwDr. Cotes, Mr.

Jhend, Mr. Urquhart, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Mordaunt, Mr. Hooper, Lord Wallingford, Sir Thomas Clarke, Mr. Bramfion, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Digby, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Careio, Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Brajfey, Mr. Foley, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlejer, Surry, Bucks, and F.ffei: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange, agreed to be made between Thomas Holies, Duke of and

Sir MilesStapylton Baronet, of their settled Estates in the County of York-, and for settling the Lands, given in Exchange to each Party, to such Uses as the Lands, for

which

Hill Side Inclosure.

Duke of Portland’s Estate.

Dukt of

Newcastle’s

and Stapyl-ton’i Elutes.

3 40 16° Aprili 1739.

which the same are exchanged, flood settled; was read a second time.

Refolted, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Wilkinjon, Sir Jof , Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Pelham, Sir John Sir

Miles Stapylf on, Mr. Jezokes, Mr. Gregor}/, Mr. hend, Mr. Laicton, Mr. Sir lien. Lord

John Sackville, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Thompson, Mr. Croivlc, Mr. Finch, Lord Mr.

White, Mr. Plumplre, Mr. Mr. Hales, Mr. Gyb-

bon. Sir John Norris, Mr. Mr. Butler, Mr.

BrudenelI, Mr. Ingram, Sir John Mr. Trevor,

Sir JohnShelley, Sir Win.Gage, Mr. Mr. For, Mr.

HaiibutyWilliams, Mr. Mr. Monson, Sir

Thomas- Frank land, Mr. Herbert, Sir Wm. Lowther, Lord Euston, Lord Middlesex, Colonel Onjlvw, Colonel Pelham, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. HorJ'monden Turner, Mr. Whitmore, Mr Fane, Mr. Mr. Earle, Mr.

pole. Sir Richard Mill, Lord Palmerstone, Sir John Heath-cole, Mr. Edgcumbe-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Nottingham, Surry, and the

Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

St. Catherine Sir John Barnard reported from the Committee to

Colttman whom the Bill to enable the Parishioners of the Parish Church. $/Catherine Coleman, Fenchurch Street, in the City of London, to rebuild the Church of the said Parish, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk’s Table: "Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one-, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

ACIuufe was otfered, to be added to the Bill, directing, That an Annuity, mentioned in the Bill, payable in respect of the Premiles in the Podeflion o Hankins, shall continue subject to the Payment of another Annuity to Mary Jones, and her A digits:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill:

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Stephens’ Alt. Toion/hend presented to the House, according to

Medicines Order, a Bill for providing a Reward to Joanna Stephens, fortheStone, upon a proper Discovery to be made by her, for the Lie of the Publick, of her Method of preparing her Medicines for the Stone: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Inrolment An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act of Papiits for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Deed* ud Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant

Wills. Purchastrs, Devifces, and Lessees; was read a Second

time.

Resolvecl, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Knight, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Harley, Mr. Winnington, Mr. JFalker, Sir Roger Jhaigh, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Fane, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Crowle, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Henley, Mr. Townshend, Sir Thomas Clarke, Mr. lhtcks, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Jjeheup, Lord Robert Montagu, Mr Lord Gtenor chy, Mr. Carezo, Mr. OJbaldeston, Mr. Air.

Shuttleivorth, Sir Thomas Read, Sir Jof , Sir

Hen. Hoghton, Sir John Norris, Mr. Sir Bar-

nard, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Sir James Grant, Mr. Bras-

20

fey. General Wade, Mr. lledieorlh, Sir Geo. Sir

Wm. Courtenay, Mr. Hay, Mr. Compton, Mr. Air.

Hooper, Mr. Earle, Lord Wallingford, Lord Baltimore,

Air. Vere', and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe:,

And they are to mpet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

/ APctition of the Sugar Refiners in the City of London, Carrying and Partsadjacent, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That the Petitioners con- Jhnfvlmi'ies flantly give Employment to a great Number of Trades, to foreign such as Blacksmiths, Coppersmiths, Plumbers, Back- I’ans. makers, Bricklayers, Carpenters, Potters, Coopers, Tallow-chandlers, Stationers, and others, besides a great Number of menial Servants, who depend for their Subsistence on this Manufacture; and likewise consume very large Quantities of Coals, which pay a very considerable Duty to the Publick, as well as greatly increase the Navigation of this Kingdom: And that, for Three Years last part, the whole Produce of the Sugar Plantations have been taken off the Hands of the Proprietors, at very high Prices; and had the Importation of Sugars been much larger, they had not wanted Purchasers; for, notwithstanding the Importation of Sugars to the Port of London,the last Year, amounted to upwards of Sixty thousand Hogsheads, being, upon a Aledium, the usual Quantity annually imported for same Years palt, many Sugar-houses are now unemployed, for want of a sufficient Supply of Sugar at Alarket: And that, lliould the Bill, now depending in this House, for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Alanuiafture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies, directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, pal's into a Law, the Quantity of'Sugars imported into Great Britain will necessarily be much less; and conseqnently the Price of Sugars will be higher at the Expence of the Confnmers, and to the Dccrease of the Publick Revenue; and as the Prices of refined Sugar will advance in proportion to the Price of Alufcavados, it will occasion not only less Consumption of this Commodity, as well as of several other Commodities which pay Duties to the Crown, but will prevent the Exportation of any refined Sugars to foreign Countries, to the great Lois of the Nation, and of the Petitioners, and all others concerned in the manufacturing of Sugars in this Kingdom, by enabling Holland and Hamburgh, who are already supplied with Alufcavado Sugar cheaper than Great Britain, to be supplied still cheaper, and to supply every other Country in Europe, much cheaper than Great Britain will be able to do, with the Manufactory of refined Sugars: And that, by the Liberty alked, the Difference of Price between the Alarkets of Holland and Hamburgh and the Alarket of Great Britain will be so great, as that it will probably be a Temptation to the Running of manufactured Sugars into this Kingdom, to the farther great Lofsof the Petitioners in particular, as well as the Nation in general: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that the Bill may not pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Alerchants. and others, of the City of Chester, trading to the British Colonies in America, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That should the said Bill pass into a Law, it would be of the ntrnoft ill Consequence to the Petitioners, and others his Majesty’s trading Subjects in Great and a great

Destruction of Trade and Navigation in general: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said the Bill, if they think fit.

A Petition

12 Ge6. II.

26° Jprilis.

341

Wtminster A Petition of the honourable was pre-

Brklgt. fen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner finds, that, in the Bill lately brought into this House, to enlarge the Powers of the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the lliver from the fVool-

Jiaple, or thereabouts, in the Parish of St. Margaret, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry, foward3 finishing the said Bridge under their Care, and to remove all Doubts and Difficulties concerning their purchasing and disposing of Houses and Ground lying near to the Streets, Ways, and Passages, On each Side the River Thames, to and from the said Bridge; and also to enable them to make Ways and P&fiages to and from both Houses of Parliament, and the Courts of Justice; her House in tb White-

hall, is inserted, as necdfary to be pulled down, for mak- ing the intended Streets: And that the Petitioner, having obtained Grants from the Crown of the Ground whereon her said House is built, did lately, at a very great Expence, build the same for her own Habitation, and still resides therein: And that, the Petitioner conceives, the Parliament intends to give the Commissioners Power to; pull down such Houses only, as are of absoluteNeceffity, for making or enlarging the intended Streets: And that, as the Petitioner is advised, there is no such Neoeflity

Bill for the more effectual punishing and suppressing of Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons; and for t*he better Relief of Lunaticks and Foundling Children; was committed, that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him.to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,- in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to' the Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, except Three of them, which were disagreed to, with Amendments to 1‘ome of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of John Lloyd of Ryton, in the Bishoprick River Lee of Durham, Clerk, was presented to the House, and read; Navigation,

set t i ng forth, That several Disputesjiaving arisen between the Governor and Company of the New River and the Petitioner, touching the Right and Property of certain Lands, Ponds, and Premises, at or near in the County of Middlesex;and the Petitioner apprehending

himself to be greatly injured and oppressed by the said

for the Commissioners pulling down the Petitioners said F 1'im u ""a V aY‘

u r j .1 . .1 r 1 Governor and Company, he did, as he wasadvded, some

Hnnip ann that' Hip lump mat; np u;p Iptf ltanmnrr _ f v 1 . - '

Import and

Export of Wool.

House; and that the same may be well left Handing: And therefore praying. That she may be heard, by her Counsel, against the passing of the said Bill, lb far as it relates to the said Petitioner.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by her Counsel, upon her said Petition, before the said Committee, if Ihe thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,on behalf of themselves, and several

timefince, commence a Suit in his Majestys High Court of Chancery, against; the said Governor and Company, praying to be relieved touching the several Matters in the Petitioner’s Bill complained of; and that the said Suit is now depending in the said Court, between the Petitioner and the said Governor and Company: And that the Petitioner apprehends, and is advised. That, in case the Bill now depending in this House, for ascertaining, preserving, and improving, the Navigation of the River Lee, from the Town of Hertford to the Town of Ware, in the County of Hertford-, and for preserving and improving the said River, from the said Town of Ware to the City of London; and for enabling the Governor and Company of the New River the better to

. T . c n 1. , nr 1 supply the Cities of London and WestminRer, and the Su-

others concerned ,. l!« Import,on of Pelu and Wool d Liberties thereof. with good'and wholrfooie from /, rW to the Port of Cte/er, was presented to the w mou,d pase into . La'w, the fnterest and propert,

House, and read; representing to the House, That a ,f h. -re-Mvorrindieed «nd he hod

Duty is paid, both in Ireland and England, on all Pelts imported into Great Britain, which occasions the People

of Ireland often to pull the Wool there, and afterwards dress the Skins, and make Gloves thereof; which Gloves and Wool are frequently run, to the great Prejudice of the fair Trader: And that the Petitioners conceive, that if the said Duty on Pelts in Ireland and England were taken off, it would effectually prevent the pulling the Wool off the Pelts in Ireland, and be a very great Encouragement for them to import the same into England: And that the Petitioners do believe, if the said Duties were taken off, it would not any way be prejudicial to the Revenue of Great Britain, but rather an Increase of it, by the Duties paid for Leather, and for the Salt made use of in the curing the fame; which, in this Cafe, would be much larger, by reason of the greater Importation of Pelts: And that the greateft Part of Yarn imported into England from Ireland is landed at Bristol; and the principal Part of raw Wool, from the same Kingdom, is imported to Chester and and manufactured in

the Counties of York and to the great Sup-

port of the Poor of those Countries: And that the Petitioners are much afraid, if any Port be opened beyond the Land's End for the Importation of Wool from Ireland into England, the same will not only give a greater Opportunity to run the Wool to France, but be the Ruin of the poor Manufacturers in the said Counties of York and Lancaster: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and give the Petitioners such Relief therein as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Rogues, Va- Mr. Hay reported from the Committee, to whom the

gabeuds,fcc. Vot. 23.

of the Petitioner will be greatly prejudiced, and the said Suit, now depending between the Petitioner and the said Governor and Company, be thereby greatly -affected; and the Petitioner be thereby deprived of the Benefit he would be intitled unto: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That he may be heard; by his Counsel, again the said Bill, before the same pafles into a Law; or that the Petitioner may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-fiJeration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill:

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to prevent the Taking or Destroying of Fiffi or Game, by Bargemen, or Owners of Barges, navigating on the said River.

Then the House refdlved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clarke took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refomed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clarke reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

4 S And

Ditto.

342

z6° — 2 70 Aprilis. A- 1739.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V trier is, 270 die Aprilis;

Anno 1 a* Georgii IId| Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

N v r e O I R Francis Boynton reported from the Committee, lB®’ O to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Inclosiir*. An Act for making ufvisions, Inclosures, and Allotments, of the open Corn Fields, and Common Pasture, in the Lordship of Bewholm otherwise Bezcham, in the Parish of Nunkeeling,in the County of York; and f<3r settling

and establiiliing the Payment of a yearly Sum to the 1m-priators of tfaeReftory of A unkeeling aforesaid, and their Heirs, in lieu of Tythes arising within the said Lordship, pursuant to an Agreement between the said Impropriators and the Proprietors of the said Lands; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Chester, 4c. Mr. Digby reported from the Committee to whom the Roads. Bill for repairing so much of the great and main Road from Chester to the City of , as leads through Duns-

rnore Heath to the Town of Hill Morton, in the County of Warwick, and from thence through the several Parishes of Creek, West Haddon, and in the Count

of Northampton, to St.James's End, in the Parish of Duf-

ton, in the same County; was committed; and to whom the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the several Parishes of Dallington cum St. James's , Dufton cum St. James's End, Upton, Ilarpole, Kijlingbury, Bugbrook, Upper Heyford, Nether Heyford, and Floorc, in the County of Northampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and other principal Inhabitants of the Town of Northampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Town; were referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; wind) they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at. the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once readthrough-out; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question federally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House.

The following Amendment being proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Fol. J3. L. penult. To leave out the Word " Coals," Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed, with respect to the Amendment proposed.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-commitled to the same Committee.

Importation An ingrossed Bill for prohibiting the Importation of of printed Books re-printed Abroad, that were first coroposed or

written, and printed, in Great Britain; and for limiting the Prices of Books; was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 3. I. 27. After the Word " Lord," and before the Won! "Treasurer," to insert the Word "High And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the same was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That, the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for prohibiting the Importation of Books re-priuted Abroad, and fit'll coniposed or written, and

printed, in Great Britain-, and for limiting the Prices of Books.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Fox do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Bwnpto* granted by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign ’Bridg*. of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending ft03* the Highways leading from Brampton Bridge to Wolford Bridge. in the County of Northampton; and also the great Poll Road from Morlerpit Hill,in the said County, through Brixioorth, Lamport, Maiami Oxenden Magna, to Chain Bridge, leading into Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 3. L. 6. To leave out " and insert

* OJborn:"

L. 11. Leave out " Longhorn," and insert " Langham

Pr. 11. L. 30. After the First Word " of," to inlert these Words," Stone, called Harlestone Stone, for buildtug or:"

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Till* be. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending the Highways leaning from Brampton Bridge to Bridge, in the County of Northampton; and also the great Poll Road from Mortcrpit Hill, in the said County, through Brixworth, Lamport, Kelmarsh,

and Oxenden Magna, to Chain Bridge, leading into Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund 1/hamdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for the publick registering of all Deeds, Con- ge,;fterS of veyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances, that shall be Deeds, 4c. made of, or that may affect, any Honours, Manors,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within that Part of Great Britain called England, wherein publick Registers are not already appointed by Act of Parliament, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole I louse.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thurslay Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, refuined the adjourned Lawsrrfyea-Debateof Wednesdity the 18U1 Day of this iuitant April, ing tanned

upon the Amendment proposed to be made to the in- *-eaUMit. grofled Bill to obviate certain Doubts, which have arisen upon the Cooftruction of the Act, of the l'irft Year of the Reign of King William and Queen ,intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather:

And the Commissioners of the Excise attending, according to Order,

They, together with some of their Officers, were called in; and the said Commissioners were examined.

And then they withdrew.

The House was moved, That the 7th Section of an Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act to restrain the Exportation of Leather, and raw Hides, out of l he Realm of England, might be read:

And the same w as read accordingly.

And the Question being put, That the Words " the fame," being the Words which were proposed to be left out in Pr. 1. L. 35, in order to insert the Words " any Leather ’’ instead thereof, stand Part of the Bill;

It

343

Carrying

Sugars di-re&Iy from the Colonies to foreign Parts.

Supply.

Rogues,

Vagabonds,

&c*

River Lee Navigation.

I2 Geo. IL 27" — 30" Aprilis.

It was resolved in the Affirmative*

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pals;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.'

.t. , e v {The Lord Gallic ay, \ a

Tellers for the^eas,|^jr^ Richard Pitmen{

>t- 11 c *1 xt (The Lord Baltimore,) ,

Tellers for the Noes, . [ 58'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative. '

And that the Title be, An Act to obviate some Doubts which have arisen upon the Construction of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for explaining Part of

an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather; and for rendering more effectual a Clause in the said last mentioned Act, which obliges Curriers to curry Leather.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Gore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in , from the said

Colonies directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to relblve itfelfintoa Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee to whom the Billfoj* the more effectual punishing and Suppressing of Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons; and for the better Relief of Lunaticks and Foundling Children; was committed;

And the rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to di-reftin what Manner Soldiers, Mariners, Seafaring Men, or Persons going to work with lawful Testimonials or Certificates, or Persons travelling on their lawful Occasions, may, in Cafes of Distress, be conveyed:

And the said Clause was once read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the BiH.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednes day Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for ascertaining, preserving, and improving, the Navigation of the River Lee, from the Town of Hertford to the Town of Ware, in the County of Hertford; and for preserving and improving the said River from the said Town of Ware to the City of London; and for enabling the Governor and Company of the New River the better to supply the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, with good and wholesome Water.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Niue of the Clock.

Vol. 23.

Pailton

Inclosure.

say. Sir John Anjlruther, Mr. Hulkelt, Mr. ChesterfiVlJ’*

Captain Fall, Mr. Falconar, be added to the Committee Lllate. to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled,

An Act for dischargitig several Lands in Nofeley, in the County of Leicester, pu rchafed by the Executors of Philip Earl of Chesterfield, deceased, from the Uses and Limita-

tions contained in the Will of the said Earl; and for veiling the same Lands in Trustees,to be sold, and with the Money arising the reby, to purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses j is committed.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Langrfafe’s for Sale of Part of the Estate of Jordan Langdale Esquire, Estate.

in the County of York, for Payment of Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jof Pennington, Mr. Cornewall, Sir James Grant, Mr. Hooper,

Mr. Pollen, Mr. Earle, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Mr.

Iwngueville, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Fere, General Wade, Mr.

Codrington, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Thompson, Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Iinngerford, Sir Clayton, Mr.

Clavering, Mr. Lindefay; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Merchants of the Port of Lancaster, Carrying and others, trading to his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in Sugars di-America, was presented to the House, and read; setting Cd^ies forth, That in case the Bill now depending, for granting to foreign a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Parts. Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, shall pals into a Law, the Petitioners conceive it will be greatly dil'advantageous to the Persons concerned in the Trade and Navigation of Great Britain, by encouraging the Exportation of Sugars from the said Colonies to foreign Markets; and will greatly tend to the Decrease of the Manufactures of Great Britain, and hinder the Consumption of several Materials and Necessaries, the Pro-dust thereof: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that the said Bill may not pass into a I*aw.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ducarel’s for naturalizing Adrian Coltee Ducarel, was read a Nat. Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hooper,

Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Hay, Mr. Carew,

Mr. Hungerford, M r. Longueville, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr.

Glanville, Sir James Grant, Mr. Earle, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

Lord Wallingford, S\rRoger Bradjhaigh, Mr. Plumptre,

Mr. Fere, Mr. Lindefay, Mr. Drummond, Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr. Hales, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Pigol, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Knight, Mr. Clavering, Mr. Harley:

And

Lurtay 30° d;

Anno 12* Georgii II"1 Regis, 1739.

Pa a v KRS.

f\RDERED, That Sir Thom Mr. Tozonfield, Sir Thomas Aston, Dr. Cotes, Mr. Digby, Sir Roger Brad/haigh, Mr. Bold, Sir James Grant, Mr. worth, Mr. Daivkins, Mr. Blackett, Mr. Carezv, Mr. Lifer, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Gore, Mr. Knight, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inclosing Part of certain common Fields in the Township of Paillon, in the County of Warwick, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir JdmesGrant, Mr. Mr. Linde-

344 3°* Aprilis — i A. 1739*

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Colfeaion Mr. Robert Hucks reported from the Committee to °*Rate» w'hom the Bill for the more easy aflefiing, collecting, and *' levying, of County Hates, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto;-which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to, by the House.

And several Amendments were made, by the House,

to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

A Meffagefrom the Lords by Mr. Thursion and Mr.

Spicer:

Mr. Speaker, /

Shipton The Lords have paired a Bill, intituled, An Act for Moyne dividing and inclosing the Common Fields lying in the Inck>sure. Manor of Shipton Moyne, within the Pariftx of Shipton Moyne and Dovel, in the County common1-

1 y called the North and South common Fields: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Way* The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and Mean*. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Refobvcd, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee:

Carrying The Order of the Day being read, for the second Read-reaMrom *nS of the Bill for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, the Colonies of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his t» foreign Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in , from the said

Parts. Colonies, direct ly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law;

TheCounfel for and against the said Bill were called in: And the said Bill was read a Second time.

And the Petition of several Merchants, and others, of the City of London, concerned in Trade and Navigation, against the said Bill, was read:

And the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers, in the City of Bunder their common Seal, against the said Bill, was also read: .*

And the Counsel for the said Petitioners was heard, and examined a Witness:

And then the Counsel on both Sides was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mast is, iroo Maii;

Anno 12* Georgii ILp Regis, 1739. Prayers,

St Catherine \ N ingrossed Bill to enable the Parishioners of the Colemau 1 V Parish of St. Catherine Coleman, in Church. in the cf London,to rebuild the Church of the said Parish, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made the Bill; viz.

Press 7. L. 4. After the Word " his," to insert the Words " or their

Pr. 11. L. 8. After the Word "Contributor," to insert the Words "or Contributors:"

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: Aud the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of St.

Catherine Coleman, in Fenchurch-Jireet,in the City of

London, to rebuild the Church of the said Parish.

Ordered, That Sir John Barnard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Harley reported from the Committee to whom p.iito* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Inclosur*-. inclosing Part of certain common Fields, in the Town-Blip of Pailton, in the County of Warwick, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the famekto be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee haddirefted him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Digby reported from the Committee to whom the £hefter Bill for repairing so much of the great and main Road &c. from Chester to the City of London, as leads through Dunfmore Heath to the Town of Hill Morton, in the County of Warwick; and from thence through the several rariflies of Creek, West Haddon, and East Haddon, in the County of Northampton to St. James's End, in the Parish of Duston, in the same County; was recommitted; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the additional Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Wxlkinfon reported from the Committee to whom Inrolment of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Papiib-Deeds allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills and 1 *' made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees; was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A

Colonel Onslow reported from the Committeeto who,m Hounslow to the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by BafiugiUme an Act, passed in the l'irft Year of the Reign of his pre- Road, sent Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on HouujlnoHeatintheCounty

of Middlesex, to a Place called liajingstnear the Town

of Bagshot, in the Parish of WindUsham, in the County of Surrey, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr.

11 Geo. II. i® — a*

Bonds taken Mr. Glanville prefen ted to the House, according to «.*' Mittirr* of Order, a Bill to reftifv a Mistake in an Act, parted In the itups, sixth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, in*-til tiled. An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the publick Revenues of F.xcise, Customs, Stamp Duties, Pott Office, and House Money, with respect to the Condition of the Bonds to betaken from Matters of Ships by virtue of the said Act; and to indemnify such Persons as ina v have aft ed-under the said Mistake; and also to obviate a Doubt, that has arisen upon an Act, passed in the Seventh Yfear of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further preventing his Majesty’s Snbjefts from trading to the East Indies under foreign Commissions; and for encouraging and further securing the lawful Trade thereto; and for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of; with re-

gard to the summary Proceedings of the Commissioners or Sub-commissioners of Excise in Ireland, upon Prosecutions, for the fraudulent Importation of India Goods imported into the Kingdom of Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Wtflail’s Mr Pollen reported from the Committee to whom

liftate. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming certain Articles of Agreement between Edward Wejiall and his Wife, and Robert Corr, an Infant, and others; and to enable the said Robert Corr to perform a Contraft for Sale of certain Lands therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Coufent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Bell’* Mr. Laroche reported from the Committee to whom Name. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Bell Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Lane, and the Arms of James Lord Viscount Lancjborough, deceased, pursuant. to his Will, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had directed,him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table

P orurf, An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual Punishing Vagabonds, and Suppressing of Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle &c* and disorderly Persons; and for the better Relief of Lunaticks and Foundling Children; was read the Third

time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed so be made to the Bill;

Press 9. L. last. To leave out the Word " or," and to infer! after the Word " Town," the Words, " or " Place

Press 10. L. 7. After the Word as," to leave out the Word " Vagrants," and to insert the Words " Rogues and Vagabonds," instead thereof:

Press 13. L. 37. Leave out the Word " Fourth," and insert the Word " Ninth;" and leave out "June," and insert " September," instead thereof;

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was: amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual Punishing and Suppressing of Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thvrfon and Mr. Edwards:

Vol. 23.

Maii* 345

Mr. Speaker,.

The Lords, have passed a Bilk intituled, An Act to t)afliwood’s establish a Jointure on Dame Elizabeth Wife Jointure,

of Sir Jame* Dashwood Baronet; and for other Purposes

therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Merchants, and others, of the ToWn Carrying of Whitehaven, trading to the BritisliColonies in America, Sugars di-

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, [^'colonies That the Petitioners conceive, should the Bill, now de- to foreignJ pending before this House, for granting a Liberty to Parts, carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies, directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, pass into a Law, it will be very prejudicial to the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, by decreasing the Exportation of its Manufact ures: And therefore praying this House to take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Westminster solve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon the Bridge.

Bill toenlarge the Powers of the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the,

or thereabou ts, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry, towards finishing the said Bridge under their Care; and to remove all Doubts and Difficultiesconcerning their pnrehafing and disposing of Houses and Ground lying near to the Streets, Ways, and Passages, on each Side the River Thames, to and from the said Bridge; and also to enable them to make Ways and Passages to and from both Honfes of Parliament, and the Courts of Justice.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for enlarging the Time for exchanging of Tickets unclaimed in the Westminster Bridge Lottery; and for making Provision for Tickets in the said Lottery loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Sundon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Sundon reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel and Evidence upon the Petition to them referred of the honourable Jane Lowther; and had considered the said Petition; and had made a Progress in the Bill: And that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.'

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2* die Matt;

Anno 12* Georgii II" Regis, 1739.

Praters.

QENERAL Wade reported from the Committee to gatj, whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Roads, granted and given by Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other made in the Seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing, amending, ami enlarging, the Highways between the Top of Kings-doton Hill and the City of Bath; and also several Highways leading to and from the said City; and for deanfing,

4 T ’ paving.

1

l)a Hi wood's Jointure.

Suitors Money in Chancery.

Stephens' Medicines for the Stone.

Lear’s

Efhrte.

Charter House Litate.

346

tf'hfaii.

paving, and.’lightemng the Streets, and regulating the ' Chairmen there} and also for repairing several Highways leading from the Top of Oldalias Odd Down, to

Diuiker/on Bridgefrqitn the Top of Down,

alias Clarion Dozen, to jVerc Bridge, over Camber Brook -, and from Avon Bridge $0 the Globe Inn,. in the Parish of NezotonSaint Loe-, and for regulating a nightly Watch within the said City of Rath, and Liberties thereof; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Alle-gatjons-of the Bill, $md found the same,to be,true; and had gone through the Bjjl, and made several Amendments thereunto; which,they had,dire%!d him,to report to the House; and he read the Report ip his Place.; and after-, wards delivered thp Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table .- Where the Amendments w ere once read throughout; apd then a Second tjmp, one by one; and, upon the Qqeftion federally pul thereupon, One of them was dvifagreed tp, and the rest were, with Amendments to some of them. agreed to by the fioufe.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill, , . 1 j . _ ,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. 1

f j ....

.An ingrossed Bill,from the Lords, intituled, An Act toestablishaJointiire on Dame Wife of Sir J Cftie^Dq/Iwood Baronet;, and for other Purposes tlnerein mentioned; vyas read the First time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Qfdpred,.. T.ltaJ;, Leave be given ,to bring in.a, Bill tp aphorize and impower tin; High Coprt of Chancery to l.-\y.out up^n propqr Securities, any Moq ifs not exceeding a Sjum f-o; be limited.: pitt of the common end. general Call) iu.tl)e Bapk -ofjEj/g/fbfJouging^o the Suitors of the,laid Court,. for.^he hafepf the said, Suitors, by applying the IuterjeAgrifing the ?efrpm for answefing the , Charges of the-QUiee of (the Aepomptant General of the lahliCmirt:, And..that Mr* Attorney General, Mr. Spli-cjtpr Gen.qral, Mu* JyhnBroztmp,_N\x, Secretary at War,

Mr. Gybbon, and Mr. Hay,do prepare, and bring in,

the fame..., .,1 - . 1

A Bill for providing a Reyyard.;tp upon a propgr-Difenyeryi tp he xpade by her, for the Use of the Publick, of her, MethpdL9£i preparing her Medicines for tfce&tQne^ wfas read a Sepond time.

- A jMotjqn W*rM34&. and the Questiou being put, That.tJheBiU.w^Rmwtited!; . 1

/Hwr.HQUfe.dilfidqdi 1 h -: >:....

tThe Yeas wfenhfprtlg t,/ ;l>;.

- j '60-

So it was rcfQlved.ift the.Affi^tpti¥ef <,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee ofctheiWbdleiHQUfe;! 01 h

Resolved, That this Howfo will, J? ppn. Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House~upbrTthe said Bill.

A Message from the Lords; by Mr.1 and

Mr. Edwards: , 1 , I ’

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Eilat,e late of Sir John Lear Baronet, deceased, in the County of Devon, for Payment of his Debts t And for other Purposes therein mentioned :, To which the Lords defn e the Concurrence of this. House. Andalfo,

; The Lords-have pa/fed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Exchange of certain Lands in several Parish,es of Wroughton and LiddyardTrcagooze, in the County of

Wilts, between1 the Governors of the ITofpi^al, commonly raised the Charter House, and Thomas of Sal-

thorp, in the County of tVi Us,fc^uire'i To, which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.- And also. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable theafting Executors and TetWicntyry Guardians, named in the Will of EdzoardIFumog Jate of Pointvn,

in the County of Cfiester, Esquire, deceased,-by felling Part, and leafing other Parts, of his settled Estate, to raise Money for discharging the Incumbrances thereon; and to provide a suficient Maintenance for his Son, during his Minority, in Ease of ;m Eft ate, di reded to be , sold by the Will of John Warren Esqiure* deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence, of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew,

Mr. Winnington presented to the House, according to Order, a. Bill for rendering more effectual the Laws made for imposing Duties on all foreign Sugars, Panet-ls, Rum, Spirits, Melasses, and Syrups, imported into Great Britain, and his Majesty’s Plantations in America: And the , same was received.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Roads from the Town of Bafcewell, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Chef erfef, in the same County, to the Town of Workfopp, in the County of Nottinghamand from the Heaa or North End of a certain Street called Glew-mangate, in the Town of C aforesaid, to the Towrn of Mansfield,in the said County of;

was read the Third tjma

Resolved> 'That the^ Bill do pass: And that the Title

be. An Act for repairing the Roads from to

Chef erf eld, in the County and from

feldto. Workfopp^ in the County of Nottingham; and from Chhferfeld to the Place where the Northern Road

meets the Chef erfeld Road, which leads to in

the said County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That the Lord Charles Cavendish do carry , the BUI to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

, Th« Order of the j6ay being read, for the House to resolve itself into,aC9mmittee of* the whole House, to consider further of the Supply gyauted to his Majesty;

i^/u^d.Tljat thisHopfe will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself, into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill;fc|r ascertaining, preserving, and improving, the Navigation of the River Lee from the Town of Hertford to the Towjn of Ware, in th<xCoimty of 'Heri-Jpfd ‘, and for preserving and improving the said River from the said Town of Ware to the City of London; and ft>r enabling the Governor and Company of the AVre River the better to Supply the Cities of London and Wef -nuinster, and, the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, with good and wholesome Water; was read, and postponed.

The-other Orel* of the Day being read, for the House «to resolve itself into a Committee of the wholeGoufe, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty; '

' Rqfotved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.; ,

The postponed Order of the Day being read; .

The House resolved itself into a Committee of th? whole House, to ednfider further of the Bill/or afeerft^in-iu£, preserving, and Improving, the Navigation of th§ River Lee from the Town of, Hertford, to the Town.of Ware, in the County of Hertford; and, for preserving and improving the said River from the said Town of Ware to the City of London', and for enabling the Governor and Company of the Nezc River the Letter to supply the Cities of London and Westminsterand the Suburbs and

Liberties thereof, with good and wholesome Water. - Mr. Sneaker left the Chair.

Sir

\Varren’s

liiuie.

Duties 00 fereisru Sugars, &c.

Bakewell, &c- Hoads.

-Supply;

River Lee Navgat.on.

Wav* and Mean*,

River Lea Navigation;

n -

i4'Ge6. II.

347

concernedhad given their Conlent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Conmnittee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. - 1

Qr fared, That Mr. Winningto Mr. Thomas Archer,

1 M'r'.'Brereton, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Stephen Fox, Sir James

"Warten’« ' kJlule.

Sir Thomas Clarke took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clarke reported from the Committee,

Tl intthey had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move; That they may have Leave to lit again.1 1 '

Bejblved, That this House will, To-niorrow Mdfri- . ifaderecl, t hat Mr. Mr. Thomas Archer, Hill Sid«

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole' House, 1 M f.'BMr. Brudenell, Mr. Stephen Fox, Sir James ladofure, to eonfider further of the said Bill. '’Grant.Mr. Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr.

1 V Mr.'JlAcks. Mr. Laroche, Sir Robert Sir John

O'rtfered, That Mr. Winningtonhave Leave to maTtley FfargarilMr.Thomas, Tower, Mr. Mr.

a Motion, it. being near Four of the Clock: " Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Thomas Lord

And he moved the Hoirfc accordingly. And, ' " CdrYiaA'on, Mr. Lord Sidney Beau clerk. Sir

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,' Ah’Act Francis , Sir John Rumfden, Mr. Hampden, Mr.

to enable the aftirrg Executors, and Testamentary Guar- Longue Mr. Mr. Knight, Mr

dians, named in the Will of Edward Warren, late of Mr. Mr. Fane, be added to the Committee r

Poinlon,in the County of Chester, Esquire, deceased, by ‘to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An felling Part, and leafing other Parts, of his settled Eftatg, Act for inclosing Part of the Common or waste Grounds to raise Money for discharging the Incumbrances there- called;///// Side, otherwise Lambden Common, in the on, and to provide a suficient Maihtenance for hi^Son, 1/" during his Minority, in Eafeof an Ellate directed to be sold by the Will of John Warren, Esquire, deceased/ was read the First time.

llejblved, That the Bill be read- a- Seconcf time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Nine of the Clock. (

and Rum iin-nnd exported.

Manofand Parish of Odiham, and County ^Southampton, is committed. ‘

Mr. Hay reported from the Committee tt> whom the^Duky of ingrossed Bill'from the Lords, intituled, An Act for con- Newcastle’s sinning and establishing an Exchange agreed to be made fnd, between Thomas Holies Duke of Newcastle, and Sir Miles ns ae*’ Stapylton Baronet, of their Ibttfecf Estates,"in the County; of York; and for settling the Lands givpnin Exchange to each Party, to fqch Uses as the Lqqds for which the fame' are exchanged, flood settled; was’committed; That the Committee had examined the'AHe^ations of the- Bill, and' found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had gjiven their Confept to the I^ill, to the Satisfaction of the Committpe l and that the Compnittee had ftireftol him to report the Bilbto the H.oul^ without.any^menq-j,

meat: A*nd He delivered the Bill Inf 'af.t^e* Cfefk*$ Tabl*> -

; . , 1; V Mr I . ‘

» f

Mr. Harley reported from the Committee to whom

Jovis> ° die Mail;

Anno 12° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1739.

Prayers;

THE House being, informed, That Mr. Oxenford,

from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented tothq the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to House, pursuant to their Order, enable the Moll, noble I Filiiam Duke oi'Portland to grant

The Return of the Commissioners of lie Customs to building Leases of certain Messuages, Pieces apd Parcels an Order of the House, of the 6 th Dtiy of April'la, ft: of Ground, in in the County of MiddlrP.-r,

together with, for a further Term than fie is1 injpQ'ysTcd to grant, by (bjs

An Account of the Quantity of raw and clayed Sugars - Marriage Settlement, was committed, That the Com* imported into, and exporledfrom, England,from Chrifi- mittee had examined, the Allegations of the Bill, and

mas 1708 to Christmas 1.737; distjnguilhiqg eaqh Year, found the same to be true; and that the Parties conceru-

tlle Quantity imported from each Colony, and the Places od had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction exported to: And also,'

An Account of the Quantity of refined Sugar exported from England, from Christmas 1708, to Christmas

1737; distinguishing each Year, and to what Places exported: And also,

The Return of the Commissioners of the Customs to an Order of the House, of the 19th Day of April Iqft: together with

Duke of Portland’s Estate.

>d had given their C’onient to the Bill, iy tjh,e, Sotisfaclio of the Committee; and that Coipmj.ttegliaa dir^cled him to report the Bjll to the Hoi,ife, v\ithoutany Amendment: And he delivered the BjU in at the vfork’s Table.

An ingrossed Bjll from the.Lords, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, lying in the Manor of Moyne, within the Parish of Ship'

in the County of com-

An Account of what Quantity of Rum has been ijp- jnonly called the North and Sotith Common Fields, yras ported from any of the llritijtiSugar Iflancfs.ip.to Eng- sea,tl the Fiijfttime.

Shipton

Moyne

Inclosure.

land,from Midfummzr 1735 to 17^8; <jlif-

tinguishing each Year, and each Island.

And thep he withdrew. ~ t . ’

And the"laid Returns were read.

Ordered, That the said Returns and A^coqgts do lie upon the Table, to be perused-by the MtmbQrs of the iloufe. _ . v '\r

The said Returns and Recounts are hfilioj-V^p. with tlye other Papers of this Session. , j . '

Earl nf Mr. Carmichaell reported from the Committee to

That the Bill be read a Second tinjte.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, for iucloling Part of certain Common Fieid* in the Tqwiuk i p, pjji Padtoft, in the Cquqty was

rejylthe.Third fiine-.. ... , . }

! SeMfad, Th^it tu^Bilj phi’s.-n

'Orfa^ej, That Mr. Harley fa qqrry the-^ijl to the Xqpi^qan^int^etiv. T|iat.t|)is Hqtife hath agreed to the lame, without any Amqpdijttfiiit.

Pailton

Inclosure.

-Chdieriidci’* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords,' ihtijth|pd, An -.^ningrqflTgd'RjR from thp Lords, intituled, An Act

ihuitue.

Act for discharging several Lands in ' Nofeley, iq ,the forcppljr/ning pprtaiu Artiples of, Agrderoent between County of Leicester, purchased by the KpciUqirs of and and Robert. Cqtr, an In-

Philip Earl of Chesterfield, deceased, froth'Hie TTjfeV, ajid ^nd ^tfiers; and to enable the said Boher/ Corr to

Westall'*

liliat*.

Limitations contained in the Will of the said Earl, and for veiling the same Lands in Trustees, to be sold, and, with the Money arising the reby, to purchasieother Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the B^J, and found the same to be true, and that the Parties Vol. ^3.

perform fi. Contract, for Sale of certain Lands therein mentioned; was read the I hird tiine. t*. Jfajolved, That the B.U do pash:

Ordered, That Mr. Pollen do carry the Bill to the and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Aa

348 3° — 4° 1739.

Honnflow to An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers ^*road°,e Prante(^ by an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounslow in

the County of Middlefeto a Place called,

near the Town of Bag/hotin the Parish of Windlejkamt in the County of Surreywas read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called near the Town

of Bag/hot, in the Parish of Windlesham, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Colonel Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to River Lee resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Navigation, consider further of the Bill for ascertaining, preserving, and improving the Navigation of the River Lee from the Town of Hertford to the Town of Ware, in the County of Hertford', and for preserving and improving the said River from the said Town of Ware to the City of;

and for enabling the Governor and Company of the New River the better to supply the Cities of Ixmdon and Westminster, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, with good and wholesome Water; be now read;

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Acts re- A Bill for explaining and amending an Art, made

lating to in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King Richard the

being Jaf- Second, intituled. No Man of Law shall be Justice of

tices'of Assize or Goal Delivery in his own Country; and an-Aflisein other Art, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign

their own King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Art that none

uun let. ^a]j bg justice Gf Assize in his own Country, tic.; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

1

Settling An- Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the niuiti"on House, That he had a Message from his Majesty to this Cumberland House, signed by his Majesty: And be presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker, all the Members being uncovered; and is as follows;

GEORGE R.

His Majesty being restrained by the Laws now in being from making rrovision for his younger Children, out of the Hereditary Revenues of the Crown, in such manner as his Royal Predecessors have usually done; and being desirous, That competent Provisions may be made for the honourable Support and Maintenance of his dearly beloved Son the Duke of Cumberland, and of his dearly beloved Daughters the Four young Princesses, his Majesty hopes. That he shall be enabled, by Art of Parliament, to grant an Annuity of Fifteen thousand Pounds per Annum to the Duke of Cumberland, and his Issue, and an Annuity of Twenty-four thousand Pounds per Annum to the Four Prince lies; to take effert after his Demise: And recommends the Consideration thereof to this House.

Ditto. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling his Majesty to settle on his Royal.Highness the Duke of Cumberland, and his Mue, an Annuity of Fifteen thousand Pounds per Annum; and also to settle on their Royal Highnesses the Princesses Amelia, Caroline, Mary, and Lout fa. One other Annuity of Twenty-four thousand Pounds per Annum: And that Mr. Pelham, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Dodington, the Lord Sundon, Mr. Mr.

Earle, Mr. Attorn^ General Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Edtoard Walpole, and Mr. Francis Fane, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Importation A Bill for taking off the Duties upon Woollen and Bay

awl Expor- Yarn imported from Ireland to ;and for the

Wool of effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great 00 ' Britain, and of Wool, and Wool manufactured, from Ireland, to foreign Parts; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

11 rjblved. That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Registering to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Deed*, upon the Bill for the publick Registering of all Deeds, &c* Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may assert any Honors, Manors,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within that Part of Great Britain ctdledFngland, wherein publick Registers are not already appointed by Art of Parliament.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to explain and make more effectual the several Arts passed for Registering of Deeds, Conveyances,

Wills, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may assert, any Honors, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the East, West, or North Ridings of the County of York.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephen Fox took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair/

Mr. Stephen Fox reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was direrted by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to flt again.

Resolvedffh&t this Housewill, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vi eneris, 40 die Maii;

Anno i2* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1739-Prayers.

THE House being informed. That Mr. Carkejfe, Se- Rum &c> cretary to the Commissioners of the Customs, at- imported tended at the Door; '>"> America

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the fro Jamai‘ House. ’

The Return of the Commissioners of the Customs to an Order of the House, of the 6th Day of April last: together with

An Account of the Quantity of Rum, Sugar, and Melasses, which have been imported into his Majesty’s Northern Colonies in America, from Jamaica, Barbadoes, and th t LeewardIfands, for Two Years; distingu idling

each Year, each Colony, and each Island.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Return was read.

Ordered, That the said Return and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Return and Account are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Art Newcastle’* for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed to and Stapyl-

ton’s Eitatei.

12 Geo. II. 40 Mail 349

be made between Thomas HollesThike of Neuxajlle, and Sir Miles Slapyllon Baronet, of their settled Estates, in the County of York; and for settling the Lands, given in Exchange to each Party, to such Uses as the Lands, forwhich the same are exchanged, flood settled j was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Duke of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Portland’s to enable the most Noble William Duke of Portland to Mate, grant building Leases of certain Messuages, Pieces and Parcels of Ground, in Soho Fields, in the County of Middlesex, for a further Term than he is impowered to grant by his Marriage Settlement, was read the Third time.

Resolved', That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Earl of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ChesterBeld’s for discharging several Lands in in the County

Estate. Gf Leicester, purchased by the Executors of Philip Earl of Chejierfeld,deceased, for the Uses and Limitations

contained in the Will of the said Earl; and for veiling the same Lands in Trustees, to be sold, and, with the Money arising the reby, to purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Carmichaell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

gard to the summary Proceedings of the Commissioners or Sub Commissioners of Excise in upon Prose-

cutions for the fraudulent Importation of India Goods into the Kingdom of Ireland-, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this Heuse will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for the more easy afiefling, collet ing, CoIleAion and levying, of County Rates, was read the Third time, of County The Amendments following were severally proposed ate*' c* to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 8. L. 20. After the Word " City," to insert the Words'* Riding, Division

Pr. 10. L. 35. After the Word City," to insert the Words* Riding or Division,

Pr. 12. L. 25. After the'Word "City," to insert the

Words "Riding or Division

Pr.13. L. 13. After the Word "City*" to insert the Words " Riding or Division

Pr. 15; L. 15. After the Word "City," to insert the Words " Riding or Division And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more easy alTefling, collecting, and levying of County Rates.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Hucks do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

XangdaVs Ordered, That Lord Gage, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Seymour, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Compton, Sir John Ramsden, be added to the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Jordan Langdale Esquire, in the County of York, for Payment of Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame, is committed.

Suitors Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, ac-Mouey in cording to Order, a Bill to authorize and impower the Chancery. High Court of Chancery to lay out, upon proper Securities, any Monies, not exceeding a Sum to be limited, out of the common and general Cash in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, for the Ease of the said Suitors, by applying the Interest arising therefrom for answering the Charges of the Office of- the Accomptant General of the said Ccurt: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Duties on A Bill for rendering more effectual the Laws made for

Su °arag&c *mP°^nff Duties on all foreign Sugars, Paueels, Rum, ugars, c. §pjrjts^ Melasses, and Syrups, imported into Great Britain, and his Majesty’s Plantations in America, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill.be read a Second time.

Bond* taken A Bill to rectify a Mistake in an Act, passed in the 6th of Matters of Year of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled. Ships, &c. An Act for preventingFrauds and Abuses in the publick Revenues of Excise, Customs, Stamp Duties, Pod Office, and House Money, with respect to the Condition of the Bonds to be taken from Mailers of Ships, by virtue of the said Act; and to indemnify such persons as may have acted under the said Mistake; and also to obviate a Doubt which has arisen upon an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further preventing his Majesty’s Suhjefts from trading to the East Indies under foreign Commissions; and for encouraging and farther securing the lawful Trade thereto; and for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet j with re-

Voi.. 23.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thursiqn and Mr.

Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Duke of enable Edward Duke of Norfolk togrant building Leases, Norfolk’s

for Ninety-ninC Years, of all or any Part of his Lands, in or near the Township of Sheffield, in the County of York: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Earl discharging Part of the settled Estate of William Earl Cowptt»s Coioper, in the County of Hertford, from the Uses and Estate* Limitations of a former Settlement; and for settling and securing an Equivalent for the same to the like Uses: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.,

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Inrolment for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and ^[PaPl,is, Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Pur- wills! and chafers, Devisees, and Lessees; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Recovery of the more easy and effectual Recovery of small Debts: Small Debt#* Aud that Mr. HungerforcL, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Earle,

and Mr. Carew, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The Order of the Day being read j

The Counsel for and against the Bill for granting a Carrying Su-Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or gars directly Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in

America, from the said Colonies directly to foreign Parts, part^ in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, were called in:

And the Counsel for the Bill were heard; and examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, and went through their Evidence:

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

4 U

35°

4° — 7° Maii. A. 1739.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. have Leave to make a

Motion, it being after Six of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

Chart*r An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act House Estate. for the Exchange of certain Lands in the several Parishes of Wrought on and Liddyar in the County of

Wilis, between the Governors of the Hospital commonly called the Charter House, and Thomas Denet of in the said County of Esquire, was read the First

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. PapiUon have Leave to make a Motion. '

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

Earl An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cowper’s for discharging Part of the settled Estate of William Earl Estate. Cowper, in the County of from the Uses and

Limitations of a former Settlement; and for settling and securing an Equivalent for the same to the like Uses; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

Lear’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate., for sa|e Qf part Gf the Estate late of Sir John Lear Ba-'ronet, deceased, in the County of Devon, for Payment of his Debts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Dafliwood’* establish a Jointure on Dame Elizabeth Wife J«">ture-

of Sir James Dashwood Baronet, and for other Purposes

therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Winning ton, Mr. Gore, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr. Walker, Sit John Turner, Mr. Selwyn,

Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr. Thomas Archer, Mr. Hen.

Archer, Mr. Toionjhend, Sir Francis BoyntonMr. Hunger -ford, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Sir

Bunbury, Mr Carew, S\rThomas Hales, Mr. Knight, Mr.

Crowle, Mr. Talbot, Lord Fere Beauclerk, Mr. Leheup,

Mr. Fox, Mr. Rowney, Sir James Grant, Mr. Campbell-,

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oj ford and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Pelham presented to the House, according to Or- Settling An-der, a Bill to enable his Majesty to settle an Annuity on n jties on the his Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, and his of,

Iffiie; and also One other Annuity on their Royal High- eran ’

nefies the Princess Amelia, the Princess Caroline, the Priricefs Mary, and the Princess Louisa: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 70 dMaii\

Anno 12# Georgii IIdi Regis, 1739.

!P it a Y e a s.

Langdale’s Q I R Joseph Pennington reported from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intitu1* led, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Jordan iMngdale Esquire, in the County of York, for Payment of Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Duke of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Norfolk’s to enable Edward Duke of Norfolk to grant building Leases, for Ninety-nine Years, of all or any Part of his Lands in or near the Township of Sheffield, in the County of York, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Bath Mr. Came reported from the Committee to whom the

Hospital. Bill for erecting and establishing an Hospital or Infirmary within the Ciry of Bath, in the County of Somerset, for the Relief of poor Persons resorting to the said City for the Benefit of the Mineral Waters there; for incorporating the Trustees; and for the better Management and Disposition of the Charities already given, or to be given, for the Support and Maintenance of the said Hospital or Infirmary; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the *7

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Warren’t to enable the acting Executors and Testamentary Etiate* Guardians named in the Will of Edward Warren, late of Poinion,in the County oiCheJler, Esquire, deceased, by felling Part, and leafing other Parts, of his settled Estate, to raise Money, for discharging the Incumbrances thereon, and to provide a sufficient Maintenance for his Son, during his Minority, in Ease of an Estate directed to be sold by the Will of John Warren Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Winning ton, Colonel Cholmondeley, Mr. Earle, Mr. Finch,

Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Sc rope, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Fane, Mr.

Thompson, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Morden, Mr. Walpole,

Mr. Owen, Sir John Turner, Mr. Came, Mr. Townshend,

Brigadier Handafyd, Mr. Byng, Mr. Harley, Mr. Solici-for.General, Mr. Pollen, Mr St.John, Mr. Mr. Trevor, Mr. Drummond, Sir James Grant, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Chr. Powell, Mr.

Legh Master, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Archer, Mr. Tower, Mr.

Longueville, Sir Francis Boynton, Sir Bunbury, Sir

John Cope, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Hay, Captain Toionjhend, Captain Owen, Mr. Burchett, Mr. Corbett,

Lord Tyrconnel, Mr. Brereton, Mr. White, S\r JoJ. Pennington, Sir Hen. Gough, Mr. Kinafi Colonel Bladen, Dr. Coles, Sir Thomas Clarke, Mr. Hales-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester and Lan-casier: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Westminster resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Bnt,*e consider further of the Bill to enlarge the Powers of the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Woolflaple, or thereabouts, in the Pa-rilli of St. Margaret, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry, towards finishing the said Bridge under their Care; and to remove all Doubts and Difficulties concerning their Purchasing and Dispofing ofHouses and Ground lyingnear to the Streets,

Ways, and Passages. on each Side the River Thames, to and from the said Bridge; and also to enable them to

make

12 Geo. II.

7° — 8* Mail

351

supply.

Ways juid Means.

Carrying Sugars directly from the Colonies to foreign Parts.

make Ways and Passages to and from both Houses of Parliament, and the Courts of Justice;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, rel'olve itfelfinto the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-. ing next, resolve itfelfinto the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;.

The Counsel for and against the Bill for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, were called in:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners against the said Bill, upon the Petition of several Merchants, and others, of the City of London, concerned in Trade and Navigation; and also upon the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchant Adventurers in the City of under their

common Seal; was heard by way of Reply:

And the 5th Section of an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Trade, was read: And the Tranllation of the French King’s Arret of the 27th of January 1726, as printed in a Book, intitu-

led, The Trade and Navigation of Great Britain considered, relating to the direct Exportation of Sugars from the French Illauds in America, to the Ports of Spain, was also read: 1

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners examined a Witness, in Contradiction to Part of the Testirnony of a Witness examined by the Counsel for the said Bill:

And then the Counsel for and against the said Bill were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas fSir lelleis lor the ieas,^Mr:

Tellers for the Noes ^Sir Abraham Elton, \ tellers lor the ^oes>£\jr> Brereton: \ 9*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

] 76*

Ducarel’s

Nat.

Martis, 8° Maii;

Anno 12* Georgii II" Regis, 1739. Praters.

MR. Hooper reported from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Adrian Collet Ducarel, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill Vot. 23.

to the House, without any Amendment: Arid he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and given by Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other made in the Seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing, amending, and enlarging, the Highways between the Top of Kingsdown Hill and the City of Bath; and also

several Highways leading to and from the said City; and for cleansing, paving, and lightening, the Streets, and regulating the Chairmen there; and also for repairing several Highways leading from the Top of Old Down, alias Odd Down, to Dunkerton Bridge, from the Top of Claverton Down, alias Clarion Down, to New Bridge, over Camber; and from Avon

Bridge to the Globe Inn, in the Parish of Newton St. Loe; and for regulating a nightly Watch within the said City of Bath, and Liberties thereof: was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Prel's 5. L. 22. After the Word " whereof," to insert the Words " Six or more shall be of the said Counties " of Somerset, Wilts, and Gloucester, and:"

Press 12. L. 19. After the Word "that," to leave out the Word " all," and to insert the Word such," instead thereof:

L. 21. After the Word " Parliament," to insert the Words " as stall be allowed by the said Coirtmissioners, or any Seven or more of them, as aforesaid:".

Press 27. L. 15. To leave out the Word " nor:"

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the.Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, One made in the*Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing and enlarging the Highways between the Top of Kingsdown Hili and the City of Bath; and for amending several other Highways leading to the said City; and for cleansing, paving, and enlightening, the Streets, and regulating the Chairmen there; and for keeping a regular nightly Watch within the said City and Liberties thereof.

Ordered, That General Wade do carry the Bill ti> the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Pollen reported from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inclosing Part of a Common or Waste Grounds called

HillSide,otherwise Lambden Common, in the Manor and Parish of Odiham, in the County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committed had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 1. L. 23. Leave out the Word " Two," and insert the Word " Eight:"

Pr. 5. L. 2. Before the Word "Saving," insert Clauses A and B:

Clause A, " And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That, as a further Recompence to the " said Freeholders and Commoners, for such Part of the " said Common called Hill Side, otherwise Lambden " Common, so to be inclosed as aforesaid, he the said " Pawlett St. John, his Heirs, and Assigns, Owners for " the Time being, of such Part of the said Common so " to be inclosed as aforesaid, Ikall and will, from and after

Bath

Roads.

Hill Sid.

Inclosure.

'Earl

Cowper's

Estate.

35 a 8 0 Ma . 1739.

" after the said 44th Day of 1739, at their own " proper Expence and Charge, from time to time, " amend and keep in Repair the said Lawns or Ways, " so to be left Ninety Feet wide iis aforesaid, and each of " them, and therefrom discharge the several Inhabitants of the Tithing of HillSide and the Farish of Odiham " aforesaid

Claul'e B, "Provided always, and it is hereby further " enabled and declared, That if the said Freeholders and " Commoners, or Two Parts in Three of them in Number and Value of Estates, by virtue whereof their Rights of Common accrue, shall judge it morefor their " Benefit and Advantage to have the several Closes and " Parcels of Land herein after mentioned, belonging to " the said Pawlett St. John, laid open for the feeding and

" depalluring their Cattle thereon, and to ufethe feme as " common or Wade Ground, then that the several Mat- tersand Things contained in thefeid Agreement, and " herein after mentioned, (liould be done and performed " by the said Pawlelt St. John and the said Freeholders " and Commoners who have executed the said Agreement, or Two Parts in Three of them in Number and " Value of Estates, by virtue whereof their Rights of " Common accrue, shall, on or before the 29th Day of " September 1739, signify to the said St. John*

" [and the said Freeholders and Commoners who have " executed the said Agreement, or Two Parts in Three " of them in Number and Value of Estates, by virtue. " whereof their Rights of Common accrue, shall, on or " before the 29th Day of September 17 39, signify to the " said Paiolett St. John], his Heirs or Assigns, by any " Writing, under their Hands and Seals, such their " Option and Preference thereof; that then the said " Pawlett St. John, his Heirs, or Assigns, shall, in lieu " thereof, lay open all those Fourteen Closes or Parcels *' of Land, called Berryhorn Farm, situate in Odiham " aforesaid (except the Messuage, or Tenement, Barn, " Stable, Orchard, and Courtilage thereunto belonging, " now in the Tenure or Occupation of William Rivers, " or his ATsigns), for the Feeding or depasturing of the Cattle of all such Freeholders and others, whb have, " or shall or may have. Right of Common on the said " Common called Hill Side, otherwise Lambden << won , and to be used and enjoyed by them as Common or Waste Ground of the said Manor, with such " Privileges as the present Freeholders and Commoners " have now Right to use and exercise in or upon that " Part of Hill Side otherwise Lambden Common, intended to be inclosed as aforesaid, and not otherwise: " And that then, and from thenceforth, so much of the " said Agreement as relates to the Parting and Separating of Odiham Common from Common, and

" allowing Timber for keeping the Polls and Rails, to " be set up for that Purpose, in Repair, and all other i‘ Matters and Things in the said Agreement contained, " and not in this Act before specified or mentioned, " (hah cease and be void; and the said Pawlett St. John, " his Heirs and Assigns, shall not be obliged or compeL " lable to make such Separation of the said Commons,

" or allow Timber for repairing such Pods or Rails, as " aforesaid, or to do, pay, or perform, any other Matter " or Thing in the said Agreement contained, and not " in this Act before specified and mentioned; any thing " herein before contained to the contrary not withHanding

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging Part of the settled Estate of William Earl Cowper, in the County of Hertford, from the LJfes and Limitations of a former Settlement; and for settling and securing an Equivalent for the fame, to the like Uses; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Robert Hucks, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Franc Mr. hend, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Laroche, Mr.

[Sic Qrig.]

Tower, Mr. Thomas Archer, Mr. Henry Archer, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Pollen, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Lindefay, Sir Grosvenor,

Mr. Tracy, Mr. Gore, Mr. Corneioall Mr. Fane, Mr.

Lyles, Mr. Longueville, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir Edmund

Isham, Nlr. Plumer, Mr Taylor, Sir Francis Child, Sir

Wm. Heathcote, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Carew, Sir Jamei

Grant, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir John Cope, Sir

Clayton, Sir Geo. Ca/ioall, Sir Thomas Clarke, Dr. Coles,

Mr. Kent, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Hooper, Sir Pennington-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Kent, and the Cinque Ports:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lear’s for Sale of Part of the Estate, late of Sir John Lear Baronet, deceased, in the County of Devon, for Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carew,

Mr. Lindefay, Mr. Robert Hucks, Mr. Papillon, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr.

Corneioall, Mr. Fane, Mr. Eyles, Mr. Longueville, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Thomas Archer, Mr. Henry Archer,

Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Taylor, Sir Francis Child, Sir Wm.Heathcote, Mr. Vyner, Si r James GSir nael Curzon, Sir John Cope, Mr. Harley, Mr. Seluyn,

Mr. Knight, Mr. Henry Fox, Mr. Mr. Gian-

vilte. Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Hungerford-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Oxford, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Shipton for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, lying in Moyne the Manor of Shipton Moyne, within the Parilli of Shipton Inc*0,ure* Moyne and Dovel, in the County of Gbucester, commonly called the North and South Common Fields, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Carew, Sir Jof Pennington, Mr.

Dr. Cotes, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Roivney, Mr. Knight,

Sir Wm. Heathcote, Mr. Eyles, Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr. ner, General Churchill, Mr. Pelham, Sir Wm. Clayton,

Mr. Hungerford, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Carmichael,

Mr. Horfmonden Turner, Colonel Onjloxo, Mr. Archer,

Mr. Finch, Sir John Peachy, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Hay, Mr.

Gybbon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Setiling An* Reading of the Bill to enable his Majesty to settle an An- nuit'es «n nuity on his Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, Cumberland, and his Blue: and also one other Annuity 911 their Royal tcc. Highnesses the Princess^wd/a, the Princess Caroline, the Princess Mary, and the Princess Louisa -, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly j The said Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rejbtved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, refotve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to authorize and impower the High Court of Suitor* Chancery to lay out, upon proper Securities, any Me- Money in nies, not exceeding a Sum to be limited, out of the Chancery, common and general Cash in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, for the Ease of the said Suitors, by applying the Interoft nriling therefrom for answering the Charges of the Office of the Accomptant General of the said Court, was read a Second time.

Resolved

12 Geo. II. 8° —

Rest.rived, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole Ilonfe.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Stephens’ The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Medicines Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for pro-f»r the Stone. vi,]j|,g a Reward to Joanna , upon a proper Dif-

novery to be made by her, for the Use of the Publick, of her Method of preparing her Medicines for the Stone.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Ame'nd-ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Orderly That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Arts relating The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a to Persons Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill forexplain-ticnof Assize ’no anc^ amending an Act, made in the Eighth Year of in their own the Reign of King Richard the Second, intituled. No Counties. Man of Law shall be a Justice of Assize or Gaol Delivery in his own Country; and another Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act that none shall be Justice of Assize in his own Country.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. IVi‘nningtontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whittington, reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

'Bonds taken The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a

of lda(Ursof Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to rectify a Ships, kc. M iftake inan Act, passed in the Sixth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for preveDt-ingFraudsand Abuses in the publick Revenues of Excise, Customs, Stamp Duties, Poll Office, and House Money, with respect to the Condition of the Bonds to be taken from Mailers of Ships, by virtue of the said Act; and to indemnify such Persons as may have acted under the said Mistake; and also to obviate a Doubt which has arisen upon an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further preventing his Majesty’sSubjects from trading to the East Indies under foreign Commissions; and for encouraging and further securing thelawfulTrade thereto; and for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Jlle of Thanet; with regard to the summary Proceedings of the Commissioners or Sub Commissioners of Excise in Ireland upon Prosecutions for the fraudulent Importation of East India Goods into the Kingdom of Ireland.

'Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Glanvilletook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Glanville reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow , Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Weiminster The House resolved itself into a Committee of the ®rid*e‘ whole House, to consider further of the Bill to enlarge the Powers of the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Woolstaple, or thereabouts, intheParilhof St, Margaret, in the City of WeJl-

Voi.. 2*

i° Mail. 35 3

minftet;,to the oppositfe Shore in the County of , towards finishing the said Bridge under their Care; and to remove all Doubts iind Difficulties concerning their purehaling and disposing of Houses Und Grounds lying near to the Streets, Ways, and Paltages, on each Side the River Thames to and from the said Bridge; and also to enable them to make Ways and Passages to and from both Houses of Parliament, and the Courts of Justice.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Sundon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Sundon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 90 dieMati;

Anno 12* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Langdde’a for Sale of Part of the Ellate of Jordan Lnate.

Esquire, in the County of York, for Payment of Debts and Incumbrances aiTcfting the fame, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Pennington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Montrose, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for *c. Writ, electing a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Montrose, Aberdeen.

Brechin, Aberbrothock, and Inverbervie, in the room of Brigadier General John Midleton, deceased.

Mr. Glanville, according to Order, reported from the Bond* taken Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to of Matters of rectify a Mistake in an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of 5h, Ps» &c-his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the publick Revenues of Excise, Customs, Stamp Duties, Poll Office, and House Money, with respect to the Condition of the Bopds to be taken from Mailers of Ships by virtue of the said Act: and to indemnify such Persons as may haye acted under the said Mistake; and also to obviate a Doubt which has arisen upon an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further preventing h\s Majesty’s Subjects from trading to the East Indies under foreign Commissions; and forencouragingand further securing thelawful Trade thereto; and for further regulating the Pilots of Dover,

Deal, and the Ille'of Thanet-, with regard to the summary Proceedings of the Commissioners or Sub Commissioners, of Excise in Ireland, upon Prosecutions for the fraudulent Importation of East India Goods into the Kingdom of Ireland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the BUI.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

4 X A Petition

354. 9° Menu' 1739*;

jj.er Lee A Petition of Charles Wak Jones Esquire, in behalf Navigation, of himself, and the rest of the Owners of Mills lying on the River Lee,was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, among many others, is Owner of a certain Mill, called Waltham Corn-Mill, which hath been, Time out of Mind, tiled as such, and is situated on the said River Lee; and that the Petitioner apprehends, and is advised, That if the Bill for ascertaining, preferring, and improving, the Navigation of the River Lee should pass into a Law, the Petitioner will be greatly detrimented in his Property, in working his said Mill, by the great Quantity of Water allowed, by the said Bill, to the New River Company: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration; and to admit. . to be heard again!! the said Bill, before it pafies into a Law; or to grant him such other Relief as the House shall think fit.

Ditto. A Pet it ion of the R ight honourable Henry Hare, Baron

of Coleraine, in the Kingdom of , and John Wal-

ton of Waltham Ahby, in the County of Essex, Gentleman, wasalfo presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners now are, and the Persons under whom they respectively claim have been, Time out of Mind, intitJed to Two Mills in the Pari (lies of Tottenham and Waltham Ahby, in the Counties of and Essex, upon a Branch or Part of the River Lee, which. Time out of Mind, have been supplied with, and worked by. Water issuing out of the said River; and that the Petitioners apprehend, and are advised. That, in case the said Bill, now depending in this House, should pass into a Law, the Petitioners will sustain great Loss, Damage and Hindrance, in the using and working of their Mills, by reason of the great Quantity of Water the Governor and Company of the New River are, by the said Bill* tntitled to take out of the said River and that the Petitioners will beotherwiseafi’efted in their Property: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard again!! the said Bill, before the same pafies into a Law; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall feeni meet.

Ditto. A Petition of John Kanpe, of in the County of djjfex. Gentleman, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner now is, and, for several Years last pad hath been. Occupier of certain Mills, in the Parish of aforesaid

called Walthamfiozoe Mills, situate upon a Branch or Part of the River Lee, which, Time out of Mind, have been supplied with, and worked by. Water issuing out of the said River; and that the Petitioner apprehends, and is advised, That, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioner will sustain great Loss,.Damage, and Hindrance, in the fifing and working the said Mills, by re'afoii of the great Quantity of Water the Governor and Company of the New Ri are, by the said Bill, intitled

to take out of the said River Lee; and be otherwise affefted in, his Property: And therefore praying the House to give‘Leave, That he may be heard,' again!! the faijd Bill, before the same passes into a Law; or that the Petitioner may have such Relief in the Premises as. to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Cousideration of the Committeeof the whole House, who are toconsider,further of the Bill for ascertaining, preserving and improving, the Navigation of the River Lee, From the Town of Ilert-ford to the Town of Ware, in the County of

fordi and for preserving and improving the said River, from the said Town of Ware to the City of London-, audfor enabling the Governor and Com-..panyof the New River the better to supply the Cities of London and Wand the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, with good and wholesome "Water. j

Bill Side An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A6!

JncJofure. for inclosing Part of a Common, or waste Grounds, called HillSide, otherwise Lambden Common, in the Mauor and.

Parish of Odiham, in the County of Southampton, was

read the Third time.

Refotved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Pollen do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed lo the fame, with feme Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Mr. Francis Fane according to Order, reported from Stephens* the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Medicines providing a Reward to Joanna Stephens, upon a proper the Stoner

Discovery to be made by her, for the Use of the Publick, of her Method of preparing her Medicines for the Stone, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout: and then a Second time, orre by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Hungerford. presented to the House, according Recovery of

to Order, a Bill for the more easy and efieffual Recovery Sn,aN Debts* of Small Debts: And the same was received; and read the Firl! time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingossed Bill for erecting and establishing an Hof- Bath , pital or Infirmary within the City of Bath, in the County Hospita . of Somerfef, for the Relief of poor Persons resorting to

the said City for the Benefit of the mineral Waters there; for incorporating the Tru flees; and for the better Management and Disposition of the Charities already given, or to be given, for the Support and Maintenance’ of the said Hospital, or Infirmary, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for establishing and well governing an Hof* pital or Infirmary in the City of Ba

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House $ettiing Auto resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, sui i.*s on upon the Bill to enable his Majesty to settle an Annuity Dnke of on his Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, and his <"um^ecrlan^* Ifiue; as also One other Annuity on their Royal High-nefiesthe Princess Amelia, the Princess Caroline, the Princess Mary, and the Princess; be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Spfaker lpft the Chair.

Mr. Pelham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr-. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pelham reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the; Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when, the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow;

Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Rirer Committee of the whole House, to confuler further of the Navigation. Bill for ascertaining, preserving, and improving, the Navigation of the River Lee, from the Town of Hertford to the Town of Ware, in the County of and for preserving, and improving the said River, from the said Town of Ware to the City of London; and for enabling the Governor and Company of the New River the better to supply the Cities of London and Westmuifcr, and the

12 Geo. II. o* — 1<

I '

the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, with good and wholesome 'Water.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clarke took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clarke reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se-yennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Eegiftvring Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn* fl>e*da,&c. ;ng next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confuler further of the Bill for the ptiblick Registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within that Part of Great Britain called England, wherein publick Registers are not already appointed by Act of Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 10° Matt;

Anno i2° Georgii II4i Regis, 1739.

Reavers.

Charter A N ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act-HouseElhrte. j[\_ for the Exchange of certain Lands in the several Parishes of Wroughton and Liddyard in the County of Wilts, between the Governors of the Hof-

Sital, commonly called the Charter House, and Thomas 'met of Sallhrop, in the said County of Esquire, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lindc-Jay, Mr. Fall, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hen. Archer, Mr. Carets, Mr. Mackioorth, Mr. B, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. ffungerford, Mr. Plumptre, S\v Robert Munro, Mr. Harley, Sir Francis Child, M Mr. Balle, Mr.

Thompson, Mr. Tract/, Mr. Wollaston, Sir James Grant, General Wade, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir . Sir

John Turner, Mr. Horfmonden Turner, Sir John Barnard, Sir Wm. Heafhcote, Sir John Norris, Mr. Edg-cvmhe; and all the Members who serve for the County of Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Docarel’s ' An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled1. An Act Nat. . for naturalizing Adrian Collee Ducarel was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath.agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Bell’s An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Name, to enable John Bell Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Lane, and the Arms of James Lord Vifcoiint Lanejhorough,deceased, pursuant to hrs Will,

was read the Third time.

1 Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Laroche. do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

8aitorsMo- Ordered, That an Account of the annual Balances of

»ey in Chan- Calli in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of *eiy, &c. the Court of Chancery, for Seven Years lull past; and also, An Account of the annual Income of the Office of the Accomptant General of the Court, of Chancery, for Seven Years last pall; with a List of'such Fees as are claimed or taken by him j and also,

VOL. 23.

? Main ,355

An Account of tile annual Expence of the Office, of the Accomptant General of the Coort of Chancery; belaid before this House.

Ah ingrossed Bill to rectify d ^fiftake in an Act passed Bonds taken in tile Sixth Year of his late Majesty King George ^lie °£ ^I*fters First, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses °&c Ip*’ in the publick Revenues of Excise, Customs, Stamp Duties, Poll Office, and House Money, with respect to the Condition of the Bonds to be taken from Matters of Ships;

by virtue of the said Act; and to indemnify fuel) Persons as may have acted under the said Mistake; and also to '

obviate a Doubt, which has arisen upon an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further preventing his Majesty s Subjects from trading to the East Indies under foreign Commissions, and for encouraging the further securing the lawful Trade thereto; and for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of 77'iff net-, with regard to the summary Proceedings of the Cotmniiijoners or Sub Commissioners of Excise in Ireland, upon IVofe-cutions for the fraudulent Imporlatio^pof Eq/i India Goods into the Kingdom of Ireland-, was read the Third tinifi Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the publick Revenues of Excise, Customs, Stamp Duties, lYxft ©flice*....

and House Money, relating to the Condition, of Bonds taken from Mailers of Ships; and to indemnify Persons who have acted under the said Mistake; and also to obviate a Doubt, which bas arisen upon an Act, made in the Seventh Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, for the further preventing his Majesty!s Subjects from trading to the East Indies under foreign Commissions; and for encouraging and further securing the lawful Trade thereto; with regard toProfecutionsin in;a sum-

mary Way, for the fraudulent Importation of East India Goods into that Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Glanville do carry the Biftto the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

- , . 1 r

A Meffagefrom the Lords, by Mr. Bennett, and Mr.

Thurson:

Mr..Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for fcowr.es’ veiling divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County Estate. of Somerset,being Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Foiones Esquire, in Trull, to be sold; and for settling other Lands in the County of Devtiof greater value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof* To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also, "

The’Lords have agreed to the Bid, intituled, An Act Importation for prohibiting the Importation of* Books re-printed Abroad, and first oomposed or written, and printed in '

Great Britain;and for limiting the Prices df Books; with

some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Laws re. for continuing the Act, made in the Eighth Year of the latiitg to the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, to regulate the ^eatpLc Price and Assize of Bread; and for continuing, explain- r ’ c* ing, and amending, the Act, made in the Second year of the "Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Attorriies and Solicitors, without any Amendment. And a!so,:

1 The Lords hate agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bakeweil, for repairing the Roads from Bakeivell, to Cheferfidd 4tc. Koads.

in the County of Derby, and from C to

Workfopp, in the County of N; and from Cheferfidd to a Place where the Northern Road meets the Chesterfeld Road, which leads to' Mansfield, in the said County of Nottingham-,without arty Amendment.

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Brampton for enlarging the Term and Powera granted' by an BnR^f&c< Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty

356

Majesty King George the First. for amending the Highways leading from Bramp to Welf or d Bridge, in the County of Northampton; and also the great Poll Road frqtn MorterpitHill, in the said County, through Brixworth, Lamport, Maidrcell, and Or

Mag n a, to C’ui in B ri V/gv, I ead i n g i n t o Ma

in the County o f Leicester;without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew;

Settling An- Mr. Pelham, according to OrJcr, reported from the nuitiev on Committee of the tvhole House, to whom the Bill toen-cimbtrijiKi, n^e his Majesty to settle an Anuuityon his Royal Highly. ’ ness the Duke of Cumberland, and his Iflne; and also One other Annuity on their Royal Highnesses the Princess Amelia, the Princess Caroline, the Princess Marti, and the Princess Lotiifa-,was committed, the Amend-

ments which the Committee had made t» the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deliveredthe Bill, with the Amendments,in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Treaty with Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the Denmark. House, That he had a Menage from his Majesty to this House, signed by his Majesty: And that he had received his Majesty’s Commands to lay before this House,

Copy of the Treaty with Denmark, 14 th March, N. S.

173S-Q; and Tranllation thereof.

And he presented the said Vlelfage, together with the said Copy and Trauflation, to the House.

And the said Message was read by Mr. Speaker, all the Members being uncovered; and is as followeth; viz.

George R.

His Majesty being truly solicitous for the Peace and Welfare of these Kingdoms, and desirous to contribute, as far as in him lies towards preferring the publick Tranquillity, and the Balance of Power in Europe, hath concluded with the King of Denmark aTreaty, agreeable to that, which expired in 1737; an<^ has ordered the same to be laid before this House, that he may be enabled to make good the Engagements which he hath thereby entered into.

And, as Events may happen, during fitch time as it may be impossible for his Majesty to have the immediate Advice and Assistance of his great Council, upon any Emergency, arising from the prefect Postureof Affairs in Europe, which may nearly concern the Honour, Interest, and Safety, of these Kingdoms; his Majesty hopes he shall be enabled and supported by his Parliament, in making such further Augmentation of his Forces, either by Sea or Land, as may become absolutely necessary; and in concerting such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require; and whatever Expence shall be thereby occasioned, shall be made in as frugal a manner as is possible; and an Account thereof shall be laid before this House the next Session of Parliament.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That his Majesty’s said most gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And the Title of the said Copy and Tranllation being read;

Ordered, That the said Copy and Tranllation be referred to the said Committee.

The Copy of the said Treaty is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And the Tranllation thereof is as follows; viz.

Translation of the Treaty with dated at

Copenhagen, 14th March 1739.

A 1^x9.

Be it known to all, to whom it appertains. That his Majesty the King of Great Britain, on one Side, his Majesty the King of Denmark and the

other, having considered. That, in the present Situation of the Affairs of Europe,their reciprocal Interests require,

That the antient Fiicndship and Confidence which has been at all times cultivated between their Majesties and their glorious Ancestors, to the great Advantage of the-Two Nations, should be renewed and llrengthened by drifter Ties, and by a new Treaty of defenlive Alliance; their Majesties have thought lit to charge reciprocally their Ministers; that is lo say; his Majesty the King of Great Britain the Sienr Walter his Miniller re-

fident at his Danijh Majesty’s Court; and his Majesty

the King of Denmark and of Norway, his Privy Coun-fellors of his Council, the Sieur Ivar Ro/enkranfz Lord of Rnfcnhalmand of Ryegaard, Knight of the Order of

the Elephant; the Sieur John Ixmis de Iloljlcin, Lord of Wreile Clojler, Knight of the Order of , his

first Secretary of State of the Danish Chancery; and the Sienr John Sigmund de Schulin, Knight of the Order of

Dannebrog, his First Secretary of State for foreign Affairs, and of the German Chancery; being provided with the necessary full Powers to confer thereupon; who* after having exchanged their full Powers, have agreed upon the Points and Articles following;

Art. I.

There shall beafincere Amity, and a most ftriftUnioa, between their Majesties, their Successors and Heirs, Kingdoms and Subjects, in such manner, that the one-shall consider the Interests of the other as his own, and shall faithfully employ himself to promote them as much as possible; and to prevent and keep ofl’fromeach other, mutually, all Trouble and Damage.

Art. II.

To this End, it is agreed, That all the preceding Treaties of Peace, Amity, Guaranty, Navigation, and Commerce, without excepting any, shall be taken to be renewed and confirmed by this present Treaty, in all their Points, Articles, and Clauses; and they shall have the same Force as if they had been here inserted, Word for Word, as far as there shall have been no Alteration made therein by the present Treaty.

Art. III.

His Majesty the King of Great Britain having desired, That his Majesty the King of Denmark would hold in Readiness a Body of his Troops for the Service of his Brilannick Majesty, in case the Good of his Kingdoms and Dominions should require that Succour, his Majesty the King of Denmark has been willing to agree thereto; promising and engaging, by virtue of this Article, to hold in Readiness for that Purpose, during the Space of Three Years, to be reckoned from the Day of the Signing of this present Treaty, a Body of Six thousand Men; that is to say, One thousand Horse, and Five thousand Foot, provided with the necessary General Officers and Subalterns, fitly mounted and armed, in a Condition to march, for the Service of his Majesty the King of Great Britain, Two Months after Requifitiou shall have been made, or sooner, if it be possible; unless there be need of them for the immediate Defence of the Kingdoms and Dominions of his Brilannick Majesty; in which case they shall march immediately after the Requisition has been made; and the said Troops shall take the Oath of Fidelity to his Brilannick Majesty when they shall have passed the Frontiers of the Territories belonging to the Crown of Denmark, [without Prejudice to that which they have taken to his Majesty the King of Denmark]; his said Danish Majesty however retaining the Disposal of all the Polls that shall become vacant in that Corps; and the Administration of Justice in it remaining regulated in the same manner as it was practised in that which went into the Service of and Holland, by

virtue of the Treaty of 1701.

Art. IV.

Ashis Danish Majesty isen gaged to fend; uponOceafions that may arile, considerable Succours to other Powers,

his

Supplied from the Original.

1 o" Maii.

12 Ge<x II. -io Mait.357

Treaty with his Friends anil Allies; and as* in order to his furnifiiing Denmark, betides his Majesty the King, ol Great Britain with the abovesaid Bodyof Troops, without leaving himself naked of such Forces as are requisite for the Security and Preservation of his own Kingdoms and Dominions, he must be at great Charges in augmenting his Land Forces, his Majesty the King of Great , toaffift him therein,

promises to pay to his Majesty the King of for

every Horseman, fitly armed and mounted, Fourscore Crowns, and for every Foot Soldier Thirty Crowns; one - JHalf immediately after the signing this Treaty, and the Other Half when the Troops llmll he delivered; besides,

- his Majesty the King of Great Britain engages to pay to his Majesty the King of Denmark, without any Abatement or Delay,.an annual Subsidy of Two hundred and Fifty thousand Crowns Banco, during the Time that the Troops shall l»e at the Charge of tfte Treasury of his Majesty the King of Denma which Subsidy shall commence from the Signing of this present Treaty, and shall be continued to the F,xpiration,of the ThreeYears above mentioned: But when these Troops shall actually be taken into the Pay of his Majesty the King of Great tain., his Majesty the King of Denmark shall then be contented with an annual.Subsidy of One hundred and Fifty thousand Crowns Banco; j pjjpch Subsidy shall continue during the whole time that the said Troops shall be in the Service,of his Majesty: The Payment of the pne and of the other shall be maderegularly* every Quarter, in the Town of Hamburg, to such Persons as shall be authorized by his Majesty the King of Denmark to receive it: But if his Majesty the King of Great Britain lets the abqyesaid Three Years pass, without demanding the Body of Six thousand Men, his Majesty the King of Denmark shall not be any longer obliged, after that, to furniili the fame, and the Subsidy z shall entirelly cease, at the same time, at the End of those

Three Years, unless the Two contracting Kings agree otherwise concerning it.

Art.;

His Majesty the King of Great Britain shall take upon himself the Pay and Entertainment, as,well ordinary as extraordinary, of the O fficers, Horsemen, and Foot Soldiers, of that Body, from the Day they shall begin their March for his Service; and this Pay, both ordinary and ext raordinary, shall be regulated upon the same Foot with that of the Troops, made over by

the Treaty of 1701; and it shall be put into the Hands of the Danish Commissaries, without any Abatement or Ilftninution, to make the Distribution thereof; but if it should, by Misfortune, happen, that any Regiments or Companies of the abovesaid Corps lliould come to be ruined or destroyed, in the Whole or in Part, his Majesty the King of Great Britain shall cause to be paid, without Delay, to the Officers of the said Body of Troops, the Charges of the necessary Recruits, for putting the Regiments or Companies speedily again in a good Condition; and these Recruits shall be, in like manner, regulated upon the Foot of those that were furnished to the Officers of the Danish Troops, by virtue of the Treaty of 1701; to the end that this Corps may always be preserved and sent back one Day in as good Condition as it was received.

Art. VI.

His Britannick Majesty shall be at Liberty to keep, this Corps in his Service all the Time of the Duration of this Treaty, in order to make use of it wherevqr he shall have Occasion; provided it be not either in , nor upon the Fleet, nor to be transported, in the Whole, or in Part, beyond Sea, after it is come once out of the Territories of his Majesty the King of Denmark, except for the Defence of the Kingdoms of Great Britain and t. Ireland.; in which same these Troops shall wholly enjoy the same Pay which the English Troops enjoy: And, when his Majesty the King of Great hall be

desirous of fending back the said Troops, he shall acquaint his Majesty the King of Denmark with it Three Months before-hand; and shall cause to be paid to them a'Month’s Wages for their Return.

Vol. 23.

Art. VII.

In case his Majesty the King ot lliould be attacked or troubled in the PolVeftion of his Kingdoms,

Dominions, Lat1ds, Provinces, or Cities, his Britannick Majesty promises to fend the said, Body of Troops speedily back to him, paying them a Month’s Wages for their Return; and to give h\s Danish Majesty,. besides, all the Assistance, by Sea and by Land, that the same shall require; which Assistance shall be continued to him till he shall have obtained a good and advan-geous Peace: As his Majesty the King of Denmark, on his Part, promjfes. That, in case his Majesty the King of Great Britain should be attacked or troubled, as is abovesaid, he will give him immediately all the Assistance, by Sea and by Land, that the same shall require; which Assistance shall, in like manner, be continued to hiqri, until he shall have obtained a good and advantageous Peace: In case, contrary to all Expefla-tion, a War should break out in Europe, the Two con* trafting Kings reciprocally engage not tomoleft, in any fort whatsoever, the Liberty, of Commerce of their respective Subjects.

Art. VIII.

In order to make this Alliance and Union so much the more perfect, and to leave the Parties no kind of Scruple as to the certainty of the Assistance which tliqy are to expect from each other, it is expressly agreed, That, for judging hereafter whether the same of this Alliance exists or nor, it shall be sufficient, that either of the Parties be actually attacked by Force of Arms, without that Party’s having before used open Force agaiull him who attacks.

Art. IX.

This Treaty shall last for the Space of Three Years, to be reckoned from the Day of the Signing it; and, if their Majesties think fit tp continue, prolong, or change, it, that Matter shall be treated of Three Months before it expires, according to the Exigency of the Cafe.

Art. X.

The Ratifications of this Treaty shall be exchanged at Copenhagen, within Two Months after the Signing, or sooner, jf it bepoffible.

In Witpefs whereof, We, the under-written, being furnished with the full Powers of the most serene Kings of Great Britain and of Denmark and Nonoaii, have, in their said Names, signed the present Treaty, and have caused our Seals to be set thereunto. Done at Copenhagen, the 14th Day of March, N. S. 1739.

(L. S.) IV. Tilley. '

Mr. Winnington, according to Order, reported from A(c^s reiatinj the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to 1‘erfmis for explaining and amending an Act, made in the 8th being Juf-Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second, intituled, ^*e°-n No Man of Law shall be Justice of Assize or Gaol Deli- their own very in own Country; and another Act, made in Counties. 33d Year of the Reign of King Henry the 8 th, intituled,-An Act that none shall be Justice of Assize in his own-Country, 8Cc.; wascommitted; the Amendments which the Coramittee had made to the Bill; and which they had' directedhim to report to the House; and he read the'

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question-severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto Importation subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the anJ Exporta-Gentlemen, Graziers, and Farmers, of the Division of 1,00 jf'Voul' Lind/ey, in the County of Lincoln,was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, within the Memory of most of the Petitioners, the Price of Wool is fallen near One Half; whereby the Tenants, who pay the feme Rents as when Wool was dearest, or greater, are disabled from holding their Farms, without a proportional Y . able

Westminster

Bridge.

358 10’ — 1

able Abatement of Rent; or to discharge the great Arrears that are owing to their Landlords: And that, by importing Wool from Ireland, the Price of ool

mult not only be reduced Hill lower, but great Part thereof will not be saleable at all, the Growth of that Commodity being already too great for the Market: And that the Petitioners do not conceive how the taking off the Duties on Irish Yam, and increasing the Number

of Ports, as intended by the Bill now before the House, can be a Means to prevent the Exportation of Irish Wool, or Woollen Manufactures, to foreign Parts; or why as effectual Methods may not be taken to prevent such Exportation, whilst those Duties continue, and the Ports which give Opportunities of exporting are fewer; but that the Petitioners apprehend, That, as the taking off those Duties will lower the Price of Wool in,

so it wtH advance the Value of Wool in , and

consequently bring the Englishi and Irish Lands to an Equality, though the Rent now paid for the one is double to the Rent paid for the other; and, whilst it invites the Irish Tenants to turn their Lands to the keeping of Sheep, which will discourage the Linen Manufacture there, it will oblige the Tenants in ’, in order to

make their Rents by Corn, which they wiH not be able to make by Wool, to plough up their Sheep Walks and Failures, and thereby ruin the Farmers here 5 and that the Price of the Wool itself is so incohsiderable in all Manufactures, that the reducing it will undo the Grower, without any Benefit to the Manufacturer, or even bringing it cheaper to Market, as the Trade is now managed; it being well known, that Woollen Goods fell as dear now as when Wool was double the Price; though all Necessaries of Life are much lower noW than they were at that time, and the Manufacture rather worse than better; and that, if the Petitioners for the Bill may themselves be believed, now that Wool is the cheapest, the Trade is in the utmost Decay; which shews, that as the Greatness of the Price of Wool has not been tlte Grievance, so neither will a Reduction of it be the Remedy; and that, the Petitioners apprehend, it would plainly appear, had they time to make a proper Application to the House, that if the Bill, now before the House, shall pass into a Law, it will bring down the Rents of all Englijk Lands, or starve the Tenants, and such of the Poor as live by Spinning, whose Wages, since the Importation of Irish Yarn, are already lessened One-

third; and will be an Advantage only to a few Mailer Workmen, Merchants, and Factors, who, under the Pretence of a publick G ood, seek only to amass to themselves great Estates, by oppressing the Body of the People, whole Labours are the Foundation of the Trade itself, and the Support of the Nobility and Gentry of the Kingdom: But that the Petitioners hope the House will fiud Means for satisfying the reasonable Desires of the One, without ruining the other; and for encouraging the WouHen Trade in general, by allowing all who contribute thereto, from the Grower to the Exporter, a reasonable Share in the Profit that is to be made thereby.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for taking off the Duties upon Woollen and Bay Yam, imported from Ireland to England', and for the effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool, and Wool mamrfoctur-

ed, from Ireland, to foreign Parts, is committed.

The Lord Sundon, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Powers of the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Jiaple, or thereabouts, in the Parish of St. , in

the City of Westminster, to the qppofite Shore, in the County of Surry, towards finishing the said Bridge under their Care; and to remove all Doubts and Difficulties concerning their purchasinganddifpofing oflloufes and Ground, lying near to the Streets, Ways, and Passages, on each Side the River Thames, to and from the said Bridge; and also to enable them to make Ways and Paf*

i* Matt. 1735J*

sages to and from both Houses of Parliament, and thfe Courts of Justice; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; atril which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at tllfe Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Cftftfc sideration Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for taking off the Duties upon Woolleft and Bay Yarn, imported from Ireland to; and for the effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool, and Wool manttfac? tured, ftom Ireland, to foreign Parts;

Ordered, That the several Petitions presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to thfc Woollen Manufacture, not already referred, be referred to the Ibid.Committee. )

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Bladen took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Bladen reported from the Committee, That

they had made a Progress in the Bill: And that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the wholfe House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt have Leave make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly:

And an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Intituled, Act Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Somerset, being Part of the settled EftatC of Thomas Ftnones Esquire, in Trull, to be sold; and for settling other Lands in the County of Devon, of greater Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, was read the First titae.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till To-morro^f Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerts, 11# die Mali;

Anno 1 a* Georgii II41 Regis, 1739.

Praters.

f\RDERED, That Mr. Taylor, Mr. IldrtCy of Rye- gate, Mr. Harley, Mr. HoopMr. Mr.

Ord, Mr. Robert Fenwick,§\t Abr. Elton, Mr. Whiltc&rlh, ftttd all the Members who serve for the County of Wftll, be added to the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Ellate of Sir John Lear Baronet, deceased, in the County of Devon, for Payment of his Debts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Act Act to enable Edward' Duke of Norfolk to grant Building Leases, for Ninety-nine Years, of all or any Part of his' Lands, in or near the'Towrtship of Sheffield, in the Courtty of York, was read the Second time.

Refobed, Tlwit the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Bramjton, Lord Gage, Mr. Caretv, Sir Gctge, Mr. White, Mr. Phnnptre, Sir Roger Bradjhaigh, Mr.

iMngucville, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Robert Mr.

Harley, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Mr. Papillon,

Captain Purvis, I^ord Sundon, Mr. Whitzcorfh. Mr. Byng Mr. Brijiow, General Wade, Sir Nathanael Citrzon, Sir

James Grant, Sir Francis lloynton, Mr. Iluxley, Sir Jof

Penniiigton,

Import and Export of Wool.

Foww/

Estate*

Lear'*

Duke of Norfolk’* Estate.

\i' Mail

12 Geo. II.

359

Pennington, Mr. Chdte, Mr. Mr. Kent, Mr.

Wblla/ton, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, M.r.Tracy, Mr. Hors-' monden Turner, Sir Win. Clayton, Lord Harry

Sir Francis Child; and all tile Members who serve for the Counties of York, Nottingham, and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fire of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Private Mr. Carew reported from the Committee to whom the Lotteriea. Bill for explaining and making more effectual an Act, made in the Tenth and Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for suppressing of Lotteries; and also so much of One other Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, to raise Money, by way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1742; and for transferring the Deficiencies of a late Malt Act to the Land Tax for the said Year; and for giving Time for inserting the Money, giveu with Apprentices, in their Indentures; and touching loft Bills, Tickets, or Orders; and for exchanging the Tickets in the Exchequer for Certificates; and for suppressing Lotteries, denominated Sales, and other private Lotteries; and for enlarging the Time for the Accomptaht General of the Bank of England to return Duplicates of Annuities into the Exchequer; as relates to the suppressing Lotteries, denominated Sales, and other private Lotteries; was committed; That the Committee had goue through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the Hoofe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause being offered, to be added to the Bill, That nothing the rein, or in any former Act contained, shall extend to prevent Gaming in his Majesty’s Palace of James, or Whitehall, or at any other Royal Palace where . his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, shall reside;

£ House was moved, That the lall Section of an Act, made in thfe Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of excessive and deceitful Gaming, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That- the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

y >iw) Tax Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this

Amm, House, an Account of the Arrears of Land Taxes, and Duties upon Malt, now remaining in the Exchequer, for Rich Years whereof the Services of those Years have been satisfied; as also an Account of the Monies remaining the re, arisen by the Duties on compound Liquors, and upon Apples, and of the Surplus of the Deductions of Six Pence per Pound; at Midsummer 1738, over and above all Annuities, and other Payments, chargeable thereupon.

Accomptant General of the Court of Chancery attended Suitor# at the Door; Money ift

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the £<J*,eery' House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the annual Balances of Caftt in t Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, for Seven Years last past: And also,

An Account of the annual Income of the Office of the Accomptant General of the Court of Chancery, for Seven Years last past; with a List of the Fees which are claimed or taken by him: And also.

An Account of the annual Expence of the Office of Accomptant General of the Court of Chancery.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Westminster Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Powers of the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames from the Woolf aple, or thereabouts, in the Pa-rifli of St. Margaret, in the City of , to the

opposite Shore, in the County of Surry, towards lmifli-ing the said Bridge under their Care; and to remove all Doubts and Difficulties concerning their purchasing and disposing of Houses and Ground, lying near to the Streets, Ways, and Passages, on each Side the River Thames, to and from the said Bridge; and also to enable them to make Ways and Passages to and from both Houses of Parliament, and the Courts of Justice; was committed; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Folio zt, Line 1, being severally read a Second time, were,

upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to feme of them, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, in Folio 22, Line 1, being the Sumproposed to be raised by a Lottery, for the Purposes mentioned in the said Bill, was read a Second time:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being

f)ut. That the said Bill be re-committed, with respect to uch Clauses therein as relate to the Lottery;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Noes,} r58.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

Settling An- An ingrossed Bill to enable his Majesty to settle an unity on the Annuity on his Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, at)d his Issue; and also one other Annuity on their Royal ' Highnesses the Princefe Amelia, the Princess Caroline, the Princess Mary, and the Princess; was read

the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act to enable his Majesty to settle an Annuity of Fifteen thousand Poundson his Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, and the Heirs of his Body; and also one other Annuity of Twenty-four thousand Pounds on their Royal Highnesses the Princess Amelia, the Princess Caroline, the Princess Mary, and the Princess Louisa.

Ordered, That Mr. Pelham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed. That a person from the

V9*

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Reg»A*r* of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the publick Registering of . all Deeds, Conveyances, "Wills, and other Incumbrances* that shall be made of, or that may affect, any Honours,

Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within that Part oiGreat Britain called England, wherein, publick Registers are not already appointed by Act of Parliament, be now read.

And the same being read accordingly; 1

Refolded, That this House will, upon Tutfday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply; resolve. itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered*

3$o ii.° — 140 Mail. _ 1739.

V v.

Ordered, That the Trawflation of the.Treaty between g Mr*- Sir John Cope, Mr. Mr.

'Great Britain and Denmark, -f>- September 173^, which L Mr. Mr. Thomas Mr. Ord, was presented to this {ioufe the i8lh Day of Lebruary Sir Francis Child, Mr. Mr. White, Sir Robert

2 ’'"i7^4,be refei+ed to the said Committee. Grafvenor, Sir Thomas Clarke, Colonel St. Clai[, Mr.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Convention between Sir Sir Pennington, Mr.

'' Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the Pardo, Ja-Gregory, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Fere, Mr. Tuckei", and all 1 unary i 4,'1739, N.S. be referred to the said Committee, the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon and Ordered, That the Transition of the said Convention Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at^Five * be referred to the said Committee. ' of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. ‘

Ordered, That the Copies of the Papers, signed by ‘ Mt. Sterf, One of the Commissayies appointed in pur- . An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fowne’*

suance of the Treaty of Seville, and laid beforp a Com- for veiling divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the ^late<

' mittee of Canned June 14, 1738, be referred so the said County of being Part of the settled Estate of

Committee. Esquire, in Trust, to be sold; and for

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money settling other Lands, in the County of Devon, of greater granted last Session of Parliament, towards the Repair of Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof j was read a ' the Colle'giate Church of St.Peter, Westminster, has been Second time, disposed of, be referred to the said Comrpittee. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

i?7tfcraf,'That the Account, shewing how the Stlm of General Wade, Mr. Fane, Mr. Beaghari, Mr. Mr.

Three thousand Five hundred Pound.', granted to his Longueville, Mr. Ilorfmonden Turner, Mr. Forester, Mr.

Majesty Anno 1737, for the Repairs of the Church q{SI.Plumptre, \lr.Gregory, Mr. Vere, Mr. Hanbitry Williams,

Margaret, Westminster, hath been applied, be referred Mr. £arezv, Sir John Heathcote, Sir 'to the said Committee. , Sir/oAn AnJlrather, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Taylor, Sir Wm.

' "Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- Gage, Sir Roger Bradjhaigh, Sir Charles Mor-

rbittee. ' daunt. Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Harley, Mr. Hungerford,

1 Mr. Speaker left the £hair. Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Papillon, Captain Purvis, Lord

" ': Mr.' Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Whitworth, Mr. , Mr. Crotvle, Sir

1 ''Mr: Speaker resumed the Chair. Francis Boynton, Mr. Tracy, Sir Lord

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That Harry Powlelt, Sir Francis Child, Sir James Grant, Mr.

' they had corhe to several Resolutions; which they had Gore, Sir Jof. Pennington, Sir Thomas Clarke, Sir Wm.

*J directed him t’o report, when the House will please to . Mr. Mr. CarmichaeU, Mr. Slert; and

" receive the same. all the Members who serve for the Counties of

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Devon, and Somerset: And they are to meet this After-

Morhing next. noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they . The Lord Manners reported from the Com- spittle<*ate

nmy have Leave to fit again. mittee to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Hia R<^d.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of night,resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, fdr toconsider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty. repairing the Road from Hill, near

: - in the County of Lincoln, to LittleDrayton,\\\ the County

; The other Orders of the Day being read; of Nottingham, was committed; and to whom the Peti-

Ways ' Refbtved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- tion of the Aldermen, Com Burgesses, and Inhabitants, and Means, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of and several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Far-

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for mers, and others, of the County of Lincoln, was referred; railing the Supply granted to his Majesty. That the Committee had heard the Petitioners, by their

I Counsel; and also had heard Counsel in favour of the said

Import and Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- ®*j|» aga'n.ft the said Petition; and that the Committee Export of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the Wo01- House, to consider further of the Bill for taking off the £ame tru^ and had gone through the Bill, and made Duties upon the Woollen and Bay Yarn imported from fe7era Amendments thereunto; which theyhad directed Ireland to England;and for the effectual preventing the b,m to rePor^to the House; and he read the Report in his Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool, Place; and afterwardsdelivered the Bill, with the Amend-and Wool mauufactured, from Ireland, to foreign Parts. ments>,n at the Clerk s I able: Where the Amendments

♦ were once read throughout; and then a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday one by one; and upon the Question severally putthere-

Morning next. Nine of the Clock. upon> aSreed to by the House.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Thompson do carry to the Bonds taken Lords the ingrossed Bill to rectify a Mistake in an Act, of Mastersot Courtenay’s A ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty ShiPs> &0- Agreement. -Jt\ to establish and confirm an Agreement made be- King George, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the -tween Sir William Courtenay Baronet, and his Brother, Publick Revenues of Excise, Customs, Stamp Duties,

Henry Reginald Courtenay Esquire, and to render the Poll Office, and House Money, relating to the Condi-fame more effectual for the several Uses and Purposes tion of Bonds taken from Masters of Ships; and to in-therein mentioned, was read a Second time. demnify Persons who have acted under the said Mistake;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carew, and also to obviate ..... which has arisen upon the

’Mr.Whitzcorth, S\rNathanaelCurzon, Dr. Lee, Sir Joseph, Act,made in the Seventh Year of his said late Majesty’s Eyles, Mr. Ilarlei/, Mr. Henry Archer, Lord Tyrconnel, Reign, for the further preventing his Majesty’s Su! jests General Wade, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Byng, Mr. Taylor, Sir from trading to the East Indies under foreign Cotumif-Abr. Ellon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hooper, Mr Pollen, Lord fions; and for encouraging and further securing the la\y-\ Palmcrfion, Mr. Robert Hucks, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir fulTrade thereto; with regard to Prosecutions in James Grant, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Hun- in a fumrriary way, for the fraudulent Importation

.....; India

1 . ’

Luna, j 4* die;

Anno 120 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1739. Prayers.

12 Geo. II.

r4

Maii.

361

Hounslow to Hafing-Aojie Ruad.

India Goods into that Kingdom; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Bennet and Mr. Montague:'

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act,

gether with the further Sum of Ninety-five thousand Pounds to be advanced by the Crown of towards making Satisfaction to his Majesty *s injuredSubjects, for the Damages they have sustained by the Depredations of the Spaniards,be granted to his Majesty, to be issued

and applied to the Uses and Purposes stipulated in the said Convention.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

passed in the First Year of the Reign of his present Ma- That the Sum of Four thousand Pounds be granted to his jesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Majesty, towards the repairing and finitliing the Colie-Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath, in the County of Mid-giate Church of St. Peter, and to enable the

St. Catherine Colt min Church.

Acts relating to Periods being Justice* of Assize in their own Country.

gupply.

dless.r, to a Place called Basingstone, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windlin the County of Sumy, without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of St. Catherine Coleman, in Fenchurch-street, in the City of London, to

rebuild the Church of the said Parish, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Dean and Chapter of the said Collegiate Church to purchase Two prebendal Houses, inlieu of Two to betaken down, for the facilitating the Repairs, and finitliing the said Church.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Two thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, for the further Repair and fiuishing the Tower and Roof of the Parish Church of St. Margaret, Westminster.

The First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon.

Ah ingrossed Bill for explainingand amending an Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King Richard agreed to by the House. the Second, intituled. No Man of Law shall be Justice The Second Resolution, being read a Second time; of Assize or Gaol Delivery in his own Country; and al- And a Motion being made, and the Question being so another Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the put, That the House do agree with the Committee in Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act that the said Resolution, That, towards enabling his Majesty noue shall be Justice of Assize in his own Country, fife.; to make such further Augmentation of his Forces, either was read the Third time. by Sea or Land, as may become absolutely necessary,

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, and as the Exigency of Affairs may require, a Sum, not

exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

(Mr. Winnington,

(Mr. Frankland:

CMr. Gybbon,

(M r. Thomas Knight.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the said Resolutions, being severally read

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

}»4t.

20.

That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for fThe Lord Sidney Beauclerk, 7118. the Yeas, {Dr. Lee: J Tellers for f Mr. Talbot, 7 42.

the Noes, \\lr. Harley: y

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

And that the Title be. An Act for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Eighth Year oft he Reign

of King Richard the Second, intituled, No Man of Law a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put shall be Justice of Assize or Gaol Delivery in his own thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Country; and another Act, made in the Thirty-third The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Carrying Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Supardi- . An Act that none shall be Justice of Assize in his own the Bill for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the rt-atvfrom Country, fife. Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Ma- *0foreign'*5

Ordered, That Mr. Winnington do carry the Bill to jesty’s Sugar Colonies in from the said'Colonies parts.

directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the adjournedConsideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for explaining and making more effectual an Act, made in the Tenth and Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third,

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, intituled, An Act, for supprefling of Lotteries;and also so That the Sum of Severity thousand Five hundred much of One other Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Eighty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence be Reign of his late Majesty King Georor the First, intituled, granted to his Majesty, on account of the Levy Money An Act for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Snbfidy payable to the Kine of Denmark, pursuant and Perry, to raise Money, by way of a Lottery, for the to the Treaty bearing Date tt U ay of March 173-5-, for Service of the Year 1722; and for transferring the Defi-the Service of the Year 1739. ciencies of a late Malt Act to the Land Tax for the said

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Year; and for givingTime for inserting the Money given That towards enabling his Majesty to make such further with Apprentices in their Indentures; and touching loft Augmentation of his Forces, either by Sea or Land, as Bills, Tickets, or Orders; and for exchanging the Tickets mav become absolutely necessary, and as the Exigency in the Exchequer for Certificates; and for suppressing of Affairs may require, a Sum, not exceeding Five hun- Lotteries denominated Sales, and other private Lotteries; dred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty. and for enlarging the Time for the Accomptant Ge-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, neral of the Bank of England to return Duplicates of That the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds, being the Sum Annuities into the Exchequer; as relates to the sup-acknowledged to be due from Great Britain to Spain, and pressing Lotteries, denominated Sales, and other private agreed by the King of Spain, in the Convention between Lotteries; was committed.

Great Britain and Spain, bearing date at the Pardo, the Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said 14th Day of January 1739, N. S. to be applied, to- Report be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. 23. 4Z The

Private

Lotteries.

s

A. 1739.

362

14* — 150

Way* The Ilotife, according t > Order, resolved itself into a and Means. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker 1 chimed the Chair.

Mr. F 'rands Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Frauds Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raiding the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Import and The other Order of the Day being read;

Wool.° The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the- Bill for taking off the Duties upon Woollen and Bay Yarn imported from Ireland to England; and for the effectual preventing the Exportation of Woo! from Great Britain, and of Wool, and Wool manufactured, Worn Ireland, into foreign Parts.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Bladen took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Bladen reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, at a Quarter of an Hour after Four of the Clock this Afternoon, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider lurther of the said Bill.

A Message from the Lowls, by the Lord Chief Justice Willes and Mr. Justice Denton:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to settle an Annuity of Fifteen thousand Pounds on his Royal Highness ti^e Duke of Cumberland, and the Heirs of his Body; and also One other Annuity of Twenty-four thousand Pounds on their Royal Highnesses, the Princess Amelia, the Princess Caroline, the.Priucefs Mary, and the Princess Lou fa; without any Amendment.

Aud then the Messengerswithdrew.

Mart is, 150 die Mail \

Anno 12° Georgii IP* Regis, 1739.

feltling An-miitiei 011 the Duke of Cumberland

&c.

Import and Kxport of Wool.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for taking off the Duties upon Woollen and Bay Yarn imported from Ireland to England-, and for the effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool, and Wool manufactured, from Ireland, to foreign Parts.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Bladen took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Bladen reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

And theq the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Prayers.

MR. Robert Hacks reported from the Committee t

whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, inti- Cowprr7. tuied, An Act for discharging Part of the settled Estate Efatfe-of William Earl Cozvper, in the County of Hertford, from the Uses and Limitations of a former Settlement; and for settling and securing an Equivalent for the same to the like Uses; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the

Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 6. L. 42. Leave out " in Fee-simple," and insert " to him and his Heirs

L. 25. After " Shillings," add " feme final!

" Part whereof is Copyhold ' Pr. 9. L. 19. Leave out " in Fee-simple," and insert " to him and his Heirs:"

Pr. 11. L. 13. Leave out " in Fee-simple," and insert " to him and his Heirs:"

Pr. 13. L. 1 ft. After " Successors," insert "and to the " Lord of the Manor of whom the said Copyhold Preinifes are held."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee to Sh'P*®* whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields lying in the Manor of Shipton Moynewithin the Parish of

Shipton Moyne, and Dovel, in the County of

commonly called the North and South Common Fields, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations oflhe Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except William Heaven and Catherine his Wife, who have Forty-five Acres in the said Common Fields, which is not One-sixteenth Part of the fame; but that all the Pait es have been appr'ifed of the intended Inclosure, and have had printed Copies of the Bill delivered to them; and that neither the said William Heaven nor Catherine his Wife have appeared before the Committee, to oppose the fame; and that the Committee had goue through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the Private adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Commit- tter,<5*’ tee, to whom the Bill for explaining and making more effectual an Act, made in the Tenth and Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for suppressing of Lotteries; and also so much of One other Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mura,

Cyder, and Perry, to raise Money, by way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1722; and for transferring the Deficiencies of a late Malt Act to the Land Tax for the said Year; and for giving Time for inserting the Money given with Apprentices in their Indentures; and touching loft Bills, Tickets, or Orders; ^tid for exchanging the Tickets in the Exchequer for Certificates; and for suppressing Lotteries, denominated Sales, and other private Lotteries; and for enlarging the Time for the Ac-

comptant

i3 Geo. II.

15° Mail.

63

comptairt General of the Bank of England to return Du- Mr. Francis according to Order, reported from Ways plicaies of Annuities into the Exchequer; as relates to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- *aB*‘

the suppressing Lotteries, denominated Sales, and other ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising

private Lotteries; was committed; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report:

And the Clause which was offered, to be added to the Bill, That nothing the rein, or in any former Act, against Gaming, shall extend to prevent Gaming in the Palace ol'St. James, or Whitehall, or any Royal Palace where his Majesty shall reside, was twice read; and, upon the

the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directedhim to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of £. 500,000 out of such Monies as have arisen, or shall or mav arise, of

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be the Surplufes, Excesses, or overplus Monies, commonly made Part of the Bill. called the Sinking Fund.

Aud several Amendments were made by the House , That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

to the Bill. That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty,

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be in- his Majesty be enabled to issue and apply the further Sum

Import and Export Wool-

grossed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Magistrates, Common-council, Freemen, and Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon,was presented to the House, and read;

of£.500,000 out of the growing Produce of the same Sinking Fund, or to borrow the lame, by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, at ail Interest not exceeding £. 5 per Centum per Annum, to be charged upon, and secured by,

the said Fund.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second

setting forth. That, for many Years last past, a consider- time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, able Woollen Manufacture hath been carried on in that agreed to by the House.

Place, and the Country adjacent, which of late hath much decayed; occasioned, in some measure, as the Petitioners conceive, by the want of having Wool and Yarn imported from Ireland, nearer to those Parts, where so much might be used and wrought up; and which the Manufacturers cannot now have, without being at the Trouble and Expence of Land Carriage; and that, if the Liberty of importing such Wool and Yam from Ireland were extended to the Ports on the Eastern and Southern Coasts of this Kingdom, it would tend to the general Advantage: And therefore, as the Port of Ply-

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in purfuaat to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Francis Fane, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Dodington, the Lord Sundon, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Earl, Mr. Attorney'General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Scrope, and Mr. Edward Walpole, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to establish a Jointure on Dame Wife of Sir Janies Dashwood, Baronet; and for other

Ilafhwood’s

Jointure.

mouth lieth very convenient for such Importation, pray- Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the

Suiters Money in Chancery.

ing.That it may be opened and licensed for that Purpose, in such manner as to the House shall seem most fit and convenient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to refolveitfelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to authorize and impower the High Court of Chancery to lay out, upon proper Securities, any Monies, not exceeding a Sum to be limited, out of the com-

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bili^ and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satifi. faction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Winnington also reported from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled. An

Warren’s

Eiiate.

iron and general Cash in the Bank of England, belong- Act to enable the acting Executors, and tefiamentary ing to the Suitors of the said Court, for the Ease of the Guardians, named in the Will of Edward Warren, late said Suitors, by applying the Interest arising therefrom of in the County of Chester, Esquire, deceased,

for answering the Charges of the Office of the Accomp tant General of the said Court, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the annual Balances of Cash in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors

by felling Part, and leafing other Parts, of his settled Estate.to raise Money for discharging the Incumbrances thereon, and to provide a suficient Maintenance for his Son, during his Minority, in Ease of an Ellate reeled to be sold by the Will of John Warren Esquire, de

<!i-

of the Court of Chancery, for Seven Years last past, be ceased, was committed. That the Committee had exa-

referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the annual Income of tlieOffice of Accomptant General of the Court of Chancery, for Seven Years last past, with a List of the Fees which are claimed or taken by him, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the annual Expence of the Office of Accomptant General of the Court of Chancery be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Commitee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Petition of the Clerks of the Inrolmentsin the Court I?egift«ring of Chancery was presented to the House, and read; repre- Deetls»

fenting to the House, the Rights of the King’s Courts of Records, at Westminster,to make and write lnrolments of

all Judgments, Deeds, Writings, Conveyances,andother Matters, which were to be and remain of Record in the same Courts respectively, and Part of the Provision by

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That the Statute of the 27th of Henry the Eighth, for Inrol they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was , ment of Bargains and Sales; and representing also, the directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Constitution and Usefulness of the Office kept by the Leave to fit again. Petioners, for the sole Purpose of inrolling Deeds and

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Writings in the Court of Chancery, pursuant to the Leting next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ters Patent of Queen Elizabeth, bearing Date the 18th House, to consider further of the said Bill. Day of November, in the 16th Year of her Reign; by

Vol. 23. which

3<*4

15° — i 6°‘

A. 1739.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Re- Westminstet

which letters Patent the Six Clerks of the said Court of Chancery, and the Three Clerks of the Petty Bag, and their Successors forever, were incorporated to be Clerks of the Inrolments in the said Court, and to keep an Office for that Purpose in or near Chancery Lane, to be executed by Two Deputies, to be approved of and sworn before the Lord Chancellor, and to be under the Direction, and subject to the Regulation, of the said Lord Chancellor, and the Mailer of the Rolls, for the Time being; and alleging, That the granting to the Registers to be appointed in pursuance of the Bill, now depending before this House, a Power to inroll Deeds at full Length, and that such Inrolment shall have the Effeftas well of aRe-giftry as of an Inrolment, will be greatly prejudicial to the antient Officers of the Courts of Records at Westminster, and particularly to the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premiles into their Consideration; and that such Clauses in the said Bill, as impowers the Registers to be appointed, for the several Counties and Places in England, to inroll, enter, or register, at full Length, any Deeds, Writings, or Conveyances, and which enact, That such Inrolments or Registry of Deeds and Conveyances, at full Length, shall have the same Force and Effect as if a Memorial of such Inrolled Deeds and Conveyances had been entered in the respective Register Office, may not Hand Part of the Bill; but that, in case the House shall think it necessary, that those Clauses should Hand Part of the Bill, and pass into a Law, then. That the Inrolment of all Deeds, Writings, Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Ba

and Conveyances, acknowledged by the Grantor, before ronet, deceased, in the County of , for Payment of

port from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Powers of the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Woolstaple, or thereabouts, in tire Parish of

Margaret, in the City of Wto the oppoflte Shore, in the County of Surry,towards ftnitliing the said

Bridge under their Care; and to remove all Doubts and Difficulties concerning their purchastugand disposing of Houses and Ground lying near to the Streets, Ways, and Pafliages, on each Side the River Thames, to and from the said Bridge; and also to enable them to make Ways and Passages to and from both Houses of Parliament, and the Courts of Justice; be further adjourned till Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Bridge.

Mercuriiy 16° Maii;

Anno t2* Georgii IF1 Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

MR. Carew reported from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled. An

the Lord Chancellor, or Mailer of the Rolls, or One of the Mailers in Chancery, which shall be inrolled, or entered at full Length, by the Petitioners, and all Copies of such Inrolments, made by the Petitioners, and properly attested, mav have the same Force, Credit, and Authority, as by the feill are given to the Inrolments, or Registry at full Length, of such Deeds, Writings, and Conveyances, by any of the Registers appointed by this Bill, and the Copies thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to coafider further of the Bill for the publick Regillering of all Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that

his Debts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report iu his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as follow;

Press 3. L. 20. To Leave out from the First Word " the," to "as," in the 21st Line, being the following Words, " Advowson of and belonging to the aforesaid

may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Mano s of Teington and Radway," and insert

T T_ % A . _ m a 1_ " A I. _ A. _ __ A _ J _ 9 A _ II 1 iC A »vy\ a A m a U 4 4 M *v r\ A C X l-k A 1/ a »a n

Hereditaments, within that Part of Great Britain called England, wherein publick Registers are not already appointed by Act of Parliament.

Then the House, according to Order, resolved itself into aCommittee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephen Fox took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephen Fox reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, made perpetual by another Act, passed in the Second Year of his present Majesty, for the more effectual suppressing of Piracy, as relates to the preventing Officers of his Majesty’s Ships of War from carrying Goods and Merchandizes on Freights, Or trading the rewith; and for making the said Act more effectual; and for indemnifying such Persons as may have offended against the said Act; and for preventing Seamen deferring Merchant Ships on the Coasts of Africa, or entering into any other private Service there; and to prevent their conveying away any Boat, Canoe, or Craft, belonging to any Merchant Ship trading to and on the said Coail; be read a Second time upon this Day Month.

Lear’

Estate,

Earl

C jw per*s. Estate.

Advowsons and Right of Patronage of the Vicarage " and Chapels of the Parish Church of Bishops Teington " and West Teington, and all Profits and Commodities " unto the said Advowsons belonging or in any wise " appertaining

L. 21. After "as," insert "also."

The said Amendments, being severally readaSecond time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging Part of the settled Estate of William Earl Cowper, in the County of Hertford from the Uses and Limitations of a former Settlement; and for settling and, securing an Equivalent for the same to the like Uses; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Hacks do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, withfome Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dafhwood’* to establish a Jointure on Dame Elizabeth , Iointure‘.

Wife of Sir James Dafhwood Baronet, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Winnington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That the House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An

ii Geo. II. i

Warren's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate- to enable the acting Executors, and testamentary Guardians, named in the Will of Edward JF«rrey*, late of Pointon, in the County of , Esquire, deceased, by felling Part, and leafing other Parts, of his settled Estate, to raise Money for discharging the Incumbrances thereon, and to provide a sufficientMaintenance for his Son, during his Minority, in Eufe of an Estate directed to be sold by the Will of John Warren Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Winning ton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Shipton - An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Moyne for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, lying in

uc 0 ,irw* the Manor of Shipton Moyne, within the Parish of Shipton Moyne and Dovel, in the County of Gloucester, commonly

called the North and South Common Fields, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Gore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Supply Bill; Mr. Francis Fane presented to the House, according sinking to Order, a Bill for granting to his Majesty a Sum out *und. of ^e Sinking Fund, for {he Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-nine; and for enabling his Majesty to apply a further Sum out of the growing Produce of the said Fund: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Recovery of A Bill for the more easy and effectual Recoveiy of Small Debts, finall Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

RcJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole' House, upon the said Bill.

Deflions'

Nat.

Earl

Cowper’s

Jill ate.

Bath

Hospital.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr.

Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Deflions :To which the Lords desire' the Concurrence of this House. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for discharging Part of the settled Estate of William Earl Cowper, in the County of Hertford, from the Uses and Limitations of a former Settlement; and for settling and securing an Equivalent for the same to the like Uses. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing and well governing an Hospital or Infirmary in the City of Bath, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Stephen* An ingrossed Bill for providing a Reward to Joanna Medicines Stephens, upon a proper Discovery to be made by her for the Stone. for the Use of the Publick, of her Method of preparing her Medicines for the Stone, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 2. L. i. After the Word "flonfehold," to insert, " his Grace Charles Duke of , Lord Cham-

berlain of his Majesty’s Household

L. 3. After " ," to insert " the Right

" honourable Henry Earl of Pembroke and

L. 35. After " Dorfelf to insert " Charles u Duke of Grafton

L. 38. After " Montagu," to insert " Henry M Earl of Pembroke and Montgomery VOL- 23.

L. 41. After " Henry" lo insert Hyde Ef-" quire, commonly called"; and, after " Lord,*’ to insert " Viscount

Press 3. L 10. After the Word " of" to insert " the " said:"

L. 21. After " Dorset" to insert " Charles " Duke of Grafton

L. 23. After " Montagueto insert Henry " Earl of Pembroke and Montgomery 1"

L. 26. After " Henry" insert " Hyde Eftjuire,

" commonly called;" and after " Lord," to insert " Viscount

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for providing a Reward to Joanna Stephens, upon a proper Discovery to be made by her, for the Use of the Publick, of the Medicines prepared by her for the Cure of the Stone,

Ordered, That Mr. Tewn/hend do carry Ac Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Colonel Bladen, according to Order, reported From Import snd the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for taking off the Duties upon Woollen and Bay Yarn, imported from Irelandto England; and for the effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool, and Wool manufactured, from Ireland, to foreign Parts; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, iVith the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to forae of them, agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered,' to be added to the Bill, for making void all Policies of Insurance which shall be made on Merchandize^, loaden on any Ship, bound from Great Britain or Ireland, to Parts beyond the Seas, which shall afterwards appear to be Wool, or Woollen Yarn, or any other Species of Wool in the Bill mentioned, or Woollen Manufactu res from Ireland; andall Policies of Insurance,

which shall be made on any Ship, bound as aforesaid, which shall have on board any such Wool, Woollen Yarn,

Species of Wool, or Woollen Manufacture.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks:

And the Clause was amended.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made, by the Hott'fe, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments,' be' ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read’ for the House to1 River Lee resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to . Navigation, consider further of the Bill for ascertaining, preserviqg, and improving, the Navigation of the River Lee, from , the Town of Hertford to the Town of Ware, in the County of Hertford, and for preserving and improving.. the said River from the said Town of Ware to the City of London; and for enabling the Governor and Company of the Neio River the better to supply the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, with good and wholeiome Water;

RcJ'olved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read; Carrying

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Sugar diwhole House, upon the Bill for granting a Liberty to re^ly from carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, J^fore^n1*

5 A of parL,e,gn

Charter House Estate.

Frirmte

Lotteries*

Spittlegate Hill Roads.

396

of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in from the saidColonies, directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Winning ton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Winningtonreported from the Committee, That

they had made a Prog refs in the Bi||: And that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 17* die Matt;

Anno 12* Georgii II4' Regis, 1739.

Pa At ers.

MR. Lindefay reported from the Committee to

whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Exchange of certain Lands in the several. Parishes of Wroughton and in the County of Wilts, between the Governors of the Hospital, commonly called the Charter and

Thomas Benet, of Salthrop, in the said County of

Esquire, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and fonnd the same to he true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrafted Bill for explaining and making more effectual an Act, made in the Tenth and Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for suppressing of Lotteries.; and also so much of another Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties on Mult, Mnm, Cyder, and Perry, to raise Money, by way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1722, apd for transferring the Deficiencies of a late Malt Act to the Land Tax for the said Year; apid for giving Time for inserting the Money, given with Apprentices, in their Indentures*, and touch-, ing loft Bills, Tickets, or Orders; and for exchanging the Tickets in the Exchequer for Certificates; and for sup-. pressing Lotteries, denominated Sales, and other private Lotteries; and for enlarging the Time for the Accompt-. apt General of the Bank of Eng return Duplicates of Annuities into the Exchequer; as relates to the sup-. prefting Lotteries, denominated Sales, and other private Lotteries; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed, to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 6, L. 6. After the Word " County," to insert: the Words Riding or Division

L. 20. After the Word " County," to insert the Words, " Riding, or Division

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title . be, An Act for explaining and making more effectual the several Laws therein mentioned, for suppressing Lot- . teries, denominated Sales, and other private Lotteries.

Ordered, That Mr. Carewdo carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the

A. 1739.

Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Spittlegate , near Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pafsAnd that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, pasted in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Spittlegate Hill, near Grantham in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That the Lord William Manners do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Defhoiu’ for naturalizing John De/kons, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Stephen Fox, according to Order, reported from Resirtering the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the publick Registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, W ills, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements,

9r Hereditaments, within that Part of Great Britain called England, wherein publickRegistersare notalready appointed by Act of Parliament, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; apd which they had directed him to report to the House:; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read; apd the First Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon,- agreed to by the House.

The Second Amendment, being the Description of the Rerfen to be appointed Register for each of the several Counties in England, and >Wales>being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words,

" having an Effete of Freehold of £. zoo' per Annum,

" withio the said County."

And the Question being put. That those Words be added to the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The'rest of the Amendments, made by> the Commit--tee to the said Bill, as far as. the Amendment, Folio 3,

Line 8, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question Severally, put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, Foj. 3. I. 8; being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by insertipg, after the Word " Hertf" these Words, " for the Liberty,of St. Albans, within the said. County,

in the.Tpwn of Sh Albans

And the Qpgftion. being put. That those Words bo* there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, J f*’- } u.

Tellers for the Noes, ^F

So it pasted in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Second Amendment in Folio 4, L. 2,. being severally rend a Second time, were,' uppn thf Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Amendment in Folio 4, L. 2, made by the Committee to the said BUI, being read a Second time;

An

16° — 170 Maii.

11 Geo. II.

18

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the ibid Amendment, by leaving out the Word and

inserting " Wells" indeed thereof.

And the Quedion being pat. That the Word Taundand Part of the said Amendment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Qnefiion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The red of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time. One of them was disagreed to, and the red were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for saving the Cudom of inrolling Deeds in Cities and Towns Corporate:

And the Quedion being put. That the said Clause be brought up-;

It passed in the Negative.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

iugrofied.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Suitors Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

Money in jug next} resolve itself into a Committee of the whole anceiy. jqoufe^ to confer farther of the Bill to authorize and impower the High Court of Chancery to lay Out, Upon proper Securities, any Monies not exceeding aSum to be limited, out of the common and general Cain in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the faith Court, for the Ease of the said Suitors, by applying the Intered airifing therefrom for answering the Charges of the Office of the Accomptant General of the said Court.

River Lett Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday dex't, at Navigation. Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confide? further of the Bill for ascertaining, preserving, and improving, the Navigation of the Rive? Lee, from the Town of Hertford to the Town of Ware, intheConntyof Hertford: and forpreservingaiid improving the said River from the said Town of the City of London; and fin* enabling the Governor and Company of the New River the better to supply the Cities of London and Wefiniinster, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, with good and wholesome Water.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine oF the Clock.

Veneris, 18*;

Anno ia* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1739. Prayers,

Charter A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act House Eiute. jfV. for the Exchange of certain Lands in the several ParHhes of Wroughton and Liddyard Treagoofet in the County of Wilts, between the Governors of the Hospital, commonly called the Charter House, and Thomas Benet of Salthrop, in the said County of Wilts, Esquire, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Lindefay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

D<ikr of Mr. Taylor reported from the Committee to whom

Norfolk’s (he ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Art Elute. enab|e Edward Duke of Norfolk to grant building Leases, for Ninety-nine Years, of all, or any Part of, his Lands in or near the Township of Sheffield, in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Party concerned had given his Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report Vol. 23.

0 Maii. 367

the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty a Sum out of the Supply Bill; Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred, and Thirty-nine; and for enabling his Majesty to apply a further Sum out of the growing Produce of the said Fund; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Art -Earl of for Sale of Part of the Estate of William Earl of Inchiqtiin, Inchiquin’s in the Kingdom of Ireland, for Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances charger) thereupon; and for settling such Part thereof as shall remain unfold, according to his Marriage Agreement, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord chy, Mr. Rawlinson Earle, Mr, Gybbon, Sir

land, Mr. Fankland, Sir Robert Munro, Colonel Clair, Brigadier Peter Campbell, Lord Sidney Beauclerk Brigadier Charles Campbell, Mr. Glanvitle, Mr. r.

Lee, Lord John Murray, Sir Abraham Elton, Mr. Bro-die, Mr. Wilkinson, Lord Wm.Manners, Mr. Knight,

Mr. Wm. Plumer, Mr. RickardPlumer, Mr. Carmichaell,

Mr. Tyner, Sir James Grant, Mr. Mackworth, Mr.

Rankes, Mr. Longuevilte, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Colonfel Bladen. Mr. Digby, Mr . Pollen, Captain Purvis, Mr.

Olmius, Mr. Lindjefay, Mr. Kent, Sir Francis Child, Sir

C/ir, Powell, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Horfmonden Turner, $ir

Jof Pennington, Sir Thomas Clarke, Sir Roger

Mr. Vere, Mr. Papillon, Colonel Selwyn, Mr. Thompson

of York, Mr. Laroche, Lord Suhdon, Mr. Bristow, Mr.

Crowle, Mr. Earle, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Sir

Thomas Read, Sir Robert Sutton-, and all the Members

who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet,

this Afternoon^ at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for repairing so much of the great CheiUr, and main Road from Chester to the City of London, as &c. leads through Dustfmore Heath, to the Town of Hill Morton, in the County of Warwick; and from thence ' through the several Parishes of Creek, West Haddon, and East Haddon, in the County of Northampton, to $t.

James's End, in the Parish of in the fame

County; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the .'Jjtle, be. An Act for repairing the Road or Highway from the,

Dun Cane,in' the Town of Dunchurch, turough the Pari fli

of Bilton, over Diinjfmbre Heath, to the Town of Hill,

Morton, in the County of Warwick; and from thenc^ through the several Pari (lies of Creek, West,

and East Haddon, in the County of Northampton, to

James's End, in the Parish of Dufion, in the said County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Nit. Digby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Williaiti Camper, of Lincoln's Inn Fields, River Lee in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, was presented to, Negation, the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner now is, and the Persons'underwhom heclaimbfiavebeen.

Timeout of Mind, entitled to several Mills, situatein the Parish of Enfield, in the County of ,. upon a

Brunch or Part of the River Lee,which, Time out of Mind,

have been supplied with, and worked by. Water issuing out of the said River: And that the Petitioner appre-; bends, and is advised, That, in case the Bill, now depending in the House, for ascertaining, preserving, and improving, the Navigation of the River Lee, from the

Town of Hertford to the Town of W in the County of Hertford; And for preserving and improving the said

River,

1


18°--21 Menu A:\-j 3 9.

River, from the said Town of to the City of

London;and for enabling the Governor and Company of the NeW River the better to supply the Cities of Tjindonand Westminster, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, with good and wholesome Water; should pass into a Law, the Petitioner will l'udain great Loss, Damage, and Hindrance, in the using and working of his Mills, by reason of the great Quantity of Water the Governor and Company of the New River are, by the said Hill, entitled to take out of the said River and be otherwise affected in his Property: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That he may be heard against the said Bill, before the same pass into a Law j or that he may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to: whom the said Bill is committed.

Import and An ingrossed Bill for taking off the Duties upon

Export of . Woollen and Bay Yarn, imported from Ireland to Eng-Vo° ’ land1 and for the effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool, and Wool manufactured, from Ireland, to foreign Parts; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do paso: And that the Title be, An Act for taking off the Duties upon Woollen and Bay Yarn, imported from to England; and for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool, and Wool manufactured, from Ireland to foreign Parts.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

Frauds in The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Gold and for better preventing Frauds and Abuses in Gold and

Silverwares. SilverWares,with some Amendments: TowhichAmend-ments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Westminster The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourn-

Bridge. ed Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Powers of the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Wor thereabouts, in the

Parish of St. Margaret, in the City of to

the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry, towards, finishing the said Bridge under their Care, and to remove all Doubts and Difficulties concerning their purchasing. and disposing of Houses and Ground, lying near to the . Streets, Ways, and Passages, on each Side the River Thames, to and from the said Bridge; and also to enable them to make Ways and Passages to and from both Houses of Parliament, and the Courts of Justice, was committed; and the Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, in Folio 2 a, L. 1, which, upon Friday the Eleventh of this Infiant May, was read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Folio 32, Line 14, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Folio 32, L. 14,

" Five hundred Pounds to be allowed to the Owner " of the fiirft-drawn Ticket, and Five thousand Pounds " to the Owner of the lall-drawn Ticket, befidesthe Be-1

*7

" nefit which may happen to belong to the Two last-

" mentioned Tickets, will amount, in the Whole, to the

" Sum of Three hundred Twenty-five thousand Pounds;

" the total Sum to be contributed by virtue of this Act,

" and applied for the Purposes therein mentioned," being read a Second time j

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out, in the Sum mentioned to be allowed to the Owner of the first-drawn Ticket, the Word " I Iundred," and inserting the Word "Thousand" instead thereof, in order to leave out, in the Sum mentioned to be allowed to the Owner of the last drawn Ticket, the Word " Thousand," and to insert the Word " Hundred" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word f* Hundeed" Hand Part of the Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth. ^4.

Tdlersfor the Yeas, j ^pL

Td.er.for. he "

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,. upon the Bill for the more easy and effectual Recovery of small Debts.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved tfelf into aCommittee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Winnington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, That they had gonethrough the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House^will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

S

X

8a.

33.

Lunaz, 2i° die Mail;

Anno n# Georgii IIdi Regis, 1739. Prayers.

MR. Carew reported from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to establish and confirm an Agreement made between Sir William Courtenay Baronet, and his Brother Henry Beginald Courtenay Esquire, and to render the same more eflc6tual for the several I fes and Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, That the Committee had examined and found, That the Orders of the House,concerningNoiicesto be given in Ireland, before any private Bill relating to Eiiates there be brought in,

had

Recovery of Small Debts.

Carrying Sugar directly from the Colouies to foreign Parts.

Courtenay's

Agreement*

12 Geo., It;

had1 been complied with: and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confeut. to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: And that the Committee had directed him to re-porttbe Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered tl.* Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Founts’ Mr. Banks reported from the Committee to whom Fluke. theingrossed Bill, from the I.o.ds, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Coitrity of Soincrfet, being Part of the settled Ellate of Thomas Faunas Esquire, in Trull, to be sold; and for settling other Lands, in the County utDcixm, of greater Value, to the same Ul'es, in lieu thereof; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed Ijim to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

XVfltons* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act *at* for naturalizing John De/kons,was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cafcio, "Mv. Hitugerford, Mr. Hay, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Earle, Mr. Whitu.orth, S,; Francis Boxpit on, Mr. Robert Hacks,

Sir Nathanael Curzott, Mr. Lord Sidney Beau-

clerk, M w Brad/haw, Mr. Mr. Kent. Mr.

Gregory, Sir JoJ.Pennington, General , Mr. Lech-

there, \'r. Cor next all, Mr. Lawton, Mr

Mr. Rafe, Mr. Hates, Mr. Brereton, Mr.

Captain Tojonfhend, Colonel Steuart, Mr. /'Ianbury Williams, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Balle, Sir Thomas Clarke, Mr.

Letcis, Lord Harry PowMr. Turner,

Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. ClMr. Tracy, Sir Francis Child, Sir (Cm. Heath cote, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Hen. Archer, Mr. OJbaldefon, Sir C/ir. Lord Sundon, Mr. Harley, Mr. White, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Mr.

Brijlmo, Mr. Croxdc, Sir Wm. Clayton, Sir James Grant, Sir Wm. Gage, Mr. Danvers, Sir Geo. Cqfwall, Sir Robert Grosvenor: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Cloek in the Speaker’s Chamber.

ttegiflers An ingrossed Bill for the publick Registering of all of Deedsj&c. Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and other incumbrances, that flia.ll be made of, or that may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within tliftt Part of Great Britain called wherein publick Regitiers are not already appointed by Act of Parliament, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, to provide for the Appointment of a Town Clerk, or Clerk of the Peace, in case where the Person appointed a Register by the Bill shall be a ' Member of Parliament:

Ami the said Clause was thrice read; and, Upon the Qucfiion put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, for the Appointment of alle-gifier, in Cafes where the Person appointed by the Rill shall refuse to act, or resign his Office:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks, which were filled up.

Then the said Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

A Motion being made, and the Queliion being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The-Yeas went forth.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And that the Title be. An Act for the publick Regis- > toring of all Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may assess, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within that Part of Great Britain tailed England, wherein publick llegillers are not already appointed by Act of Parliament:

Ordered, That Air. Stephen Fox do carry the Rill to the Lords, and detire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Reverend Du John Thomas, Rector Dr.Thomajf of St. Vedast, in London, be deiired to preach before this |° preach oil House, at St. Margaret's Westminster upon the 9ttl bt

29th Day of this instant May: And that Mr.

Mr. Henry Archer, and Mr. Longeuville, do acquaint him therewith; ,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day* for the House Supply, torefolve itself iuto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petition of Thomas Claphamfon and Solomon Mcrrett, in behalf of them lei ves, and others concerned in the Ship SanclaIsabella, which was pre- , fented to the House upon the .5th Day of March halt, and then referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the Pardo, January the 14th 1739, N, S. and the fe--parate Articles belonging the reunto, wi.th the several Ratifications thereof, be referred to tlfi's. Committee.

Ordered, That, the Paper which was produced as Evidence by the said Sol mm a Merrelt *bCfore that Committee be referred to this Committee. f

Mr. Chancellor of the'Exchequer;., by his Majesty's,

Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty,_ , being informed of the Contents of; the said Petition recommends it to their Consideration. ,v

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- . mittee. . > , ;.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis-Fane took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. . '

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into: River Lee a Committee of the whole House to consider further of Navigation, the Bill for ascertaining, preferring, and improving,*thfe j Navigation-of the IliVer Let, from the Town of Hert- ford.io the Town of Ware, in the County of and for preserving anfl improving the said Riverj from the said Town of Ware to the City of London; and for enabling the Governor and Company of the AVr> Rhser the better to supply the Cities of Ixmdon &Ttd Jier, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof 'with godd and wholesome Water. '

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. '*

Sir Thomas Clarke took the Chair of the Cortimitte

Mr. Speaker refnmed the Chair. '

Sir Thomas Clarke reported frdm fhe Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made fevetal Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That !the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

Voi,. 2£.

Mr. Winnington,

M r. Hanbury Williams

Mr. Dig by,

Mr. Mackworth:


9°«

26.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Wav* night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tt0<* Mean*.

5B to

21* — 32* Matt,

37°

d 1739-

to consider further of Ways and Means^for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Suitors Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom*

Moaey ia ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Chancery. confJfjer further of the Bill to authorize and imjwwer the High Court of Chancery to lay out, upon proper Securities, any Monies, not exceeding a Sum to he limited, out of the common and generalCalh in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, for the Ease of the said Suitors, by applying the Interest anting therefrom for answering the Charges of the Office of the Accomptant General of the said Court-

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednffday Mom-

&nking jpg nextv resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 0,1 House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a Sum out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-nine; and for enabling his Majesty to apply a further Sum out of the growing Produce of the said Fund.

Recovery of Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-

Small Debt*. jngi resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more eaiy and effectual Recovery of small Debts.

And then the House adjourned til! Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mortis, 2 2* die Maii;

Anno ii° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1739. Praters.

Courtenay’s A N ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Agreement. Jk\ to establish and confirm an Agreement made between Sir William Courtenay Baronet, and his Brother Reginald Courtenay Esquire, and to render the same effectual for the several Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Westminster An ingrafted Bill to enlarge the Powers of the Corn- Bridge. missioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Woolstaple, or thereabouts, in the Parish of St. Margaret, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry, towards finishing the said Bridge under their Care; and to remove all Doubts and Difficulties concerning their Purchaling and Dispofiag of Housesjmd Ground, lying near to the Streets, Ways, and Passages, on each Side the River , to and from the find Bridge, and also to enable them to make Ways and Passages to and from both Houses of Parliament, \ and the Courts of Justice; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 5. L. 39. After the Word " Person," to insert " or Persons:"

Pr. 13. L. *4. After the Word " Bodies," to insert the Worn " Politick:"

Pr. 15. L. 34. After the Word " they," to insert " or any Nine or more of them:"

And the same were, upon the Question severally pat thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Powers of the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the lVoolflaple,or thereabouts, in the Parish of St. Margaret, in the City of Westminster,to the opposite Shore, in the , County of Suny;and to enable them, by a Lottery, to

raise Money for the several Purposes therein mentioned;

and to enlarge the Time for exchangingTickets unclaimed in the last Lottery for the f.iid Bridge; and to make Provision for Tickets in the said Lottery loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Ordered, That the Lord Sundon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

After which the Blank left in tin* Bill for the Title thereof, was filled up by the Clerk at the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Plymouth the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for "r,t-electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, Hi the room of the honourable Robert Byng Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Qffice of Governor of his Majesty’s Island of Barbadoes.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to New the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Shoreham electing a Burgess to l'erve in this present Parliament ' n,‘ for the Borough of Ncxc Shoreham, in the County of Suffix, in the room of John P’tUUpfbn Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners of his Majestyrs Navy.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Supply, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to Ids Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

' Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for making Satisfaction to Solomon Merrett of London, Merchant, for himself and others, late Owners of the Ship Sanfla If a Spanish Man of War, taken by his late Majesty’s Fleet near Sicily, in the Year 1718, and sold to them; which Ship was afterwards delivered up to the Spania, pursuant to a Treaty between the Two Crowns.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was,

3ion the Questioa put thereupon, agreed to by the ouse.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House, Suitor* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Money in to consider further of the Bill to authorize and impower t-’haacery. the High Court of Chancery to lay out, upon proper Securities, any Monies, not exceeding a Sum to be limited, out of the common and general Calli in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, for the Ease of the said Suitors, by applying the Interest arising therefrom for answering the Charges of the Office of the Accomptant General of the said Court, he now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committ ee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Winnington, according to Order, reported from Carrying

the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Sugar digranting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Pro- n^tly r,oru duce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies, directly to Pans foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according toLaw, was committed, the A mend ments which the Committee had rpade to the Bill; and which 6 they

Recovery of Small Debt*.

Importation of printed Books*

i 2 Geo. II.

they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Rill, v itli the nendinents, in at the Clerk’s Table; "Where the Anrienotnents were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by oi>e; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to l'ome of them, agreed to by the House.

A Claul'e was offered, to be added to the Bill, to extend the Provisions therein made to Ireland:

And the said Claul'e was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolled.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more easy and effectual Recovery of final I Debts.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wilkinjbn took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refitmed the Chair.

Mr. Wilkinson reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Fox have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And The Honfeproceeded to take iuto Cousideration ttfe Amendments, made by the Lords, to the bill, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and fitft composed or written, and printed in Great Britain; and for limiting the Prices of Books: Aud the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 2. L. 18. After "allowed," insert and, if the Offence be committed in Scotland, to be recovered before the Court of Session there by fuuimar Action: " Provided, That this Act shall not extend to any Book " that has not been printed, or reprinted, in thicKing- dom within Twenty Years before the same shall be imported

L. 30. Leave out from that" to the End of the Bill, and insert "fo much of an Act, made in the " Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen " Anne,intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of

" I earning, by veiling the Copies of printed Books in the Authors, or Purchasers, of such Copies, during the " Times therein mentioned , whereby it is provided and " enabled. That if any Bookselleror Booksellers, Printer " or Printers, shall, after the said Five-and-twentieth ' Day of March 1710, let a Price upon, or fell, or ex- pole to 3ale any Book or Books at such a Price or Rate as shall be conceived by any Person or Persons " to be high and unreasonable, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to make Complaint thene>of, to the Lord Archbishop of , for the Time

being, the Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britaint for the Time being, the Lord Bishop of London, for the Time being, the Lord * Chief Justice of the Court of Queen’s Bench, the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, for the Time u being, the Vice Chancellors of the Two Universities, u for the Time being, in that Part of Great England; the Lord President of the Sessions, for the

»« Time being, the Lord Justice General, for the Time u being, the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer, for the Time being, the Rector of the Collegeof,

" for the Time being, in that Part of Great Britain " called Scotland; who, or any One of them, shall and have hereby full Power and Authority, from time to Vol. 23.

37*

" time, to fend for, summdti, or cal! before him pi1 them, " such Bookseller or Booksellers, Printer or Printers, and to examine and inquire of the Reason of the Dearness " and Inhancement of the Price or Value of such Book " or Books by him or them so fold, or exposed to Sale j " and if, upon such Enquiry and Examination, it shall " be found, that the Price of such Book or Books is in-hanced, or anywise too high or unreasonable: then, and in such Case, the said Archbishop of Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper, Bishop of London, " Two Chief Justices, Chief Baron, Vice Chancellors of the Universities, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and the said Lord Presideiit of Sessions, Lord

Justice General, Lord Chief Baron, the Rector of the " College of Edinburgh, in that Part of Great Britain " called Scotland, or any One or more of them, so in- quiring and examining, have hereby full Power and " Authority to reform and redress the fame, and to limit and settle the Price of every such printed Book and Books, from time to time, according to the bell of their Judgments, and as to them shall seem just and " reasonable; and, in case of Alteration of the Rate or *e Price from what was set or demanded by such Bookseller or Booksellers, Printer or Printers, to award and " order fuchBookletler and Booksellers, Printerand Printers, to pay all the Colls and Charges, that the Person " or Persons so complaining shall be put unto, by reafott of such Complaint, and of the causing such Rate or " Price to be so limited and settled; all which shall be " done by the said Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord " Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, Bishop of London, Two " Chief Justices, Chief Baron, Vice Chancellors of the M Two Universities, in that Part of Great Britain called " England, and the said Lord President of the Sections, Lord Justice General, Lord Chief Baron, and Rector " of the College of Edinburgh, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or any One of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals; and thereof publick " Notice shall be forthwith given, by the said Bookseller " or Booksellers, Printer or Printers, by an Advertisemeat in the Gazette; and if any Bookseller or Book- fellers. Printer or Printers, shall, after such Settlement " made of the said Rate and Price, fell, or expose to Sale,

any Bouk or Books at a higher or greater Price than " what shall have been so limited and settled, as aforesaid, then, and in every such Case, such Bookseller and " Booksellers, Printer and Printers, shall forfeit the Sum u of Five Pounds for every such Book so by him, her, or " them, fold, or exposed to Sale; One Moiety thereof to " the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, her Heirs, and Successors, and the other Moiety to any Person or " Persons that shall sue for the dime; to be recovered, " with Cods of Suit, in any of her Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, %l or Information: in which no Wager of Law, Essoign, " Privilege, or Protection, or more than Onelmparlance, shall be allowed; and every Part of the said Clause shall be, and the same is hereby repealed: And be it " further Enabled, That this Act (except so much there- of as repeals the before-mentioned Clause in the said " Act, of the Eighth Year of the Reign of the late Queen

Anne, relating to the Prices of Books) shall continue and be in force, from the said 29th Day of September " 1739, for and during the Space of Seven Years, arid " from thence to the End of the then next Session of *l Parliament, and no longer

In the Title of the Bill* Line 5. After for" insert " repealing so much of an Act, made in the Eighth " Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, as impowers the."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Fox do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them,. That this House bath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

And

Maxi.

Go $Ie

Collecton of County Jtitrs, Sec*

Bonds taken of M afters of Ships* &c.

A As relating to Persons being Justices of Assize in their own Counties.

Duke of Norfolk's Estatet

Lear’s

Lftate.

2 a0 — 2 J Mail. A. 1739.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue of the Clock.

to the fame, with fdmfe' Antehdiftents: To which Amendme nts this House doth delire the Concurrence of their Lordlliips.

Mercurii, 230 die \

Anno 12* Georgii II41 Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Shaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more easy Afl'efling, Collecting, and Levying of County Rates, without any Amendment. And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George*, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the publick Revenues of Excise, Customs, Stamp Duties, Poll Office, and House Money, relating to the Condition of Bonds taken from Mailers of Ships; and to indemnify Persons who have acted under the said Mistake; and atlb to obviate a Doubt which has arisen upon an Act, made in the Seventh Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, for tl»e further preventing his Majesty’s Subjects from trading to the Kofi Indies under foreign Commissious; and for encouraging and further securing the lawful Trade thereto; with regard to the Prosecutions in Ireland,in a summary way, for the fraudulent Importation of Kafi India Goods into that Kingdom;

without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second, intituled. No Man of Law shall be Justice of Assize or Gaol Deli? very in his own Qouqtry; and another Act, made in the Th irty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act that none shall be Justice of Assize in Lis own Country, Sic.; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Edward Duke, of Norfolk to grant Building Leases, for Ninety-nine Years, of all, or any Part, of his Lands in or near the Township of Sheffield, in the County of York, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Taylor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Sir John Lear Baronet, deceased, in the County of , for Payment of his Debts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Tl^e Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the First Amendment made to the said Bill,by thc Committee to whom the same was committed, and agreed to by the House; viz.

In that Part of the said Amendment which directs that Words be left out from the First; " the" to as," in Line 21. by leaving out " as," and inserting of" instead of "as;" and in that Part of the said Amendment which directs that Words be inserted, by leaving out the Words " of Bishops Teington and.;" in order to rectify a Mistake, made by the said Committee; who, in the First Part of said Amendment, had directed the Words " of " Bishops Teington and" to be left out, and, in the Second Part thereof, had directed the same Words, " with others," to be inserted.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Rejoined, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

Rafs.

' Ordered, Tljat Mr. Carezo do carry the Bill to the , L$>rds, afkl acquaint them. That this House hath agreed

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Suitor* the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to in

authorize and impower the High Court of Chancery to Cnautwy. lay Oht, Upon proper Securities, any Monies not exceeding a Sum to be limited, out of the common and general Call! in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, for the Eafeof the said Suitors, by applying the Interest arising therefrom, for answering the Charges of the Office of the Accomptant General of the said Court, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which tln-y ha I directed him to report to "the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments*'in at the Clerk’s Tables Where the Amendments were once read throughout; anil then a Second time, one by one; and, "upon the QuefKuu severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, Thai the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

r

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act j aws to obviate some Doubts, which have ariten upon the ing tanned Construction of an Act, made in the First Year of she Leather. Reign of King 11'illiant and Queen Man/, iivtiruled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the Firih concerning tanned Leather; and for rendering more effectual aClause in the said last mentioned Act, which obliges Curriers to curry Leather; with some Amendments; To which Amend* inents the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords to the said Bill, be taken into Cousideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House* Supply BiB* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, sinking upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a Sum out of lund* the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-nine; and for enabling his Majesty to apply a further Sum out of the growing Produce of the said Fund; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, for further appropriating the Supplies granted in thisSession of Parliament.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Commit-' tee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, for giving further Time for Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties, omitted to be paid, for their Indentures or Contracts.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.'

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. '

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report^ when the House will pleaie to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for granting a Liberty to carry Su- Carrying gars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufactttrc, of any Sugar di-of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in Amfrom the said dulonle*

Colonies, directl v to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great toforvigu Britain, and navigated according to Law, was read the l’arw.

Third Time.

The

12 Geo. II. 2 3* — 14* Mail.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 1. L. 5. After the Word Act," to insert " made:"

Pr. 5. L. 33. After the Word " Property," to iafert "thereof:"

Pr. 17. L. 39. After the Word "his," to insert " her or their:"

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies, directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law.

Ordered, That Mr. Winninglon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

River Lee Sir Thomas Clarke, according to Order, reported from Navigation, the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for afc^rtaining, preserving, and improving, the Navigation of the River Lee, from the Town of Hei-tfordto the Town of Ware, in the County of Hertford, and for preserving and imprdving the said River from the said Town of Ware to the City of London: and for enabling the Governor and Company of the New River the better to supply the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, with good and wholefonie Water; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to dome of them, agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Recovery of Mr. Wilkinson, according to the Order of the Day, re-mmU Debts. porte(j from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more easy and effectual Recovery of small Debts, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovi sy 40 Maii;

Anno 12* Georgii II" Regis, 1739.

Pray ebs.

Fowne*’ . A ingrafted Bill from the Ix>rds, intituled, An Act Estate. /l for veiling divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Somerset, being Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Fatenes Esquire, in Trust, to be sold; and for settling other Lands, in the County of Devon, of greater Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bankes do carry the Bill to the V01. 23.

Lords, and acqdaint them, 't'hat this rfouie hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Wilkiifon reported from the Committee to whotri Ddhom* the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Nat* naturalizing John Dejfhons, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee bad directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Tablev

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Supply Bill; the Committee of the whole Hftufe, to whom the Bill for Sinking granting to his Majesty a Sum out of the Sinking Fund, unu’ for the Service of tire Year One thousand Seven hundred Thirty-nine; and for enabling his Majesty to apply a further Sum out of the growing Produce of the said Fund J was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fere* rally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for the more easy and effectual Re- Recovery of covery of small Debts, was read the Third time. Small Debts.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more easy and effectual Recovery of small Debts.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Laws re_ Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill* intituled, speding tan-An Act to obviate some Doubts which have arisen upon ned Leather, the Construction of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled.

An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather; and for rendering more effectual a Clause in the said last mentioned Act, which obliges 1 Curriers to curry Leather:

And the said Amendments were once read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 3. L. 21. Leave out from the Word "Dilcretion" to " And be it further Enacted," in the 28th Line, and insert Clauses A, B, and C:

Clause A: " And be it farther Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall " think himself or themselves aggrieved by the Determination of the Justice or Justices, it shall and may bd " lawful for such Person or Persons to appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be next held " for such County, City, Town Corporate, Liberty, or Place, where such Offence shall be committed; and " that the Determination of the Justices, or the major Part of them, then and there made, shall be conclusive " and final, to all Intents and Purpose whatsoever; and " that no Certiorari shall be allowed, to remove any Determination or Proceedings, as above directed:"

Clause B: " And be it farther Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid. That the Two Clauses in an Act, made " in the First Year of King James the First, intituled,

" An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoe-makers,

and other Artificers, occupying the cutting of Leather,

" which prohibit any Persons, dwelling in London, the " Liberties thereof, or within Three Miles of the said " City, occupying wet curried Leather in their Art or " Occupation, to put forth such Leather to be curried,

" but to such Persons as are free of the Company of Curriere of the City of London, under Pain of Forfeiture

5 C of

Suitors Money in Chancery.

374 *4® — 250 Mail. A. 1739.

" of such Leather, or the Value thereof; and also prohibiting any Persons, within the said City, or Three " Miles Distance, to put in any made Wares any curried " Leather, before the same shall be searched and allowed " by the Wardens of the Curriers of , and be

" sealed with their Seal, upon Pain of forfeiting, for " every Hide or Skin otherwise curried or employed, " Six Shillings and Eight Pence; and the Value of such " Hide or Skin shall, from and after the said Twentyfourth Day of June, be, and are, by this present Act, " repealed, and made void, to all Intents and Purposes " whatsoever; any thing in the said recited Act, or any " other Act, contained to the contrary thereof, in any " wise notwithstanding

ClauseC: " Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, " to lelTen, or to take away, any Power or Privilege " given to the said Company of Curriers by Charter or

Grant, so far as they may or can use or exercise the " fame, in the City of London, or Liberties thereof:"

To the Title of the Bill, add "and for repealingTwo " Clauses in the said last mentioned Act."

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Amendments be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for ,he Yea,> 55.

Tellers for the Noes,^; . J 61.

So it passed in the Negative.

And the First of the said Amendments, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Amendment was read a Second time; and, being an ingrossed Clause, was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Third Amendment'was read a-Second time 5 and, being likewise an ingrossed Clause, was read the Third time:

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

An ingrossed Bill to authorize and impower the High Court of Chancery to lay out, upon proper Securities, any Monies not exceeding a Sum to be limited, out of the common and general Calli in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, for the Ease of the said Suitors, by applying the Interest arising therefrom for answering the Charges of the Office of the Ac-comptant General of the said Court, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to impower the High Court of Chancery to lay out, upon proper Securities, any Monies not exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the common and general Calli in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, for the Ease of the said Suitors, by applying the Interest arising therefrom for answering the Charge# of the Office of the Accomptant General of the said Court.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V meris, 2 5* die Mail; Anno 12® Georgii IIdi Regis, 1739.’

Prayers.

THE Lord Glenorchy reported from the Committee Earl of to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- Inchiquin‘4 . tuled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of William Earlo {Inchiquin, in the Kingdom of Ireland, for Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances charged thereupon; and for settling such Part thereof as shall remain unfold, according to his Marriage Agreement; was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found, the Orders of the House, concerning Notices to be given in Ireland, before any private Bill relating to Estates there be brought in, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as follow;

Press 14. L. 1. Leave out " Bellchariett KilvabritU " way," and, instead thereof, insert " Bellhariett Kilva " Brittway:'

Press 26. L. 25. Leave out " the."

The said Amendments, being severally read aSecond time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Defliom* for naturalizing John De/iotis, was read the Third time. N*. Resolved, That the Bill do pais.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkinjim do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty a Sum Supply Bill; out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One Si nking thousand Seven hundred Thirty-nine j and for enabling his Majesty to apply a further Sum out of the growing Produce of the said Fund; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do p.afs: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred Thirty-nine; and for enabling his Majesty to raise the further Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds out of the growing Produce of the said Fund; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for giving Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deflre their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Frauds in1 Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Gold and An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in Gold and StlwWsuw. Silver Wares:

And the said Amendments were read, and are as follow; viz.

Press 4. L, 21. Leave out the Word "felliDg:"

Pr. 5. L. 23. LeavC from " Lockets" to " and, " in the 14th Line of the 6th Press, and, instead thereof, add a Clause, marked X:

X: " Provided also, and it is hereby Enacted, That " if ahy Shopkeeper, or other Person, trading, or dealing in Gold and Silver Wares (not being the Maker " or Worker thereof), shall happen to export, fell, or " expose to Sale, any Gold or Silver Wares, worse than " the respective Standards, and shall, within Fourteen

16 " Days


Googb

IM

12 Geo. II.

375

River Lee Navigation.

25" — -30* Mail.

*. Days next after Notice of the Coarseness thereof to him or her given, discover and make known to the " Party aggrieved, or to the Master, Wardens, or Clerk, " of any of the Companies of Goidsmiths belonging to

the Place or District within which such Shopkeeper, M or other Person trading or dealing in Gold or Silver Wares, as aforesaid, shall reside, the Name and Place " of Abode of the Maker or Worker thereof, or of the " Person or Persons of whom such Shopkeeper, or other " Person, trading or dealing in Gold or Silver Wares, as aforesaid, really bought such coarse Gold or Silver

Wares, and shall produce him, her, or them, if living, " so that he, the Or they, may be sued or prosecuted for the same; and if such Shopkeeper, or other Person, trading or dealing in Gold or Silver Wares, who fold, " ex poled to Sale, or exported, the fame, shall, at any Tryal to be had against such Maker or Worker, or such other Person or Persons of whom the same were bought, " as aforesaid, for such Offence, give or produce material Evidence against such Maker or Worker, or such " other Person of whom the same were bought, as aforesaid, and the Judge before whom the Cause shall be " tried shall, under his Hand, upon the Record, certify the fame, and also that there did not, on such Tryal, " appear any Ground to believe that such Shopkeeper, or other Person trading or dealing in Gold or Silver * Wares as aforesaid, was concerned in, or privy to, " such Fraud; or if such Shopkeeper or Dealer shall, on the Tryal of any Suit or Prosecution against him, her, or themfel ves, concerning the Premises, prove, that he, (lie, or they, delivered to such Maker or Worker a sufficient Quantity of Standard Gold or Silver to make the said Wares, and paid a reasonable Price for the Fafliioo, thereof; or paid such Maker or Worker, or " other Person or Persons, a Market-price for Standard

Gold or Silver of that Weight, besides a reasonable " Price for the Fashion thereof; then, and in any or " either of the said Cafes, such Shopkeeper or Dealer " shall be, and is hereby exempted and discharged from any Penalty or Forfeiture to be incurred by this Act, for exporting, felling, or exposing to Sale, such coarse " Gold or Silver Wares, as aforesaid, and from any Action, Suit, or Prosecution, for the fame; any thing herein contained to the contraryin anywise notwith- (landing: Provided alwaj’s, That it shall not be necessary for such Shopkeeper, or other Persons trading " or dealing in Gold or Silver Wares, who fold, exposed to Sale, or exported, such coarse Gold or Silver Wares, " as aforesaid, to give or produce such material Evi- dence, or to procure such Certificate, as aforesaid, in " order to his Indemnity or Discharge from any Penalty " or Forfeiture by virtue of this Act, unless such Tryal u against such Maker or Worker, or other Person, " of whom the same were bought as aforesaid, shall be 4‘ had within Four Terms after such Discovery made, as " aforesaid, respectively; nor unless reasonable Notice shall be given to such Shopkeeper, or other Person " trading or dealing in Gold or Silver Wares, as aforesaid, of the Time of such Tryal."

The several Amendments being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Child do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordftups.

An ingrossed Bill for ascertaining, preserving, and improving the Navigation of the River from the Tow n of Hertford to the Town of Ware, in the County of Hertford; and for preserving and improving the said River from the said Town of Ware to the City of London, and for enabling the Governor and Company of the New River the better to supply the Cities of London and Wcfminster, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, with good and wholesomeWater; was read the Third time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill do pass;

Vql. 23.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, c/^nf } 9'

Tellersfe.heNM,^r;AiT,«J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And that the Title be, An Act for ascertaining, preserving, and improving, the Navigation of the River Lee, from the Town of Hertford, to the Town of Ware in the County of Hertford; and for preserving and improving the said River, from the said Town of Ware to the new Cut or River made by the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of London; and for enabling the Governor and Company of the Nezo River the better to supply the Cities of Ljondonand Westminster, and the Liberties and

Suburbs thereof, with good and wholesome Water.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clarke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 309 die Maii;

Anno 12® Georgii IIdi Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Thanks of this House be Dr.Thomas given to the Reverend Dr. Thomas, for the Sermon thanked* by him preached before this House Yesterday, at St. Margaret's, Westminster-, and that he be desired to print the fame: And that Mr. Walpole, Mr. Henry Archer, and Mr. Lottgueville, do acquaint him therewith.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of for Saleof Part of the Estate of William Earl of in the Kingdom of Ireland, for Payment of the Debts "ate‘ and Incumbrances charged thereupon; and for settling such Part thereof as shall remain unfold, according to his Marriage Agreement.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Glenorchy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there- Laws re-unto subscribed, beingCurriers, living in and about the spe&ingtan-City of London, and Liberties thereof, and within Three ned Leather* Miles of the said City, on behalfof themselves, and many others; praying, That the Petitioners maybe heard,by their Counsel, against the Third Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to obviate some Doubts which..... arisen upon the Construction of an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of Kingjawiw the First, concerning tanned Leather; and for rendering more effectual a Clause, in the said last mentioned Act, which obliges Curriers to curry Leather; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House (half seem meet; being offered to be presented to the House;

And the Question being put. That the said Petition be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

}tu

So it passed in the Negative.

A Message

376

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

Bath Roads. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing and enlarging the Highways between the Top of Kings-dtnvnand the City of Bath, and for amending several other Highways leading to the said City; and for cleansing, paving, and enlightening, the Streets, and regulating the Chairmen there; and for keeping a regular nightly Watch within the said City, and Liberties thereof; without any Amendment. And also,

Spittlegate The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Hill Roads, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Spittlegate Hill, near Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham, without any Amendment. And also,

Lear’* The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made Mate, by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late o Baronet, deceased,

in the County of Devon, for Payment of his Debts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. And also, Stephens The lx>rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Medicines for providing a Reward to Joanna Stephens, upon a pro-t ie tone. Discovery to be made by her, for the Use of the rublick, of the Medicines prepared by her for the Cure of the Stone, without any Amendment. And also, Dunchurch The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Road. for repairing the Road or Highway, from the Dun Com in the Town of Dunchurch, through the Parish of Bilton, over DunfmoreHeath to the Town of Hill Morion, in the County of Warwick, and from thence through the several

Parishes of Creek, Weji and East in

the County of Northampton, to St. James's End, in the Parish of Duflon, in the said County of Northampton, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read;

Laws re- The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon One

«! ^LeLher* Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, in-

er. An Act to obviate some Doubts, which have arisen

upon the Construction of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King William attd Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather; and for rendering more effec-taal aClause in the said last mentioned Act, which obliges Curriers to curry Leather.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fourth Amendment, made by the Lords to the said Bill, was read a Second time; and, being an ingrossed Proviso, was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The next and last Amendment, made by the Lords, which was to the Title of the said Bill, was read a Second time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Gore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Montagu:

Air. Speaker,

Private The Londs have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lotteries, for explaining and making more effectual the several Laws therein mentioned, for suppressing Lotteries, denominated Sales, and other private Lotteries, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords deflre the Concurrence of this House.

A. 1739.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 4, L. 31. After " Cards," insert " or Dice

L. 33. Leave out " and;" and, after " Bafset," insert " and Hazard

L. 39. Leave out " or and, after " Bafset," insert " or Hazard

Pr. 5, I.. 1. Leave out " and;" and, after " Bafset," insert " and Hazard

L. 3. Leave out and ;" and, after " Bafset," insert " and -Hazard

Pr. 6, L. 27. After " excepting," insert " Two " thirds of

L. 30. After "which," insert " Two Thirds:"

L. 40. Leave out " andand, after " Bafset," insert " and Hazard :"

41. The same Amendments:

Pr. 7, L. 3. Leave out " publickly:"

L. 5. Leave out " or;"

L. 6. Leave out from " Baflet" to " shall," in the 9th Line, and insert or Hazard:"

L. 25. Leave out the Second " or:"

L. 26. After " Basset," insert " or Hazard:"

Pr. 10,‘L. 10. Leave out the First " or; and, after " Basset," insert " or Hazard :"

Pr. 11, L. 8. Leave out from " any," to " Royal," in the 10th Line.

L. 11. After " shall," insert " then:"

And several of the said Amendments, as far as the Amendment in Press 6, L. 27, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Amendment in Pr. 6, L. 27, being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TeUersfor the W' } «4-

Tellers for tire Noes,| ^ZcThuch: .} 4‘'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the said Amendments, as far as the Amendment in Prefsy, L.3, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Pre(s7, L.3, being read a Second time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the further Consideration of the said Amendments be adjourned till this Day Month;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,^®"^ J «.

Tellers for the Noes, j m/Z/ ]

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock:

' And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Prerenticm the more effectual preventing of excessive and deceitful of Gating. Gaming: And that Mr. Carew, Mr. John Pitt, Mr.

Dodington, and Colonel Bladen, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

And then the House adjourned till To*morr°w Morning, Nine of the Clock.

30° Mail

foy -ij

Prevention of Gaming.

Pl-evention of Gaming.

The Lords desire Leave for a M e ruber to attend them.

Prevention

of Gaming.

12 Geo. II. i° . — i°~

x*->

Jovis, 31° d;

Anno 12° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1739. Prayers.

MR. Carew presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual preventing of excessive and deceitful Gaming: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the Bill be now read a Second time. And the Bill was accordingly read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. lhfolved. That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

-40 — 50 — 70 Jun377

Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, N ine of the Clock.

Lunes, 4° d Junii;

Anno 12* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill 4pr the more effectual preventing of excessive and deceitful Gaming, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the mope effectual preventing of excessive and deceitful Gaming.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Venerisy I. d Junii 5 Anno X2# Georgii IIdiRegis, 1739.

Prayers.

H E Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing of excessive and deceitful Gaming.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carexv took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carezv reported from the Committee. That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Bennet:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords having now under their Consideration the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies, directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; their Lordships do desire. That this House will give Leave, That Richard Gildart Esquire, a Member of this House, may attend the House of Lords, as a Witness upon the said Bill.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Gildart, being present, flood up in his Place, and declared, That he was willing, with the Leave of the House, to go to the House of Lords, as is desired by their Lordships, in the said Message.

Resolved, That Richard Gildart Esquire, a Member of this House, have Leave to go to the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships in their said Message, if he thinks fit.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing of excessive anddeceitful Gaming, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Carezo accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a

'Vox.. 23.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 50 Junii;

Anno 12* Georgi Ildi Regis, 1739. Prayers.

M E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of’ Part of the Estate of William Earl of in the Kingdom of Ireland, for Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances charged thereupon; and for settling such Part thereof as shall remain unfold, according to his Marriage Agreement. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to impower the High Court of Chancery to lay out, upon proper Securities, any Monies, not exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the common and general Cash in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, for the Ease of the said Suitors, by applying the Interest arising therefrom for answering the Charges of the Office of the Accomptant General of the said Court, without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for taking off the Duties upon Woollen and Bay Yarn, imported (tom Ireland to England; and for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool, and Wool manufactured, from Ireland, to foreign Parts; without any Amendment. Aud then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis y 70 d Junii;

Anno 12* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1739. Prayers.

/yRDERED, That the Reverend Dr. Gaily, Rector of St. Giles in the Fields, be desired to preach before this House, at St. Margaret's, Westminster, upon Monday the Eleventh Day of this instant June, being the Anniversary of his Majesty’s happy Accession to the Throne: And that Mr. William Thompson and Mr. Laroche do acquaint him therewith.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Edwards:

5D Mr.

Prevention of Gaming.

Earl of

IncijHjuin’s Estate.

Suitors Money in Chancery.

Import and Export of Wool.

Dr. Gaily tt preach on 11th Jun*

378 7° — 8° — iz* — ^.1739.

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sinking for granting to his Majesty the Sum of Five hundred funti thousand Pounds, but of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-nine; and for enabling his Majesty to raise the further Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, out of the growing Produce of the said Fund; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this SeflTion of Parliament; and for giving Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to paid, for the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices, without any Amendment. And also,

‘Westminster The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bridge. to enlarge the Powers of the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River , from the , or

thereabouts, in the Parish of St. Margaret, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry, and to enable them, by a Lottery, to raise Money for the several Purposes therein mentioned; and to enlarge the Time for exchanging Tickets unclaimed, in the last Lottery for the said Bridge; and to make Provision for Tickets in the said Lottery loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; without any Amendment.

Aud then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 0 "Junii;

Anno 1 a* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1739. PraYers.

AM ESS A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

Prevention The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act «f Gaming, for the more effectual preventing of excessive and deceitful Gaming, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 12° die;

Anno 13* Georgii ID* Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

Dr. Gaily f\R DE R E D, That the Thanksof thisHouse be given

thanked. to the Reverend Dr. Gaily, for the Sermon by him preached before this House, Yesterday at Margarets, Westminster; and that he be desired to print the fame: And that Mr. William and Mr

do acquaint him therewith.

Colonies in America, from the said Colonies, directly* to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, with some Amendments;

To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the River Le* Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled. Navigation* An Act for ascertaining, preserving, and improving, the Navigation of the River Lee, from the Town of to the Town of Ware, in the County of Hertford; and for preserving and improving the said River from the said Town of Ware, to the new Cut or River, made by the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, of London and for enabl ing the Governor and Company of the River the better to supply the Citiesof London and and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, with good and wholesome Water.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 10. L. 5. Leave out from " Cafe" to " and" in the 11 th Line:

Pre(s 17. L. 10. After " thereof," insert " or any " Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, through which the " Stream of the said Nezo River, or any Part thereof,

" runs; or in, upon, or through, which, any Watercourses. Canals, Ponds, Reservatories, Mains, or Pipes,

" are, or have been, made or laid; Saving also and reserving, unto all Persons whatsoever, Owners of any " Lands and other Hereditaments through which the " said New River runs, all their Rights and Privileges,

" which, by an Act of Parliament, palfed in the Third " Year of the Reign of his Majesty King James the First, intituled, An Act for the bringing in a frelli Stream of " running Water into the North Part of the City of " London, are saved and reservedj and also faring and

" reserving to the several Owners of any Lands, or other " Hereditaments, through which any of the said Com- '

" paniesMaiusor Pipes are, or shall be, laid, such yearly *c Rents, Satisfaction, or Recompence, as the said Company is, or shall, by Agreement, be liable to pay and " discharge

L. 22. Leave out or in relation to the

" Premises

L. 24. Leave out " Six," and, instead thereof, insert " Twelve Calendar:"

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time* were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

U v __

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clarke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

River Lee The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act; Navigation, for ascertaining, preserving, and improving, the Navigation of the River Lee, from the Town of Hertford to the Town of Ware, in the County of Hertford-, and for preserving.and improving the said River, from the said Town of Ware, to the new Cut or River made by the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, of London-, and for enabling the Governor and Company of the New River the better to supply the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, with good and wholesome Water; with tome Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords delire the Concurrence Carrying of this House. And also,

redfrom The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act the Colonies for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, to foreign Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar

Mercurii, 13° die Junii;

Anno 13* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

f\R D ER E D, That Mr. Henry Archer do carry to River Lee the Lords, the Bill, intituled, An Act for ascertaining, Navigation, preserving, and improving, the Navigation of the River Lee, from the Town of Hertford to the Town of Ware, in the County of Hertford; and for preserving and improving the said River from the said Town of Ware to the new Cut or River made by the Mayor, CommonaIty, and Citizens, of London; and for enabling the Governor and Company of the New River the better to supply the

Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, with good and wholesome Water; and acquaint the Lords, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

3 The

13 Geo. II. 13® — 14° Junii.

379

Carrying Sugar di-redly from the C'olonies to foreign Part*.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting a Liberty to carry Sugar, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies,

directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law.

And the said 'Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 3. L 9. After " Great insert " and

" navigated according to Law

L. 11 and 12. Leave out " navigated according to Law," and insert * the Rtfidue shall be residing "either in Great Britain, or in some of his Majesty’s " Sugar Colonies in America, and not elsewhere

L. 14. Leave out "his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America,"and insert "the said Colonies:"

Pr. 5. L. 29. Before " Oath" leave out " the

L. 30. After " or," insert " in case of a " Quaker, by:"

L. 30, 31. Leave out "required by this Act to be made by," and insert " of:"

L. 32, 33. Leave out " in the Form hereafter " mentioned:"

L. 35. After " Great Britain," insert " and " the Refulue refilling either in Great Britain,or in some of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, and not " elsewhere; such Oath or Affirmation to be in the " Form, and according to the Directions, herein after " mentioned; That is to say;

imaketh Oath, Y

or >That the Ship

solemnly declares and affirms,)

" or Vessel called the (Name), whereof he this Deponent " or Affirmant is Mailer, and hath the Charge, and commands for this present Voyage to (Place bound to);

{ Ship Y

or > of the Burden of

A. B.<

" owned by the

" being (describe the built)*

( Veil'd)

(Number) Tons, was built at (Place), in the Year

C ShiP 7

(Time when); and that the said< or > is wholly

( Vessel J

fPerson,) (Name i

or > whose < or > and usual

Per foils) (Names)

Place Y (is Y

or > of Abode < or Sunder mentioned, and fub-Places j ( are)

scribed by this Deponent or Affirmant, That such

!Owner i Lis 1 rSubject, 1

or ><or 1 his Majesty’s British < or > Owners) (arc] 1 (Subjects; J

" and that no Foreigner, directly or indirectly, hath any

f ShiP )

" Share, Part, or Interest, in the said < or > to the

t Vessel)

( Deponent’sY

"beftofthis< or ^Knowledge or Belief; and ( Affirmant’s )

( Deponent, 1

A

and Three-fourths of the

’* that he, this\ or

( Affirmant

(Ship 1

" Mariners navigating the said< or ^are his Majesty’s

(Vessel)

" British Subjects:"

Pr. 11. L. 27. After " foreign Parts," insert " Be it " further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That L. 37. Leave out " that:"

Pr. 14. L. 11. Leave out " Loading," and insert " Landing:"

L. 29. Before " Affirmation," insert " if a " Quaker, make a solemn :"

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, Were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Vol. 23.

Ordered, That Colonel Bladen do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his ^ate of Majesty, That his Majesty will begraciously pleased to give Directions, That an Account be prepared, in order to be Colonies, laid before this House, the next Session of Parliament, of what Rates all Gold and Silver Coins were accounted, received, taken, or paid, and Gold and Silver were purchased at, and fold for, per Ounce, in any of the British Colonies and Plantations in America, in the Year 1700,

1710, 1720, 1730; and at what Rates Gold and Silver Coins are accounted, received, taken, paid, and Gold and Silver are purchased at, or fold for, per Ounce, at this Time, in the said Colonies and Plantations; distin-guiffiing each Colony and Plantation.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his £menf^ Majesty, That his Majesty will be graeiously pleased to ©^Credit, give Directions, That an Account be prepared, in order to be laid before this House, the next Session of Parliament, of what was the Amount of the Paper Bills, or Bills of Credit, which, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Assembl v, subsisted or passed in Payment, in any of the British Colonies or Plantations, in the Year 1700; and also an Account of the Amount of what Paper Bills, or Bills of Credit, of any Species or Kind, have, by virtue of any such Act or Act.*, been created or issued in any of the said Colonies or Plantations, since the Year 1700; with the Amount of the Value, in Money of Great Britain, of such Bills, at the rel'pcctive Times of their creating and ilfuing; and what Provision was made thereby for the Sinking or Discharging of any such Paper Bills, or Bills of Credit; together with an Account of the Amount of the Bills that have been funk or discharged, in pursuance thereof; and also of the Bills subsisting, or passing in Payment, at this Time, in any of the said Colonies and Plantations; with the Amount of the Value, in Money of Great Britain, of such Bills; dlftinguishing each Species or Kind of Paper Bills, or Bills of Credit, and each Colony or Plantation.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock. I

Jovis, 140 die Junii;

Anno 130 Georgii IP1' Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

MR. Pelham reported to the House, That their Answert« Addresses of Yesterday, That his Majesty would Adressi*, be graeiously pleased to give Directions, That the Accounts therein mentioned might be prepared, in order to be laid before this House the next Session of Parliament, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions to the proper Officers, That the said Accounts be prepared accordingly.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, Royai Allen* Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: ' to Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers: SVhere his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills, following;

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred Thirty-nine; and for enabling his Majesty to raisethe further Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds out of the

growing


£ TT AT*)


380 14° J

Royal A (Teat growing Produce of the said Fund; and for the further t» Bill*, appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for giving Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to he paid for the Indentures and Contrarts of Clerks and Apprentices:

An Art; to enable his Majesty to settle an Annuity of Fifteenthousand Pound-, on his Royal Highness tneDuke of Cumberland, and the Heirs of his Body; and also One

other Annuity of Twenty-four thousand Pounds on their Royal HighuelTes the Princess Amelia, the Princess Caroline, the Princess Mary, and the Princess Ijouifa: An Act for taking off the Duties upon Woollen and Bay Yarn, imported from Ireland to; and for the more elfertual preventing l he Exportation of Wool for Great Britain, and of Wool, and Wool manufactured, from Ireland, to foreign Parts:

An Act for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies, directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law:

An A'-i for the more effectual preventing of excelfive and deceitful Gaming:

An Act for the better preventing Frauds and Abuses in Gold and Silver Wares:

An Act for prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and first composed or written, and printed, in Great Britain; and for repealing so much of an Art, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, as impowers the limiting the Prices of Books:

An Artto rectify aMiftakein an Art, madein the Sixth Y’ear of the lleign of his late Majesty King George, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the publick Revenues of Excise, Customs, Stamp Duties, Poll Office, and House Money, relating to the Condition of Bonds taken from Mailers of Ships; and to indemnify Persons who arted under the said Millake; and also to obviate a Doubt which has arisen upon an Art, made in the Seventh Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, for the further preventing his Majesty'sSubjerts from trading to the Indies

under foreign Commissions; and for encouraging and further securing the lawful Trade thereto; with regard to Prosecutions in Ireland, in a summary way, for the fraudulent Importation of India Goods into that Kingdom:

; An Act for explaining and amending an Art, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second, intituled, No Man of Law shall be Justice of Assize or Gaol Delivery in his own Country7; and another Art, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Art that none shall be Justice of Allize in his own Country, fife.;

An Act for continuing the Art, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread; and for continuing, explaining, and amending, the Art, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors;

An Act for allowing further Time for Inroiment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees:

An Act for the more easy Assessing, Collerting, and levying, of County Rates:

An Act to impowtr the HighCourt of Chancerylolay out, upon proper Securities, any Monies, not exceeding a Sum therein limited, put of the common and general Cash in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, for the Ease of the said Suitors, by applying the Interest arising therefrom for answering the Charges of the Accomptant General of the said Court: An Act to obviate some Doubts, which have arisen upon the Construction of an Art, made in First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Art, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather; and for rendering moreeffertual aClause

unii. A. 1739.

in the said last mentioned Art, which obliges Curriers to curry Leather; and for repealing Two Clauses in the said lait-mentioned Art:

An Act for providing a Reward to Joanna Stephens, upon a proper Discovery to be made by her, for the Use of the Publick, of the Medicines prepared by her for the Cure of the Stone:

An Act to enlarge the Powers of the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Woolstaple, or thereabouts, in the Parish of St. Margaret, in the City of Westminstsv, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey-, and to enable them, by a Lottery,' to raise Money for the several Purposes therein mentioned; and to enlarge the Time for exchanging Tickets unclaimed in the last Lottery for the said Bridge; and to make Provision for Tickets in the said Lottery loft, burnt, of otherwise destroyed:

An Act for establishing and well-governing an Ilofpi-tal or Infirmary in the City of Bath:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending the Highways leading from Brampton Bridge to Bridge, in the County of Northampton; and also the great Poll Road from Morterpit Hill, in the said County, through Brissworth, Lamport, and

Oxenden Magna, to Chain Br, leading into Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath, in the County of MiddleJ'ex, to a Place called near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of in the County of Surrey:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Spitllegate Hill near Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, to the County of Nottingham:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Arts of Parliament, One made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing and enlarging the Highways betwten the Top of Hill and the City of Bath; and for amending several other Highways leading to the said City; and for cleansing, paving, and enlightening, the Streets, and regulating the Chairmen there; and for keeping a regular nightly Watch within the said City, and Liberties thereof:

An Act for repairing the Road or Highway from the Dun Cow, in the Town of Dunchurch, through the Parish of Billon, over Dunfmore Heath, to the Town of Morton, in the County of W; and from thence through the several Parishes of Creek, JFeJi Haddon, and East Haddon, in the County of Northampton, to St. James's End, in the Parish of Duston, in the said County of Northampton:

A11 Art for repairing the Roads from Bakewell to Chesterfield, in the County of Derbyand from Chester-' field to WorkJopp,in the County of Nottingham; and

from Chesterfield to the Place where the Northern Road meets the Chesterfield Road, which leads to

in the said County of Nottingham:

An Act for ascertaining, preserving, and improving, the Navigation of the River Lee, from the Town of Hertford to the Town of Ware, in the County of Hertford-, and for preserving and improving the said River from the said Town of Wart to the New Cut, or River, made by the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of London-, and for enabling the Governor and Company of the New River the better to supply the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties and Suburbs there-

of, with good and wholesome Water:

An.


tjGfiOv II.

fmiil

9t

An Act to enable the Parishioners of* the Parish of St.Catherine Coleman, in Fenchurch-street, in the City of London, to reftai|d\tllg Clitiflfih of the fesjbllarish:

An Act to enable EdieardJOuke of, Norfolk to grant Building Leases, for Ninety-nine Years, of all or any Part ofi ni& Land* in- ot> near- the Township of She/fiqla*, in the County of I \>rk:

An Act for confirming-andi establishing any Exchange agreed to be made between. Tlmnps Ifolles-Duke-of Newcastle, and Sir Miles StapyllonBaronet, of their settled

Estates, in the County of York; and for settling the Lands, given in Exchange to each Party, to- such Uses as the Lands, for which the fame- are- exchanged*, Hand settled': An Act to enable the Moll noble- William Duke of Portland to grant building Leases of certain Messuages> Pieces and Parcels of Ground, in Soho Fields, in the County of A tiddkfex, for a further Term than he is Em-

powered to grant by his Marriage Settlement:

An Act for discharging several Lands in in

the County of Leicester, purchased by the E.xecutors of Philip Earl of Chejlei"field,deceased, from the Uses

and Limitations contained i-n the Will of the said Earl; and for veiling the same Lands in Trustees, to be sold, and, with the Money arising the reby, to purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act for discharging Part of the settled Estate of

__ v O

William Earl Cowper, in the County of Hertford* from the Uses and Limitations of a former Settlement; and; for settling and securing an Equivalent for the same to the Kke Uses:

An Ac' for Sale of Part of the Estate of William Earl of Inchiquin, in the Kingdom of heland, for Payment; of the Debts and Incumbrances charged thereupon ;and for settling such Pa*t thereof, as shall remain unfold, according to his Ma; riage A</roerr,ei;i:

An Act to establish and confirm an Agreement made between Sir William Cow/enmj Baronet, and his Brother Henry Reginald Courtenay Esquire, and to render the same effectual, for the several Uses and Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to establish a Jointure on Dame Dashwood, Wife of Sir James Dujhwood Baronet, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for the Exchange for certain Lauds in the fe* ▼eral Parish s of Wrong It ton and IJddyard Treagooze, in the County of Wilts,between the Governors of the fiofr

Sital, commonly called the Charter , and Thorny

>enet of Salthorp,in the said County of Wilts, Esquire:

An Act to enable the acting Executors, and Testamentary Guardians, named in the Will of Edward Warren* late of Pointon, in the County of CA^rr, Eftjuire, tfeceaf-r

ed, by felling Part, and leafing other Parts, of his settled Estate, to raise Mouey for discharging the Incumbrances thereon, and to provide a sufficient Maintenance for hi? Son, during his Minority, in Ease of an Estate directecj tq be sold by the Will of John Warren Esquire, deceased: An Act for confirming certain Articles of Agreement made between Edward Westall and his Wife, and Robert Corr, an Infant, and others; and to enable the said Robert Corr to perform a Contract for Sale of pertain Lands therein mentioned:

An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Jordan -dale Esquire, in the County of York, for Payment of Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame;

An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Sir John Lear Boronet, deceased, in the County of Devw, for Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting di vers Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Somerset, being Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Fownes Esquire, in Trull, to be sold} and for settling other Lands, in the County of ijevon, of greater Value, to the same Uses, in Ijep thereof:

An Act for inclosing Part of certain Common Fields, in the Townfoip of Pailton, in the Gouflky of Warwifk t

An Act for inclosing Part of a Common, or waste Hdysl A (lent Ground, called Hill Side, otherwise Lambden , Bill*,

in the Manor atfo' Pafifo of Odi/ia^ apd County of

Southampton:

An Act for dividing andincloffng the Common Fields,

Lying in the Manor of Shiptqn May/ie, wifoin the Parish of Sliipton Moyne and Dovel, in the County of Glpuce/ler, cornmooly cailed, the North apdSonfth Comtppn, Fiqlds:

An Act to, enable jphfl, ReH Ep^re,.and; hut to take and use the Surname of Laand the Arm_s-.of James Lord Viscount Lanesborough, dfcqafed* pwfoant to his Will:

An-Art for naturalizing Adrian:Coltce

An Act for naturalizing JohnQtJitvns.

After which, his Majesty was pleased to make a njoft gracious Speech to both, Housea of Parliament; as.followeth; vips.

My Lords and.Gentfemep,

The Dispateh you have given to the publick Bufi- The King’s uefe that has been under your Consideration, makes, it Speech, proper tqput an End to this Session of Parliament, and to give you that Recess which the Seaibn of the Year requires.

You have so. Cully declared your Sentiments, as well with regard to the pall Conduct of Spain, as to the Measures that might become necessary to be pursued, in consequence of any Part which that Court might afterwards take, and enabled me to act, in all Events, as the I lonour and Interest of my Crown an,d Kingdom, foall require, that no Inconvenience can arise from the imme<-diate Want of your further Afliftanpe, during the Recess of Parliament. And I shall so entirely rely upon the Affurances ypu ha,ve given me, with so much Zeal, and Unanimity, and upon your effectually supporting me, in following the concurrent Advice of bptfi Houses of Parliament, that I will not be wanting in my Endeavours to vindicate and maintain our undoubted Rights, and tq answer the just Expectations of my People.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I return you my Thanks for the necessary Provisions you have made for the Service of the Current Year, in so ample a manner. The extraordinary Supply which you have granted me towards augmenting my Forces, by Sea and Land, is such a Proof of your Aueftion and Confidence in me, and of your con ft ant Attention to the Service of your Country, that Icannotenough commendthis. feasonable Care of the Welfare and Safety of tire Kingdom.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I am persuaded itisunnecessary for me to recommend to your serious Considerafian, the fatal Consequences that may threaten a Nation divided within itself, inflamed and milled by all the wicked Arts and Insinuations that Msdice and Fallhood can fuggeil. It is too obvious what Advantages our common Enemies wait to take from the Heats and Animofities, that, under groundless Pretences, are industriously fomented and spread throughout the Kingdom. Let all who profess themselves zealous Asser-t-ors of the Rights and Privileges, Laws and Liberties, of their Country, and of the Protestant Religion, tinder the present Establishment, unite, in the Defence of these ineltimable Blefiings: Let the Honour, Prosperity, and Safety, of the Kingdom, become One common Gause, and reconcile all civil Discordsand Divisions, that, by your Unanimity, you may disappoint the only Hope? and vain Expectations of our Enemies.

And, afterwards, the Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty’s Command, said;

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is his Majesty's Royal Will and Pleasure, That this parliament Parliament be prorogued to Thursday the Ninth Day of prorogue. Auglf next, to be then here held: And this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Thursday the Ninth Day of August next.

VOL.

5E

8i 9’ Augujli. — 18° OBobris — 150 Novembris.' A. 1739-

Jovis, 90 5

Anno i3* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1739.

Parliament fTT^H E House being met, according to the lad Pro-lurther pro* I . °

J- rogation;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir William Sanderson, Deputy Gentleman Uiher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read for the further proroguing the Parliament until the Eighteenth Day of October next.

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the Eighteenth Day of nqxt.

Jovis, 18° die 0 Bohr is;

Anno i3* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1739.

THE House being met, according to the last Pro* Parliament rogation; , further pro-

A Message was brought from the Lords by Sir - rogu* liam Sanderson, Deputy Gentleman Ufherof the Black

Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read for the further proroguing the Parliament until Thursday the Fifteenth Day of November next.

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the Fifteenth Day of November next.

asaar

By the Kino,

A PROCLAMATION.

GEORGE, R.

Proclamation "117H EREAS our Parliament (lands prorogued to formeeungof \ V Thursday the EighteenthDay of October next; we, ar lament. w;t|, the Advice of our Privy Council, do hereby publish and declare, That the said Parliament, shall be further prorogued, on the said Eighteenl li Day of to Thurs-

day, the Fifteenth Day of November next ensuing; and we have given Order to our Chancellor of Great Britain to prepare a Commission, for proroguing the fame

accordingly: And we do hereby further declare our Royal Will and Pleasure, That t he said Parliament,-shall, on the said Fifteenth Day of November next, be held, and fit, for the Dispatch of divers weighty and important Affairs; and the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissionera for Shires and Burghs, of the House of Commons, are hereby required to give their Attendance accordingly, at Westminster, on the said Fifteenth Day'of November next.

Given at our Court at Kenfngton, the Twentieth Day of September 1739,in the Thirteenth Year ofour Reigui.

GOD save the Kino.

Jovis, 15® Novembris;

Anno 13* Georgii II‘a Regis, 1739.

Message a MESSAGE from his Majesty, by Sir Charles the King. xJk Dolton, GentUman Uiher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty:

And, being returned;

Member* Several Members (returned upon new Writs) took take Oaths, Oaths, and made, and subscribed, the Declaration, and took, and subscribed, the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Clandestine A Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries. Outlawries, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The King’s Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended reported his Majesty, in the House of Peers: Where his Majes-p ty, was pleal'ed to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament: Of-which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy which he read to the House; and is as followed); viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The present Posture of our Affairs has obliged me to call you together, at this time, sooner than has been usual of late Years, that I may have the immediate Advice and Assistance of my Parliament at this critical and important Conjuncture. I have, in all my Proceedings with the Court of Spain, acted agreeably to the Sense of both 1 loufes of Parliament; and therefore I can make no

Doubt, but I shall meet with a ready and vigorous Support, in this just and necessary War, which t he repeated Injuries and Violences committed by that Nation upon the Navigation and Commerce of these Kingdoms, and theixObftinacy, and notorious Violation of tin* most solemn Engagements, have rendered unavoidable.

I have augmented my Forces by Sea and Land, pur-fuantto the Power given trie by Parliament; which I have done with all the Moderation that the Security and Defence of my Dominions, the Protection of our Trade, and the necessary Means of dilifefling and annoying our Enemies in the most fenfibie Parts, would admit: But as these Services will be various and extend ve, they mud inevitably be attended' with great Expences, and some Inconveniencies; which I allure myself w ill be sustained with Satisfaction and Cheerfulness, in pursuing such Measures as the Honour and Interest of mv Crown and Kingdoms, and the general Resentment of an injured and provoked Nation, have called upon me to undertake.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have ordered the proper Officers to lay before you . Eltimates for the Service of the ensuing Year, and like-wife Accounts of the extraordinary Expences that have been made this Year, in pursuance of the Power given me by Parliament. And as, in the Prosecution of this War, a Number of Soldiers, to serve on board the Fleet, may be requiftte, I have judged it proper, that a Body of Marines should be raised; and have direeled the F.ftinvates for this Purpose to be likewise prepared, and laid before you: And I cannot doubt, from your known Affection to my Person and Government, and your Zeal for the Satiety, Prol'perily, and Glory, of these Kingdoms, but you wiil grant me such effectual Supplies, and with such Dispatch, as may forward and give Spirit to our Preparations, and enable me to carry on the War with Vigour.

i3 Geo. II.

15*: — I6° Novembris.

383

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The Heats and Animosities, which, with the greatdt Industry, have been fomented throughout the Kingdom, have, I am afraid, beenOne of the chief Encouragements to the Court of Spain to hold such a Conduct towards Us, as to make it necessary to have Recourse to Arms; and the unhappy Divisions amongst my Subjects are the only Hopes of the Enemies to my Government: But whatever Views and Projects they may form upon this Rupture, and what advantages soever Spain may vainly promise itself from any Circumstances in the present Situation of Affairs, it is in /our Power* by the Blessing of God, to defeat the one, and disappoint the other. Union among all those who have nothing at Heart but the true Interest of Great Britain, and a becoming Zeal in the Defence of my Kingdoms, and in support of the common Cause of our Country, with as general a Concurrence in " carrying on the War as there has appeared for engaging in it, will make the Court of Spain repent the Wrongs they have done us; and convince those who mean the Subverlion of the present Establishment, that this Nation is determined, and able, both to vindicate their injured Honour, and to defend themselves against all our open and feeret Euemies both at home and abroad.

JUMrefeon Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his

the King's Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House Speech, for his most gracious Speech from the Throne; to express

ourentire Satisfaction in his Majesty’s Declaration of War against the Crown of Spain; a War which the repeated Violences and Depredations committed by that Nation upon the Trade and Commerce of these Kingdoms, the notorious Violation of their most solemn Engagements, and their obstinate Refusal of making Reparation for pall Injuries, and of giving Security against the like for the future, have rendered just and unavoidable; to acknow-lege, with all possible Duty and Gratitude, our Sense of his Majesty’s Wisdom and paternal Care of his People, in making use of the Power granted him by Parliament for the Security and Defence of these Kingdoms, for the Protection of our Trade, and for distressing and annoying our Enemies in the most sensible and effectual manner; and to assure his Majesty, That nothing shall divert or deter us from sustaining, with Satisfaction and Cheer-fidnefe, any extraordinary Expences or Inconveniencies that may attend the various and extensive Services which his Majesty shall find necessary to undertake, in vindicating the Honour of his Crown, in asserting the Rights ' of his People, and in procuring Justice to an injur ed and provoked Nation; and that, in defence of his Majesty’s Kingdoms, and in support of the common Cause of our Country, we will grant to his Majesty such effectual Supplies, and with such Dispatch, as may forward and give Spirit to his Majesty’s Preparations, and enable his Majesty to carry on the War with Vigour; and that we will ' endeavour to heal the unhappy Divisions, which have too long prevailed among his Majesty’s Subjects, and, by our Union and Harmony, to defeat and disappoint all the ,vain Projects, Hopes, and Expectations of his Majesty’s open and feeret Enemies both at home and abroad.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And a Comm ittee was appointed of Mr. Henry Archer, Mr. Mordaunt, Mr. Earle, Mr. Selwyn, Mr.

Mr. Bromley, Mr. Fox, Mr. Lord Sidney Beau-

clerk, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Edward , Mr.

ham., Mr. Edgcumbe, Sir Lord Baltimore, Sir John Shelley, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Tfiompfun of York, Colonel Onslow, Sir Hen. Liddell, Lord James Cavendish, M r. Plumptre, Sir Charles Wager, Lord JohnSackville, Mr. Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr.

' Lyttleton, Mr. Bold, Mr. Mr. Herbert, Mr.

Walpole, Mr. Noel, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Laroche, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Dodington, or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Vol. 23.

Huntingdon.

Writ.

Bristol

Writ.

Heydon

Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Arundell the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Arundell, in the County of Sussex, in the room of the Honourable JohnLumley Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Huntingdon, in the room of the Right honourable Robert Montagu Esquire, commonly called Lord Robert Montagu, now Duke of Manchester, called Up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Bristol, in the room of Thomas Co/ler Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Heydon, in the County of York, in the room of Sir Francis Boynton Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Berk*

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ,

electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Berks, in the room of William Archer Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Carnarvon the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ, electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Carnarvon, in the room of John Griffith Esquire, deceased.

t

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Crick lade the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, in the room of William Gore Esquire, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 16* die Novembris;

Anno 13* Georgii II" Regis, 1739.

Praters.

f\RDERED, That the Grand Committee for Religion do fit every Tuesday, in the Afternoon in the House

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Grievancesdo fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturdays the Afternoonvin the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Trade do lit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Resolved, That a Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee tions beappointed of Mr. Earle, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Smith, of Privileges. Mr. Packer, Mr. Gybhun, Sir John Turner, Mr. Harvey,

Mr. Pollen, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. I-onp ueville. Colonel Bladen, Mr. Affie, Mr. Care w, Mr. Francis Fane,

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. OJbaldcston, Mr Mr. Ship-

pen, Mr. Hylton, Sir Wm.Stapleton, Sir John Norris.

Mr. Brereton, Mr. Stert, Sir John Lord Pal-,

merston, Mr. Chafin, Mr. Levinz, Mi. John Jfervcy, Mr.

Heron, Mr. Richard Pluiner, Mr. Lord

Cornbun/, Dr. Butler, Sir Thomas SaundcrfMr. worth, Mr. Compton, Mr. LindeJ'ay, Sir Geo.

Mr. Scrope, Mr. RaiclinfonEarle, Sir Barnard,

Mr. Howe, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Hooper, ME Wigley, Mr. Guidott, Mr. Comptroller, Mr.

Mr. Fox, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Herbert; and they

are

Grand

Coiunitlteefe

iV

ttfual

Orders.

5*4

i 6* ISfovmbris,

A. 17

ate? to meet upon this Day Sevennight, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Clramber; and tofit every Monday, IFtdnesday, in the After-

noon: And alt that come are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or rhary come in quellion touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Retornsin the first place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons that will question any Returns* are to do it within Fourteen Days- next, and so' within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, fere to make their Election by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in question touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members, returned upon double Returns, do withdraw, till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

- Resolved, That, where the House shall judge any

Petition, touching Elections, to be frivolous and vexations, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath procured himself to be elected, or returned, a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to he, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Pra6tices, this House will proceed With the utmost Severity again (I such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear, that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanor, and this House will proceed with the titmost Severity against such Olfetider.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath given false Evidence in any same before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers, that he shall fee, or be informed of to_be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, To taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker’s Chamber, be locked up every Morning, at the fitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning to One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the

Streets, between Temple-bar and shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstruction be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and< from this House; andi that the Serjeant at Arms attending- this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in West'mm-Jler-kall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, at thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be feat to the High Bailiff of Westminster ;and that he do fee the same put ta

Execution.

Ordered, That no Footmen be permitted to be wfehrih the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed’ for tile Footmeu attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending fht*

House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody, but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That to prevent the Intercepting, or Losing, of Letters, directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from tire General Post Office to this House,. or fonoe other Person, to be aft-pointed by the Post-master-general, do, for the future, every Day during the Session of Parliament, Sunday? excepted, conllantly attend, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning, till One in tire Afternoon, ftnd for Two Hours at the least immediately after the Rising of the House, and also on every Monday, Wednesday, and Frit-din/, from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the fereral Members to Whom they shall be dt» reeled, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others^ bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members feuding for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lockup such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered, but within the Houra aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Post- mailer-general.

Ordered, That when any Letter, or Packet, dire<9ed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he open the fame, and acquaint the House, at their next Sittings with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending thi»

House, do, from time to time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to 9II Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House he printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker: and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person but such as he shall appoint,do presume to print the feme.

Resolved, That thisHcrufe will receive no Petition for pr;rateBilU private Bills after the First Day of February next.

Resolved, That in all Cases of controverted Election* Controverted for Counties in England and IFales, to be heard at the Bar Election*, of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Petitioners do by themselves, or by their Agents, within a convenient time, to be appointed either by the House, or the Committee of Privileges and Elections, as the Matter to be heard shall be before the

House,

13 Geo. II. 160 — i 70 — i of Novembris.

385

Liebenrood's, 4cc. Nat.

Trade lo America, &c.

Address on the King’s Speech.

House, or the said Committee, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lifts of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving in the said Lifts the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Name of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within the same time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners, or their Agents.

A Petition of John George Liebenrood and mew Christopher Lutyens, was presented to the House,

and read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lindefay and M r. Earle do p repare, andbringin,the fam e.

The House was moved, That the 6 th and 8th Sections of an Act, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Trade of this Kingdom by Cruizers and Convoys; and also the Second Section of an Act, made in the same Year, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Trade to America; might be read:

And the same were read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be giVen lo bring in a Bill for the more effectual securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s BrilUh'Subjects to and for the Encouragement of teamen to enter into his Majesty’s Service: And that Mr. Pulten, Mr. Sandys, the Lord Baltimore, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Hooper, and Mr. Gybbon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Henry Archer reported from the Committee appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be presented to his Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as foltoweth; viz.

Most gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return your Majesty our unfeigned Thanks for your most gracious Speech from the Throne, and to express our entire Satisfaction in your Majesty’s Declaration of War against the Crown of Spain; a War, which the repeated Violences and Depredations committed by the Spanish Nation upon the Trade and Commerce of these Kingdoms, the notorious Violation of their most solemn Engagements, their obstinate Refusal of making Reparation for past Injuries, and of giving Security against the like for the future, have rendered just and unavoidable.

It is with the highest Sense of Duty and Gratitude we acknowledge your Majesty’s Wisdom and paternal Care of your People, in making use of the Power granted to your Majesty by Parliament, for the Security and Defence of these Kingdoms, for the Protection of our Trade, and for the distressing and annoying our Enemies in the most sensible and effectual manner; and we beg Leave to af-sure your Majesty, That nothing shall divert or deter us from sustaining, with Satisfaction and Cheerfulness, any extraordinary Expences and Inconveniencies.that must inevitably attend the various and extensive Services which your Majesty shall find necessary to undertake, in vindicating the Honour of your Crown, in asserting the Rights of your People, and in procuring Justice to an injured and provoked Nation.

And we beseech your Majesty to accept the strongest and most affectionate Assurances, that, in Defence of your Majesty’s Kingdoms, and, in Support of the common Cause of our Country, we will raise such effectual Supplies, and with such Cheerfulness-and Dispatch, as will forward and give Spirit to your Majesty’s Preparations, and enable your Majesty to carry on the War withVigour. Voi. 23.

And your dutiful Commons, being, truly fenGble of the fatal Consequences of intestine Heats and Animoftties, will, with a Zeal becoming the Repfefentatives of the People in Parliament, endeavour to compose those unhappy Diviftons which have too long prevailed among your Majesty’s Subjects; and we do allure your Majesty,

That nothing shall be wanting, on our Part, to restore to the Nation that Union and Harmony, which may effectually defeat and disappoint all the vain ProjeCls,

Hopes, and Expectations, of your Majesty’s opeu and secret Enemies, both at Home and Abroad.

The said Address, being read aSecond time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. i Bejolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House. '

Ordered, That such Members of (his House, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty’^ Pleasure, when, he will be attended by this House.

Refttved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- The King'# ing, take into Consideration his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to t* Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

considered.

Sabbati, 170 die Novembris;

Anno 13* Georgii IIdI Regis, 1739.

M

Prayers.

/f R. Comptroller reported to the House, That his Time ap- Majesty having been waited upon, pursuant to pointed for the Order of Yesterday, humbly to know when he would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been re pleased to appoint this Day, at Two of the Clock, in the Afternoon, at his Palace of St. James.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration his The King’s Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Par- Speech liament; considered.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker:

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted Supply, to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Monday sMorning, Nine of the Clock.

Liunae, 19° die Novembris;

Anno 13* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

MR. Lindefay presented to the House, according to Liebenrood's, Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Georg Lichen- Sec. Nat. rood and Bartholomew Christopher Lutyens: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House attended his Majesty upon Saturday last, with their Address: To which his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

Gentlemen.

I return you my Thanks for this dutiful and affectionate Address. The unanimous Support of my faithful Commons, in this just and national Cause, will add the greatest Weight to my warlike Preparations; and by the Blelling of God, be the surest means of procuring Success to my Arms, and Justice to my injured People.

5 F Th

Answer to Address on Speech.

386 ip° — 20° — 21° Novembris. A. 1739.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made upon Saturday last, that a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martts, 20° Novembris;

Anno 13* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

Supply. TV/T R. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported 1.VJ. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Nary and Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Army Efti- for the Year 1740, with the Half-pay of the

mate* c' Officers of the Navy and Marines, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces, for the Year 1740, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1740, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers who are to be in Half-pay, for the Year 1740, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate be laid before this House of the Charge of the Out Penfiouers of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1740.

Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half Years, ending at Lady-day and Michaelmas last past, as well of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the South Sea Fund; as also of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the General Fund.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciouOy pleased to - give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House, the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

23

A Petition of Charles Vanbi'vgh Esquire, was pre- Plymouth fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Ble&ion. Petitioner, and John Rogers Esquire, flood Candidates at the last Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon: That the Petitioner was djily elected by a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; but that Henry Tolcher,the then Mayor and Returning Officer, aftedf in a very partial manner, and admitted many Persons to poll for the said John Rogers, who had no Right to vote; whereby, and by other illegal and unwarrantable Practices, the said John Rogers procured himself to be returned; in manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in open Violation of the Laws for securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that the Petitioner may have such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the Fifteenth Day of January next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 21° die Novembris \

Anno 13* Georgii II" Regis, 1739.

Pray e ns.

THE House being informed, That some of the Com- £aft India missioners of the Custoras attended at the Door; prohibited They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to Good*, &c. the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of what prohibited East India Goods remained in the East India Warehouses at St. Helens, in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1738; also what brought in since, what exported, and what remained at Michaelmas 1739: And also.

An Account of what prohibited East India Goods remained in the East India Warehouses at Leaden-hall, in the Port of London, the 29th of September 1738; also what brought in since, what exported, and what remained the 29th September 1739: And also.

An Account of what prohibited East India Goods remained in his Majesty’s Warehouse in the Port of London at Michaelmas 1738; as also what brought in since, what exported, and what remained at Michaelmas 1739:

And also,

An Account of East India Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, that remained in the respective Warehouses in the Out-ports of Eng at Michaelmas 1738; with what have been brought in since that time, what exported, and what remained at Michaelmas 1739:

And also,

An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1738 to Michaelmas 1739: And also,

An Account of Naval Stores imported from Rujfia into the Ports of England, commonly called Out-ports, from Michaelmas 1738 to Michaelmas 1739.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Motion was. made, and the Question being pro- Addref* re-posed.That an humble Address be presented to his Ma- fp«3'ng jesty, as a dutiful Return to his gracious Desire of the Advice of his Parliament, at this critical and important American Conjuncture; and, as a further Testitnony of our firm Sea*. Resolution vigorously to support his Majesty in the Prosecution of the War against humbly to beseech his Majesty never to admit of any Treaty or Negotiation for a Peace with that Crown, unless the Acknowledgment of our natural and indubitable Right to navigate in the

American

13 Geo. II. 1i* — -a i° — $3* Novembris. 387

AmericanSeas, to and from any Part of his Majesty’s Dominions, without being seized, searched, visited, or flopped, under any Pretence whatsoever, shall have been first obtained as a Preliminary thereto;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the , Question, by leaving out, after the Word " Treaty," and b<dbre the Word " Peace," the Words " or Negotiation fora," and inserting the Word "of’r instead thereof: '

And the Question being put. That the Words " or " Negotiation for a" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Word of" be inserted instead thereof;

It.was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, Nemine Contradi That art humble Address be presented to his Majesty, as a dutiful Return to his gracious Desire of the Advice of his Parliament, at this critical and importantConjunfture; and, as afurther Testimony of our firm Resolution vigorously to support his Majesty in the Prosecution of the War against Spain,

,humbly to befeecfi his Majesty never, to admit of any Treaty of Peace with that Crown, unless tfoe Acknowledgment of our natural and indubitable Right to navigate in the American Seas, to and from any Part of his Majesty s Dominions, without being seized, searched, visited, or (topped, under any Pretence whatsoever, shall have been first obtained as a Preliminary thereto.

Resolved, That the said Resolution be communicated to the Lords; and their Concurrence desired thereto.

Resolved, That a Conference lie desired with the Lprds, upon a Matter of the greatest Importance to the* Honour of the Imperial Crown, and to the Navigation and Commerce, of these Kingdoms. - J

Ordered, That the Earl of do1 go to the

Lords, and desire the said Conference. ’« 1

The Earl of Middlesex reported, That he having, according to Order, been with the Lords, to desire the said Conference, the Lords do agree to a Conference; and appoint the same presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to manage the said Conference.

And a Committeewasappointed of Sir William ham. Sir John Barnard, Lord Middlesex, Mr.

' ton, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Secretary at War, Lord Sidney

Beauclerk, Lord John Sackville, Sjr Charles Wager, Lord Cornbury, Lord Polwar/h, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Archer, Mr. Fox, Mn Mr. Tracy, Mr

ington. Lord Galway, Mr. Edgcumbe, Mr. Mr.

Compton, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Gh/Mo/j.!

Ordered, That the Lords beadquainted at the said Conference, That the Common* baveqotne to a Reflation: To which they desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Then the Managers went to the Conference:

And, being returned;

Sir William Wyndhamreported. That the Managers had been at the Conference with the Lords; and bad acquainted their Lordships, That the Commons had come to a Resolution: To which they desired the Concurrence of their Lordships: And that they had left the said Resolution with the Lords.

AulWert* Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their

Addrest. Address, of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be gra-cioully pleased to giveDireftions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House the several Estimates, Lift, and Accounts, therein mentioned, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions to the proper Officers to lay the same before this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 23.

Jovis, 2 2* Novembris t

Anno 13* Georgii IId'Regis, 1739. Prayers.

<VOHN George Leibenroodand Bartholomew -J pher Lutyens took the Oaths appointed, in order to Naturalization. 1

A Petition of the Mayor, Deputy Recorder, Justice, Clandestine Aldermen, capital Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Great Torringlon, in the of Wo*' County of Devon, in behalf of themselves, and the Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture In that. Town, and the Country adjacent; occasioned, as the Petitioners conceive, among many other Reasons, by the clandestine Exportation of vast Quantities of Wool and Yarn into France, and other foreign Parts, from the Kingdom of Ireland, and the Southern Parts of Great Britain: And therefore praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Prisonere confined for Debt in the Debtor* Sheriff’s Ward or Prison, lor the County of Devon, was Petition, presented to (the House, and read; complaining of their Distress j And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr. Elder

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a Conference with this House this Addreh re-Day at Two o’Clock, in the Painted Chamber, upon the lpeAing Subject-matter of the last Conference. 8.ht

And then the Messengers withdrew. AMencs*

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference See*. . with, the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships.

And the Messengers were again called in: and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

The Time being come for the Conference with the Lords, upon the Subject matter of the last Conference;

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the last Conference do manage this Conference.

And the Names of the Managers were called over:

And they Wjent to the Conference.

And, being returned j

Sir William Wyndham reported, That the Manager* had met the Lords at a Conference; which was managed, on the Part of the Lords, by the Lord President: Who acquainted them. That the Lords had taken into their Confidetation the Resolution of this House, Yesterday communicated to their Lordships at a Conference; and had agreed to the said Resolution; and filled up the Blank with ((the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and."

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerts, 230 die Novembris}

Anno 13* Georgii II. Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the TrusteeSjWhofeNamesarethere- Kenimstoo unto subscribed, for putting inExccution an Act of &c.Road*! Parliament, passed iatheTwelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, sea, and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in

the County of Middlesex, in behalf of themselves, and of the Inhabitants of the said several Parishes, was presented the House, and read; setting forth. That by the said Act several Tolls and Duties were granted, to take place, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, from the First Day of June 1726, for repairing (the said Roads; which, at the time of passing the said Act, were in so ruinous a

Condition,

2 88 . 2J* — -36°

Condition, that the Petitioners were under a Necessity of borrowing several large Suras of Money upon the Credit thereof; and there remains now due thereon the Sum of £. 6,800; which, together with the Tolls and Duties collected by virtue of the said Act, have been applied towards repairing the said Roads, and for other Purposes of the said Art; and great Progress hath been made therein; but, by reason of the excessive Weights and Carriages continually passing through the said Roads, the same cannot be effectually repaired, according to the true Intent of the said Act, and the Monies remaining due upon the Credit thereof be repaid, unless the Term, Tolls, and Powers, granted by the said Aflf, be farther enlarged and continued, and the said Act made more effectual: And therefore praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging, continuing, and making more effectual, the Term, Tolls, and Powers, by the said former Act granted, for such time, and in such manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, ets it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Francis Child, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Mr. Compton, Mr.

Bevan, Sir James Grant, Dr. Butler, Mr. Smith, Mr. Wiglet/, Mr. Knight, Mr. Bramston, Mr.

Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Mr. Yates, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Longueville , and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Berks, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day being read;

Suppjj. The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confitder of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

M r. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That their had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Bcfotoed, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Leibenrood’s A Bill for naturalizing John Georg Leibenrood and &c. Nat. BartholomewChrijlopherLutyens,was readaSecondtime.

Novembris. A. 1739.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. IJnde-say, Mr. Earle, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Archer, Sir James Grant, Mr. Yorke, Sir Roger Bradjhaigh, Mr. Carew,

Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Cartwright, Dr.

Butler, Mr. Compton, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. OJbaldejion,

Mr. Wilkinson, Sir James Hamilton, Mr. Erskine, Mr.

Gildart, Mr. Popham, Mr. Chetxvynd, Mr. Lifter, Mr.

Fane, Sir Henry Northcote, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Shep-heard, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Plumptre, Mr.

Papitton, Lord Gage, Mr. Balle, Mr. Kmaston, Colonel Mordaunt, Mr. Halkett, Mr. Treby, Sir Francis Child:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs, and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, Tim<‘ aP-That his Majesty has appointed to be attended with the receiving* Address of both Houses of Parliament at Two o’Clock Addrelif this Day, at his Palace of St. James: And that the Lords intend to be there at that time.

And then the House adjourned til! Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luncey 26° die Novembris j

Anno 13* Georgii II*1 Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Army suant to their Address to his Majesty, Estimate of Estimate*. the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1740: And also.

An Account of Services incurred Anno 1739, not provided for by Parliament.

And he also presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the Six Regiments of Marines, from the 45th Q6tober 1739 to 24th December 1740, both Days inclusive; being427Days: And also,

Account, of the Charge of augmenting his Majesty’s Forces in Great Britain, Minorca, and Gibraltar: And also,

An Account of Levy Money, and other extraordinary Allowances.

, And the Tides of the said Estimates and Accounts were read.

The Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and otherhis Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, for the Year 1740; and the Account of Levy Money, and other extraordinary Allowances, were, by reason of a Mistake, withdrawn, by Order of the House, and others presented.

The other Estimate and Accounts are as follow j viz.

An ACCOUNT of Services incurred Anno 1739, not provided for by Parliament.

To make good the like Sum paid Mr. John Gilman, Contractor, for furnishing and supplying the Forces in the Island of Minorca with felt Beef, over and above the Sixpence per Man per Week, ttopped from the Pay of the Regiments there, pursuant to Contract -To make good the like Sum paid Mr. Wm. Cafor surveying and keeping in Repair the new Roads through the Highlands of North Britain -

To make good the like Sum paid Major General Philip Anstruther, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of Minorca, upon his Bill of Exchange, of the iothof August 1739, for extraordinary Expences in the said Island ——

To make good the like Sum paid for additional Building and Works done to the new Store-houses at Gibraltar, for containing the Victualling of the said Garrison, to render them more

Convenient for landing and flowing of Prorifions, and for their Preservation -

For Transportation, Freight, Sc. to defray the Expence of transporting and victualling Officers, Soldiers, Sc.from Dublin and Corke to Port Mahon, Anno 1738 -

To make good the like Sum paid upon 700 Chaldrons of Coals, at the Rate of 23 per Chaldron, being the Proportion agreed to be paid by his Majesty on the said Coals, furnished for the Use of the Garrison of Gibraltar -

£. s. d. 1,083 8

500-----

635 — —

i>348 19 — 2,77° 4

805-----

Payments

13 Geo. II. 2 6° Novemb389

Payments actually made to the Contractor for Victualling the Garrison of braltar, from the 4th of February 173!, the Commencement of his Contract, to £ $ s. d.

aoth May 1739, inclufxve - -- -- - -173*853 12

Payments from 21st May to the 30th of December 1739, both Days inclusive, being Eight Months, of 28 Daysper Month, at the d.

Rate of £.2,100 per Month, per Estimation, will amount to - 16,800 — —

Insurance, A* 1739, per Estimation ----- 1,000 — —

— ----- 17,800 —

Total of actual and estimated Payments ----- -191,653 12 Hi

Total of the Supplies voted by Parliament for Victualling the Garrison of Gibraltar, and applicable to satisfy the Demands of the present Contractor for that Service, to the 24th December 1739 - - - - -119,318 9 5$

Remains to be provided for by Parliament ----- — ~ 2,335 3 5l

Whitehall, 26th November 1739. WilL Yonge Total - C 9*477 *3 if

% ESTIMATEof the Charge of Six Regiments of Marines, from 25th October 1739, to 24th December 1740, both Days inclusive, being 427 Days.

Numbers. Pay of the Regiments for 427 Days. TOTAL.

Colonel Wolfe's Regiment, from the 25th Day.of October 1739, to 24th Day of December following, both Days inclusive, being 61 Days - -- -- - Ditto Regiment, from 25 December 1739, to 24th December 1740, both Days inclusive, being 366 Days - w 1 00 1 £ s. d. a,513 3 i° 15,459 3 — £ d. 17,862 6 10 17.802 6 TO 17.802 6 10 17.802 6 10 17.802 6 10 17.802 6 10

Colonel Robinson's, D* - -- --Colonel Lowther's D° - - -- --Colonel Wynyard's D° ----- Colonel Douglass's, D* ----- Colonel Morelon's, D* ----- 815 815 815 815 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 till

Levy Money for 4,200 effective private Men, at £.2 each Man 4,890 B 106,814 1 — 8,400

Contingencies upon Account- ----- 3,000

Whitehall, 26th November, 1739. Will. Yonge. Total - 118,214 1 —

Ah ACCOUNT of the Charge of augmenting his Majesty’s Forces in Great Britain, Minorca, and Gibraltar.

Dragoons

' By an Addition of Ten Men to each of the Nine Troops of the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards -

I By an Addition of Ten Men to each of the Nine Troops of the Earl Horse - I of Pembroke's Regiment -

By an Addition of Ten Men to each of the Six Troops of General JVade's Regiment ——

.By I)0 to General Evans's Regiment -

By an Addition of One Serjeant and Ten Men to each of the Six Troops in the Royal Regiment of Dragoons -w By the like Addition to Seven Regiments more -' By an Addition of Eleven Men to each of the 28 Companies in the First Regiment of Foot Guards -

By the like Addition to each of the 18 Companies in the Second Regiment of Guards ——

By the like Addition to the Third Regiment of Guards By an Addition of Eleven Men to each of the Ten Companies of Major General Howard's Regiment -

By a like Addition to Seven English Regiments more -By bringing One Regiment from Ireland, and augmenting it to

Numbers -

By D* Nine Regiments more - -

By an Addition of Ten Men to each of the Ten Companies in the Five Regiments in Minorca ——

By D* to the Five Regiments in Minorca

By an Addition of Ten Men to each of the Ten Companies in the Five Regiments at Minorca, from 25th August to 24th December 1739, being 122 Days - - - , -

5 G

Foot -

Voip. 23.

Numbers.

For 183 Days.

£ d.

90 2,058 15 —

90 2,058 15 —

60 1,372 10 —

60 1,372 10 —

66 1,111 14 6

462 7,78a 1 6

30I 2,348 10 —

198 *,509 *5 —

198 1*509 15 —

110 671 — —

770 4,697

815 7,629 11 6

7*395 68,666 3 6

500 3*050

500 3,050

500 2,033 6 8

By

39°

Foot - -

0.6° — 270 N.

By D° to the Five Regiments at Gibraltar for D’Time -By an Addition of Four Companies to the Six Highland Companies, and forming them into a Regiment, under the Command of the Earl of from 25th

October 17 3<j to 24th December following, both -Days £.

inclusive - -3*540

From which must be deducted the whole Pay of the Six Highland Companies for the same Time - -1,-523

s.

2 10

By raising Four Independent Companies of Invalids, from 13th vember 1739,to the 24th December following,being 42 Days -Contingencies upon Account - -

Total - -

Whitehall, 26th November, 1739.

Yonge.

A. 1739.

Numbers ] 'For 183 Day*;

2,033 6 8

1,016 13 4

586 12 —

5>°oo-----

119*557 l9 8

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Accounts dp lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Speaker reported. That both Houses attended his Majesty, upon Friday last, with their Address: To which his Majesty was pleased to give this moil gracious Answer:

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I thank you for this dutiful Address, which is so agreeable to former Resolutions of both Houses of Parliament. Your unanimous and vigorous Support in carrying on the War will be the best means of procuring safe and honourable Terms of Peace; and you may rely on my utmoii Care and Endeavour to obtain effectual Security for the justRights of Navigation and Commerce belonging to nay Subjects.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported frojji the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to repbrt to the House which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Refplved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Thirty-five thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year 174Q, beginning from the First "Day of January 1739.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Thirty-five thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service,

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Questiop severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

ReJblvedpLhaX this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itfelfintoa Committee of the whole House to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Registering regifiering all Seamen, Wateimen. Fifliermen, Lighter-ofSeamen, men, Keelmen, Bargemen, and Sea-faring Men, capable &c* of Service at Sea, throughout his Majesty’s Dominions:

And that Sir Charles Wager, the Lord Fere Beauclerk,

Sir John Norris, Sir Thomas Lyttelton, Sir Thomas Frank-

land, Mr. Clutterbuck, the Lord Harry Powlett, Mr.

Campbell of Pembrokeshire, Mr. Burchett, and Mr. Thomas Corbett, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Mr. Pulteneypresented to the House, according to Trade to

Order, a Bill for the more effectual securing and encou- America, raging the Trade of his Majesty’s British Subjects to America; and for the Encouragement of Seamen to enter into his Majesty’s Service: And the same was received; and read the First time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 2 7° die Novembris;

Anno 130 Georgii IIdl Regjs, 1739.

Prayers.

NOTICE being taken of a Mistake, occasioned by Account the Transcriber’s Neglect, in the Estimate of the withdraw* Charge of the Guards, Garisons, and other his Majesty *s ^* Land Forces in Great Britain, for the Year 1740, which was Yesterday presented to the House;

Ordered, That the said Estimate be withdrawn, in order to the presenting a perfect Estimate.

And the said Estimate being withdrawn:

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1740.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as follows; viz.

Here if a Miiaka in Oaf ofthafa Two Sams, both is the Journal, and original Account.

ESTIMATE

13 Geo. IL 27* Novembris.

39*

ESTI MATE of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain)

for the Year 1740.

Horse

First Troop of Guards Second Ditto -Third Ditto -Fourth Ditto -» First Troop of Grenadier Guards I Second Ditto - -

Royal Regiment of Guards Lord Pembroke's Regiment General Evans's -General Wade's -

Dragoons - *(

Royal Regiment Major General Campbell's l.ieutenant General s

Lord Cadogan’s

Lieutenant General Kerr's Sir Robert Rich's -Lieutenant General Churchill' Lord Mark Kerr's -

rFirft flegiment of Guards -Second Ditto -

Third Ditto -

Major Gen. Howard's Regiment Lieutenant General Barrelt's -Brigadier Cornwallis's General Whelham's Colonel

Major General Harrison's . Major General Handafyds Foot - - - - ( General Sabine's -Brigadier Guise's -Colonel Onslow’s -

Colonel Howard's -Colonel Campbell's Brigadier Wentworth's Colonel -

Colonel Ilandafyd's Colonel Defcury's -

Ll-ord James Cavendijlis Colonel Bland’s

Invalids —

Highland

Regiment.

( Lieutenant Gen. Fielding's Reg*-£ 29 Independent Companies

Lord Crawford's Regiment

r> t or (Garrisons, with Fire and Candle CJarnfons, Sic.[contingencies upon Account -

Whitehall, November 27th 1739.

NUMBERS.

181

181

181

181

176

177 427

4°9

274

274

435

435

435

435

435

435

435

435

2>3*3

1.486

1.486 815 815 815

815

815

8.5

815

815

81.5 815

81.5 815

815

815

815

815

81.5 815

515

1,626

2,461

3»48o

J9>95S

2,141

815

28,852

Pay of the Troops and Regiments, for 366 Days.

TOTAL.

£. s. d.

16.592 — —

16.592 -

16.592 -

16.592 -

10,772 12 — 10,900 14 — 31,067 6 —

30,243 16 —

20.489 18 —

20.489 18 —

19.684 14 -

19.684 14 -

19.684 14 -

19.684 14 -9,684 *4 -

19.684 14 -

19.684 14 -

19.684 14 —

55,988 17 —

36,3*9 8 —

36,374. 6 —

*5»259 3 —

15,259 3 —

*5>259 3 —

*5,259 3 —

*5»259 3

»5-259 3 —

*5»259 3 —

*5»259 3 —

*5 »259 3 —

*5»259 3 —

*5,259 3

*5>259 3 —

5>--59 3 —

*5>259 3 —

*5,259 3 —

*5,259 3 —

*5,259 3 —

*5,259 3 —

9,933

27»758

*7


£. S.

*9°,332 4-

*57»477 li

36,060 14 41

20,000-----

Will. Y

Total - -

43,347 I —

37,691 *8 — 15,240 17 —

56,060 14 4f-

860,150 10 4$

Expiring

Laws.

Ordered, That the said Eft im ate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Henry Archer, Mr. Carcw; Sir Jei-myn Mr. Hooper, Mr.

Brereton, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Whitworth, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Polioarth, Mr.

Vol. 23.

Sandys, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Vere, Mr. LongueoiUe, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Owen, Mr. Digby, Sir Thomas Mr. Shvttleworlk, Mr. MedLycott, Lord Gage, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Lawton, Mr. Earle, Sir Roger Sir Harry Gough, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Harley, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Holden, Mr. Kent, Mr Pleydell, Mr. Tower, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Lloyd,

Mr. Tracy, Mr. Talbot -, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Motion

39*

17° — 28° Novembris. A. 1739.

Leicester

Writ-

Motion respecting raising Ma-rinei.

A Motion being made. That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the-Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of in the

room of the Right honourable Harry Grey Esquire, commonly called Lord Grey, now Earl of Stamford;

The House was moved, That the Journal of the House of the th Day of November 1692, and of the 12th Day of November 1694, in relation to several Orders of the' House, for ilfuing Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out new Writs for the Elections of Burgelfes, in the room of Sir Henry Capell, Charles Lord Henry Herbert Esquire, and Richard Lord Colchester, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Leicester, in the room of the Right honourable Harry Grey Esquire, commonly called Lord Grey, now Earl of Stamford, called up to the House of Peers.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, humbly to lay before him, as the Advice of this House, That he would be pleased to give Directions, That the Body of Marines intended to be raised, may be done in the most frugal manner, and put upon the least expensive Establiffiment, by having as many private Men, and as few Officers, as the Nature of the Service will admit; Economy, at first setting out, being absolutely necessary to enable us to support his Majesty in the vigorous Prosecution of this War; and, as Draughts from the present Regiments of Foot, which are all equally proper to be employed either by Land or by Sea, will be attended with the lead Expence, as well as be most expeditious for any immediate Service, humbly to recommend that Method to his Majesty, in tender compassion to his People, already burthened with many heavy and grievous Taxes; and to allure his Majesty, whenever he shall judge it necessary to increase the Corps from whence such Draughts are made, that his faithful Commons will most readily enable him to do it; being fully convinced, that their Safety and all that is dear to them, consist in the Preservation of his Majesty, and the Protestant Succession;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas £^r‘ tellers lor the leas,£Mf } 95-

Tellers for the Noes tellers lor the JNoes,£Mr. Henry Fox: ] 177*

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

last, enter upon Part of the Estate of Isaac Esquire,

a Member of this House, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Reading the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ, electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Reading,in the County of Berks, in the room of Richard Potenger Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Lindefayreported from the Committee to whom Liebenrood’a

the Bill for naturalizing John Georg Liebenrood, and -ic* "*' tholomew Christopher Lutyens, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Way» to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Mcajjp. consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now reacT: 5

And the same being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal’e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

'Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Establish-his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give ment of Directions, That the Establishment of the Six Regiments Marine*, of Marines, for the Year 1704, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Mercuriiy 28* die Novembris;

Anno 13* Georgii II4‘ Regis, 1739. Prayers.

Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Edward Harley, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Careio, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, Chelsea, and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex, in behalfof themselves, and of the Inhabitants of the said several Parishes, is referred.

A Complaint being made to the House, That John Frank, Attorney at Law, did, in the Month of

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Supply, House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1740, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Six Regiments of Marines, from the 25th October 1739, to 24th December 1740, both Days inciufive, being 427 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fauereported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

b$'

13 Geo. II. a8° — 290 Nouembris. 393

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they way have Leave to fit again.

BeJiUved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and ofrftrilcget. £lefition& be adjourned.

And then the House adjourtied till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 29° Novembris;

Anno 130 Georgii lldl Regis, 1739.

Praters.

Answer to IV/f R* Comptroller reported to the House, That their AddreCi. i.VJL Address of Yellerday, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, That the Establishment of the Six Regiments of Marines, for the Year 1704, may be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

LiebenroodV An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John

tic, -Nau. and Bartkolomdto , was read the

Third time.

Bejblved, That the Bill do poss: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Georg Leibenrood and Bartholomero Christopher Lutyens.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di-refitions, that t here may be added to the Lift of the Regimental and Warrant Officers, who are to be in Half Pay for the Year 1740 (which his Majesty has said he Will give Directions to be laid before this House) the Ages of the several Persons contained in the said Lift, together with the Dates of their first Commissions in the Army, and the Times when they were first pu,t upon Half Pay, and the Occasion thereof.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Molt honourable Privy Council.

Losses by A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That SpaniHi an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he veprcdatioui. be graciously pi a e fed to give Direfitions.That there be laid before this House Copies or Extrafils of such Memorials or Representations as have been made either to the King of Spain or his Ministers, from the Treaty of Seville to the 9th of March 1738, relating to any Losses iuftained by his Majesty’s Subjefits, by Depredations committed by the Spaniards in Europe or America, which have not already been laid before this House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers foMheVeaSjf } 55.

Tellers for the Noes, ^Arfcolt: j 95-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ditto. A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty. That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, That there be laid before this House Copies or Extrafits of all Letters written, and Instrufitions given, by the Secretaries of State, or Commissioners for executing Vol. 23.

Army’1

Half-pay

Lift.

the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, to any of the Governors of the British Plantations in America, or any Commander inChief,.or Captains, of his Majesty’s Ships of War, or his Majesty’s Minister in Spain, and Consuls in Europe, from the Treaty of Seville to the Ninth of March 1738, relating to any Losses sustained

by his Majesty’s Subjefits, by Depredations committed by the Spaniards in Europe or America, which have not already been laid before this House’;

The following Amendments were prpposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word "Ninth," and inserting the Word " First" instead thereof; and by leaving out the Word " March," and inserting the Word " January" instead thereof:

And the Question being put. That the Word "Ninth"

Hand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word "First" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question facing put, That the MJprd "March"

Hand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative. ' .1

And the Question being put. That the Word " Janu*

" ary," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative?.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put, Hiat an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Direfitions, That there be laid before this HouseCopies or Extrafils of all Letters written, and Instrufitions given, by the Secretaries of State, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, to any of the Governors of the British Plantations in America,or any Commander

in Chief, or Captains, of his Majesty’s Ships of War, or his Majesty’s Minister in Spain, and Consuls in Europe, from the Treaty of Seville to the ill of January (738, relating to any Losses sustained by his Majesty’s Subjects, by Depredations committed by the Spaniards in Europe or America,which have not already been laid

before this House; 1

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, instruaion* That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, for coiulud-That he will be graciously pleased to give Direfitions, !v" ntlj0* with That there be laid before this Jloufe Copies of all the Spain. Instrufitions and Letters sent to Mr. Keene, by his Majesty’s Ministers, authorizing him to conclude and sign the Convention between his Majesty and the King of Spain, on the 14th of January 1739, N. S.;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth. '

Teller, for the Yeas, } 9*

/tp» r. l xt fLord Vere Beauclerk, )

Tellers for the Noes, Mr SlepiKn Fox , } '7'*

So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported froth the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Sup-ply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they bad direfited him to report to the House; which he read in hisPlace, and afterwardsdeliveredin attheClerk’sTable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Afil of Parliament of the Eleventh Year of his Majesty’s Reign, have continuance to the 24th Day of June 1740, be further continued and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be macte or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June 1740, to the 24th Day of June 1741.

5 H The

Way* and Means,


394

2 p° — 3°° N

A.

1739.

The said Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Quefiiou put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill bebronght in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Francis Fane, Mr. Wilmington, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Dodington, the Lord Somlon, Mr. Earle, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Scrape, and Mr. Fox, do prepare,-and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply. Oirlered, That the Report from the Committee of the

whole House, to whom it was referred to cenfider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ventris, 30° die Novembris;

Anno 13* Georgii ID* Regis, 1739.

Praykr s,

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday, That his Majesiv would be graciously pleased to giveDiredions, That there maybe added to the Lift of the Regimental and Warrant Officers, who are to be in Half Pay for the Year 1740 (which his Majesty has said he will give Directions to be laid hefore this House) the Ages of the several Persons contained in the said Lift, together with the Dates of their first Commissions in the Army, and the Times when they were first put upon Half Pay, and the Otcasion thereof, had been presente l to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaiul this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Answer to

Adftiefc.

Supply Bill; Duties on Malt, &c.

Bo (Ion Roads.

Mr. Francis Fane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Bojion, in the County of Lincoln, and of the Gentlemen, Farmers, Graziers, and other Inha* bitiinls, of the several Parishes between the said Borough and the Town of Bullingbrook, in the County aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Town of Bojion is the principal Port and Town oFTrade in the Eastern Part of the County aforesaid;

and that the High Roads leading front thence to the North-Raft Parts of the said County, called the Woldsi as far as to the said Town of Bullingbrook, being the Post Roads, are become very ruinous, and uufafe for Travellers, and, for some Part of the Year iiupafl'able; by means whereof the Communication and Trade of a very large Traci of the said County is in Danger of being loft'; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended by the Laws in being: And therefore praying the House,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and amending, the said Roads, from the Town of Bojion to the Town of Bullingbrook aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter, thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fydell Mr. Kinqfton, Mr.

Compton, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. ForrejtMr. Mr. Holden, Mr. Bance, Captain Mr. Turner,

Sir Abraham Elton, Mr. Walker, Mr. BiJJe, Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Sir Roger Bradjhaigli, Lord

Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Lougueville, Mr. Earle,

Mr. Flamer, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Whittington, Ix>rd riniore, Mr. Carexo, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Thompjbn,

Mr. Lin dejay, Sir James Grant, Sir Miles Stapylton',

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of coin, York, Norfolk, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to feud for Persons, Papers, and Records.


Rrfolved, That an humble Address be presented to Navy Half his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Pay Lift. Directions, That there be laid before this House, a List of such Commission and Warrant Officers as are now on the Half Pay in the Navy, together with an Account of their respective Ages, and the Dates of the First Commissions of such of them as are Captains and Lieutenants.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, NemineContradicente, That Leave be given

to bring in a Bill for naturalizing such foreign Protestants as are settled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America: And that Mr.

Colonel Bladen, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Secretary at War, the hordPolwarth, and the Lord Baltimore, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Wager, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Establishment of Six Marine Regiments,

Anno 1704.

And the Title of the said Establishment was read.

The said Establishment is as follows; viz.

Naturalizi-tion of foreign Pro-trftantg settled in Arne* rica.

Marine

Regiments,

Admiralty Office, 29th November 1739. ESTABLISHMENT for Six Marine Regiments, Anno 1704.

His Royal Highness Prince George of Denmark, &c. Lord High Admiral of England and Ireland, &c and of all her Majesty’s Plantations, Sic. and Generalissimo of all her Majesty’s Forces, Sic.

Her Majesty having been pleased to put the Six Marine Regiments under my particular Care and Direction, I have thought fit to make the following Establishment for the fame, to commence, and be in Force, from the 23th Day of December 1703, until further Order j from which time all former Establishments, relating to the said Marine Regiments, are to cease and determine. Given under my Hand, this »2th Day of May 1704, in the Third Year of her Majesty’s Reign.

One Regiment of Marines, Field and Staff Officers.

Colonel, as Colonel -

Lieutenant Colonel, as Lieutenant Colonel.

Major, as Major -....

Chaplain....

Adjutant -

Quarter M after

Surgeon 4*. and One Mate 2r. 6d.-

Per Diem.

d.

s.

12 —

— 5 —

— 68

— 4 —

— 66

Per Annum.

L

219

127

9*

121

73

73

118

s. d.

‘5 — 5 —

>3 4

12

24 5 10

One

V

i3 Geo. II. 30° Novembris. 395

Per Diem. Per Annum.

One Company.

£ d. £. s. d.

Captain - - --- a-.. — 8 — 146

First Lieutenant - -- - — 4 ~ 73

Second Lieutenant ----- — 3 ~ 54 >5 —

Four Serjeants, each i8d. - - — 6 — 109 10 —

Four Corporals each 12- — 4 — 73

Two Drummers, each 12 - -- — 2 — 36 10 —

One hundred Private Men, each 8 cL-- - - - 368 1,216 13 4

4 13 8 1,709 8 4

The Pay of Ten Companies more, of the like Numbers, and at the same Rates,

as the Company before-mentioned - - - - 46 16 8 17,094 8 4

One Company of Grenadiers to complete this Regiment.

Captain - - — 8 — 146

First Lieutenant ----- — 4 — 73

Second Lieutenant - ----- — 4 — 73

Four Serjeants, each i8rf. - -- 109 10 —

Four Corporals, each 12 - - - -'- — 4 — 73

Two Drummers, each 12 - — 2 36 10 —

One hundred private Men, each id.- - 3 6 8 1,216 13 4

: . ' 4 14 8 *>727 *3 4

Total for a Regiment of Marines 58 10 2 2L355 to 10

The Pay of Five Regiments of Marines more, at the same Rate, and of the like

Numbers, as the Regiment before mentioned - - 292 IO IO 106,777 14 2

Total for the Marine Regiments < - - - 351 — 1^8,133 5 —

George.

By Command of his Royal Highness. Admiralty Office, 29th A true Copy, Geo. Clark.

November 1739. J. Burchett.

Ordered, That the said Establishment do lie upon the and Garrisons, for the Service of the Year 1704, as far as

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. the same relates to the Payand Charges of Six Regiments

of Soldiers, raised for Sea Service, with their Officers, fife.

Charge of Mr. Scrope, by his Majesty's Command, presented to And the Title of the said Extract was read.

Reg'mente the House, an Extract out of the Establishment of Guards The said Extract is as follows; viz. raised for the

An EXTRACT out of the Establishment of Guards and Garrisons, for the Service of the Year 1704, as far as the same relates to the Pay and Charges of Six Regiments of Soldiers, raised for Sea Service, with their Officers, 8Cc.

A Regiment of Foot to be employed in the Sea Service, Field and Staff Officers.

Colonel, as Colonel -

Lieutenant Colonel, as Lieutenant Colonel Major, as Major -

Chaplain -

Adjutant -

Quarter Mailer -

Chirugeon 4$. and a Mate i6d. -

One- Regiment of Foot, confuting of 12 Companies, of 59 private Men in each.

One Company. Captain -

Lieutenant -

Ensign -

Two Serjeants, each 18 d.

Three Corporals, each 12 Two Drummers, each 12 Fifty-nine private Soldiers, each 8

In all 708 Men, be- The Pay of Ten Companies more, of the like Numbers, fides Officers, and at the same Rates, as the Company above-mentioned -

Per Diem.

£ s

— 12 —

— 5 —

— 68

— 66 252 — 8 —

— 3 —

1 19 4

Per Annum.

£- s. d. 219 — — 127 15 —

91 5 —

121 13 4

73-----

73-----

118 12 6

824 5

10

146-----

73-----

54 15 — 54 »5 — 54 15 — 36 10 — 717 16 8

1,137 11 8

31 3 4

11,375 16 8

Vol. 23.

On#

V

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Five Regiments more, of the like Numbers.

In all 3,540 Men, betides Officers.

30° Novetobri$+~30 Lkcembris. A. 1739

One Company of Grenadiers, to complete this Regiment.

Captain - -

Firitl Lieutenant -

Second Lieutenant - -

Three Serjeants, each i 8tf.-Three Corporals, each 12 Two Drummers, each 1 a -Fifty-nine Grenadiers, each 8

Total for this Regiment - -

The Pay of the Five Regiments of Foot more, confiding of the like Numbers, and at the same Rates as the Regiment above-mentioned -

Total for the Six Regiments - - £.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, the 30th of November 1739.

Per Diem. Per Annum.

L s. d. £. s. d.

— 8 — 146

— 4 — 73

— A 73

— 4 6 82 2 6

— 3 — ’ 54 15 —

— 2 — 36 10

1 19 4 71716 8

3 4 10 1,183 4 2

39 15 8 14,520 18 4

198 18 4 72,604 11 8

238 14 — 87,125 10 — -

Ordered, That the said Extract do lie upon the Table, House,toconsider further of Ways and Means for raising to be perused by the Members of the House. the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That the Number of effective Men to be provided for Guards and Garrifens in Great Britain, and

Jersey, for the Year 1740, be (including Two thousand One hundred Forty-one Invalids, and Eight hundred and Fifteen Men, which the Regiment conlifts of, for the Service of the Highlands)Twenty-eight thousand Eight

hundred Fifty-two Men, Commission and Non-Commission Officers included.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred Sixty thousand One hundred Fifty Pounds Ten Shillings and Four Pence Halfpenny, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the said Twenty-eight thousand Eight hundred and Fifty-two Men, for Guards and Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year 1740.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Eighteen thousand Two hundred and Fourteen Pounds One Shilling, be granted to his Majesty, for railing and defraying the Charge of maintaining Six Regiments of Marines, con-lifting of Four thousand Eight hundred and Ninety Men, Commisslon and Non-Commission Officers included, for Fourteen Months; commencing from the 25th Day of October 1739, and ending the 24th Day of December 1740, both Days inclusive.

The First and Second Resolution of the Committee being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Quef-tion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The last Resolution being read a Second time;

The House was moved. That the Establishment and Extract this Day severally presented to the House, might be read:

And the said Establishment and Extra# were read accordingly:

And the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole

Resolved, TW<\t this House will, upon Wednesday'Slorn-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunee 30 die

Anno 13* Georgii Ildi Regis, 1739. Prayers.

A PETITION of Robert Downes, of the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, Goldsmith, Andrew

Wilkinson Esquire, on the behalf of nimfelf and Barbara his Wife, and of Bcthia JeJJop and Mary Jeffbp, Spinfters, and of Philip Cell Esquire, John DoJJie, Joseph Downes, and John Doiones, C\erYis, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Town of Sheffield being of great Extent, and very populous, and having only One Parish Church therein, which, although large, could not contain One-half of the People there, for the commodious hearing Divine Service; therefore the Parishioners and Inhabitants of the said Parish and Town did, in the Year 1719, petition the then Lord Archbishop of; setting forth. That they proposed to ere# a convenient Building within that Town, to be set apart for the publick Worship of Almighty God, according to the Laws Ecclesiastical of this Realm, having been encouraged thereto by the Petitioner Robert Downes subscribingOne thousand Pounds towards ere#ing such Building, so to be consecrated, and also settling Thirty Pounds a Year, or thereabouts, for the perpetual Use of a Minister, to be ele#ed by the said Petitioner Robert Dcrwnes, his Heirs, and Assigns; and praying. That the said Lord Archbishop would grant his Licence for the Purposes aforesaid; which was granted accordingly; and several Persons were thereby authorized to ere#, or cause to be ere#ed, a decent and commodious Stru6ture, upon acer-tain Pieceof Ground then purchased for that Purpose, by the Petitioner Robert Doivnes, to be set apart and consecrated for the publick Worship of Almighty God, ae-cordingto the Form prescribed in and by the Liturgy of the Church of England; that, in pursuance of such Licence, a handsome Stru#ure hath, at the Colls of the said

Petitioner

b

Supply.

Committee

ofPrivileges.

Sheffield

Chapel.

AnArer to Address.

Supply Bill Duties on Malt, &c.

13 Geo. II. 3®- — 4* Decernbris.

397

Petitioner Robert Doiones, and by the charitable Contri-

butions of divers other Persons, been built in the said Ground, and convenient Pews set up therein; -which Building the said Petitioner Robert conveyed to

the Use of the Petitioner Joseph and his Heirs,

in Trust, ti> be irfed as a Chape! of Ease to the said Pa-rifli Church of Sheffield, so as the Nomination of the Curate of such Chapel should be secured to the said Petitioner Robert Doiones, and his Heirs: That Disputes having arisen between the Petitioners, touching the Nomination of the Minister to officiate in the said Fabrick, the Consecration thereof hath been deferred; but, by' Articles of Agreement, bearing Date, the Sixth of October jaft,.. is agreed by all the Petitioners, That John Downes,

"of Rotherham, in the said County of York, Clerk, shall be appointed the First Incumbent of the Chapel aforesaid -; and that, from time to time, after hisDeceafe, and other Vacancy of that Chapel, the Vicar of the said Parish Church, for the Time being, shall nominate a fit Person to be Curate of the said Chapel; and that the Freehold and Inheritance of the said Chapel, and of so much of the Ground mentioned in the said Articles, as was then flaked out for a Cemetery for the fame, shall be veiled in Trustees, and their Heirs, in Trpft, todemife the Pews and Seats, now creeled, and to be erected, for any Term, not exceeding Twenty-one Years, in Possession; and that the Profits arising thereby may be paid and applied in such manner as by the said Articles is particularly' directed; and that, to the end the Design before-merttioned, and the said Agreement so entered into as aforesaid, may be carried into Execution, the Petitioners have agreed to apply to Parliament, to obtain an Act for ratifying the said Articles, asllmll-be thought proper by the Legislature: And therefore praying. That the House will bepleased to give Leave, That a Bill may he brought in for the Purpose aforesaid.

Ordered, That BlOt said Petition' be referred to the Consideration 'Bfr a ^Committee: And-that do examine the Mdtttr thereof, and" report the fame, as it shall appear td them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thompfm of York, Mr.1 Willi infon, Sir MilesStapylton, Sir John Turner, Mr. Fane,

Mr-dd regory, Mr. Zh^fe, CaptainMm1 tin, Mr. foalle^ Mr.

Uoyd, M*. Gybboii, Mr. Gulf M.r. (Virinin<*son, 'Mr. Areker, Mr. Sloper, Mr. L<m)cherMv. Piu-

rmft- Lord Sundon, Mr. Howe, Mr, Medfycett, Ml*. Findi, Mr. Trevor, Mr. PelhamMr. Butler; Mr. Mon* foil, Mr; Lawton, Sir John

Mr.' Stfasart, Mr.' Campbell,^Ijhrd Sidney Beaucterk, Sir

Richard Corbett, Mr. FoiTcffit^Mr. and

*11 the Members who serve for the1 Counties of York, Der.by,2K)d Nottingham: And they:ace to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;- And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Reoords. i "'r- ' '» 1

’ j, - 1 ».j

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Friday \&tt,'That his Majestywegld be gra-

ciously pleased to give Directions, That there be laid before this House, a Lifiof such jComnijflion and Warrant Officers as are now on the Half-pay'in the Navy j together with an Account of their rpfpe&ire Ag^s.-and the Dates of the First Commissions of such of them as are Captains and Lieutenants, bad been presented ta his Majesty;and that liisMsyeftyUadcommandedliim toacquaint this House, That lie will give Directions accordingly.

. 1 # '

; A Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Munb Cyder, and Perry, in that. Part of Great Britain, called

England*, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Vol. 23.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill for the more effectual-feeur* Trade to ing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Amenca,&c.

Subjects to.America; and for the Encouragement of Seamen to enter into his Majesty’s Service; be read a Second time Tomorrow Mofning.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Ways whole House, to copfider further of Ways and Means for Mean*, faifing the Supply granted to his Majesty,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Comipittea.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had dire^ted him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, Theft he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven* night, resolve itself into a Committee1 of the vyhole House, joconsider further of Way s and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To-finorroik Morning, Nine.of the Clock.- ‘

-. U..'

-1 — — ----- — me

Mortis, 4* dje;J}eceMbr$s’jp'{'\

Anno 13° Georgii II'1 pegjs, 1739- /

Players.; . '» ibl I..-.

SI R Francis Child reported from the Committee to Kenfmgtcm, whom the;Petition of the.Trnllees,'whose ’NaAies &. c. Ky.^dsT ate -thereunto subscribed, for putting in-Exectrtibfi Act of Parliament, passed in the'Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George Ihe First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads in the ParishesoF Ken/mgton, Chelsea, and Fulham, and other Parishei therein mentioned, in the County of in behalf

of themselves, and of the Inhabitants of the said several Parishes,. was referred, That the Committee had exa- ’ f mined the Matter of the said Petition, and had-directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; 4uid read the Report In his Place! and afterwards delivered it -in at the Clerk’s Table: Wfterethfe same was read; and is as followetbj viz. . '

The Committee-have, purfua’nt to (hi Order'of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition ’:

And, to prove the Allegations therebf, the Agents far the Petitioners produced, beflbPte the Committee; ' -

The said Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year.of the Reign of his -fate Majesty King George, the First; whereby it appeared. That several Tolls and Dirties were granted and made payable for the Term-of Twenty-one Yeare,-commencing the First Day of June 17-26,1 for repairing and amending the said Roads.;

And then Witnesses were called; -viz.

Mr. Roger: Gaythorne, Treasurer to the Trustees ap-

pointed to put the said AGtin Execution, and Mr. John Alfton, Surveyor of the said Roads: Who, being severally examined* said. That, at the time the said-Act passed, the Roads before mentioned were in a "ruinous Condition,. and, in the Winter Seafen, many Parts thereof were dangerous to Passengers: And Mr. Too-

ther said. That, the said Roads being so very bad at and fmee the Commencement of the said A ft, the Trustees were obliged ‘to borrow a considerable Sum of Mop.ey, jo order to make the same passable.

Afld tht» the said Mr. Gay thorne laidheferethe Committee, an Account of the Money now due to several

51 Persons

Monmouth

Writ.

Ways tad Means-

Trade to America,&c.

3p8 4* — 5" Decembris. A. 1739.

Perfoos, on the Credit of the Toll* granted by the former Ad: And also,

An Account of the Receipts at the several Toll-gates, ami the Disbursements on the several Roads, since the Commencement of the Ad, to the First Day of 1 aft:

That, by the first-mentioned Accounts, it appears there is a Debt of£ 6,800 remaining due on the Credit of the said Act; and, by the Second Account, it likewise appears, that the Disbursements have every Year considerably exceeded the Money arising by the Tolls.

And Mr. Gaythorne further gave fevidence, That

/..5q8 had been laid out in repairing the said Roads more than is inserted in the Account of Disbursements.

And the said Mr. Gaythorne and Mr. AIJion severally said, That, since the Commencement of the Ad, there hath been£. 3,711 or thereabouts, laid out and expended in paving several Parts of the said Roads; particularly at Hay Hill, and James Street, and in Town.

And to their Evidence, They added, That the several Sums of Money borrowed, together with the Tolls and Duties collected, by virtue of the said Act, had been fully applied towards repairing the said Roads; and that great Progress hath been made in the Repairs; but, by reason of the excessive Weights and Carriages continually passing, the Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and kept amended, for the Accommodation of Passengers, and the Money remaining due be repaid, with the Interest thereof, unless the Term, Tolls, and Powers, by the former Ad granted, be enlarged and continued, and the said Act made more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, and Fulham, and

other Parilfte* therein mentioned, in the County of Middle jei: And that Sir Francis Child, Mr. Robert and Mr. Pulteney, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the eleding of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Monmouth, in the room of Charles Hanbury Williams Esquire; who, lince his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Paymaster of his Majesty’s Marine Regiments.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read: and is as followeth; viz.

ReJ'dyed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound be raised, in the Year 1740, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Francis Fane, Mr. Winnington. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr, Dodington, the Lord Sundon, Mr. Earle, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr . Scrape, and Mr. Fox, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the more effectual securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's British Subjects to America-, and for the Encouragement of Seamen to enter into his Majesty’s Service;

The said Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Barton, Canon of Dr. Barto. Chrifi Church, Oxon, be desired to preach before this t*J, P'Je*ch House, at St. Margaret's Westminster, upon Wednesday 9 Jaiu the qth of January next, being the Day appointed, by his Majesty’s Royal Proclamation, for a General Fast:

And that Mr. Sandys, Mr. Penton, Mr. Tracy, and Mr.

Thompson of York, do acquaint him therewith.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 5* die Decembris;

Anuo 13* Georgii IP* Regis, 1739.

Praters.

MR. Francis Fane presented to the House, accord- Supply Bill a

ing to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to his Laud Tax. Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply Bill s to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, up- Duties on on the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Ma,t»kt* Cvder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotlarul; for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to direct, That the Deficiency which shall be, on the 15th Day of March 1740, of the Income of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1738, to satisfy Principal and Interest chargeable thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1^40.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. FrancisFane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

13 Geo. II. 6° — 70

Jovis, 6°;

Anno i3° Georgii I!* Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

Supply Bill; A BIL L for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, ±\. Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole H^use.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; Mr. Francis Fane, according to.Order, reported from Duties on the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill jlait, kc. ^or continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland -, for the Service of the YearOne thouOtnd Seven hundred and Forty; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fevesally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Hockliffe, A Petition of the several Gentlemen and other Inha-Jtc.Boad. bitants of the Counties of Bucks and Bedford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the antient Road called the Watling-street Road, being the old Roman Road between London and West Chester, and the antient Coach and Carriers Road; and also the Post Road leading through the several Townships and Parishes of don, Leighton Bozard, Soulbury, Great and Little Brick-hill, Fenny Stratford, Sympfon, Shen-

ly, Wolverton, and Catoerton; in the Counties of Bedford, and Buckingham, is, in divers Places, by reason of the many heavy Carriages passing andrepaffing the fame, so much ruined, and founderous, that the several Days Work on the Highway, as by Law provided, are not sufficient to keep the same in such Repair as to make and keep the same passable; and that the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, in which the said ruined Road doth lie, are not of Ability to repair the fame, without forae other Provision, there being, in many Places thereof, no Materials to be had, but at great Distances from the respective Town and Places where the said ruined Road doth lie, being Fourteen measured Miles in Length; And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may..... Leave for the bringing in of a Bill for repairing the said Road from the End of Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, to Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, lying within the said several Townships and Parishes, in such manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Sir Wm. Stanhope, Lord Eufton, Sir James Grant, Mr.

Mr. Olmius, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Hooper, Mr.

Mr. Yorke, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Earle, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Mordaunt, Mr. Tower, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Bade, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Archer, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hall, Sir Ckarles Mordaunt, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Digby, Mr. More, Sir Edmund IJkam, Dr. Butler, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Crowlc, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Voi. 23.

Decembris. 399

Lloyd, Mr. How, Sir Roger Bradjhaigh, Mr. Scawen,

Mr. Ongley, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Harley, Mr.

Comewall, Mr. Crawley, Mr. Wilmington, Mr. Wynne,

Lord Sundon, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Burred, Mr. son, Mr. Compton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bucks, Bedford, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House was moved. That the 19th and 20th Sec- Supplying tions of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of of Seamen. Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Trade to America, might be read:

And the said Sections being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other trading Vessels, and Privateers: And that Sir John Barnard, Mr. Sa'ndys, Mr. Sir Low-

ther, and Mr. Alderman WiUhnott, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vcnerisy j° die Decembris 1

Anno 13° Georgii lid* Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for continuing the Duties upon Supply Bill;

Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of gnie* «t Great Britain called England; and for granting to his fce* Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year 1740, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum,

Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the YearOne thousand Seven hundred and Forty.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there- Boftoa untosubscribed, Iivingnear, and usually travelling through. Roads, a Lane called Furthen Lane, or Fourth End Land, leading from the West Side of the Town of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, to a Place called Cut Bridge, in the West Fen, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Lane aforesaid (being a great and antient Road) is become so very bad and ruinous that the same is almost impafiable in the Winter Season, and cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws now in being, be sufficiently amended, and kept in Repair, so that Passengers may pass and repass with Safety: And therefore, in regard Application is making to this House for Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and amending, the Road between the said Town of Boston and a Town called Bullingbrook, in the said County, praying. That Provision may be made, in the said intended Bill, for repairing and amending the Lane aforesaid, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Coot sideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Boflm, in the County of Lincoln, and of the Gentlemen,

Farmers, Graziers, and other Inhabitants, of the several Parishes between the said Borough and the Town oiBullingbrook, in the County aforesaid, is referred: And that 2 they

400 7* — 10° Decetnbris. A. 1759.

they do examine ihe Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Supply BillThe Order of the Day being read, for the House to Land Tax. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid’to his Majesty, by a Land lax, to be raised in Great for the Service of the

Year 1740;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee* That -they have Power- to receive a Clause to make good the Deficiericy of the Land Tax, for the Year 1738, oiitof the Supplies granted for the Y£ar 1740-.

' Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr; Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the-Chair.

*- Mr. Ftantis Fane reported from the Committee, That

they had made some Progress in the Bill: And that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have-’Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, at a Quarter of an Hour after Two of the Clock this Afternoon, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to cotifi-der further of the said Bill.

The Hoiffe, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

.: i r - Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee. cj; Mfi Speaker resumed the Chair.,

... .,!7 . .:

ij 1 t ' ‘ V.’ , - - ‘ j *

/ *. >l

L ' ' J* 1

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

' And then the House adjourned till Monday ... . Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 1 o° die Decetnbris;

Anno ! j* (jfedrgii II® Regis, 1739.

_ ’ ...: tlili-. '-

Prayers.

SI R John Barnard prefen ted to the House, accord- Supplying.

ing to Order, a Bill for better Supply of Mariners of Seamen, and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other trading Vessels, and Privateers: And the fame' Was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be r£ad a Second time.

Mr. Gregory presented to the House, pu'rfuant to their OrJoance

Address to his Majesty, an Estimate of the Charge of the Estimate.

Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1740, Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.,

The said Estimate is as follows; viz.

1 - 1 - ‘ i.i ’ > I

*; j

1..; - 1

1

A»

.jsSL.it-

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1740.

o

cq;

i — H

n'

CD

CL

cr

..o

o

o

00.

b*

£ LAN D-S E R VIC E.

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Store-houses, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Pay of the Two marching Companies of Artillery, Salaries, and incident Charges -

The Pay of additional Men to the said Two Companies, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 14th September 1739

Establilliments at Mahon, Gibraltar, Annapolis, Placentia, and North Britain - -

The Pay of an Engineer lent to Georgia and South Carolina, by his Majesty’s Warrant, the 7th November 1737 Half-pay of the Officers that have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, Spain, and on several Expeditions

EXTRAORDINARIES.

H Gibraltar Mahon . Annapolis Placentia

£. s. d.

38,835 7 6

*>9*9 5 —

10.000 — —

10.000 -

1,200 — —

800 — —

Towards rebuilding and repairing the Fortifications at Sheetness ami Gillingham Fort -

Towards building and repairing the Fortifications at - *[-'-: - , - -

Towards carrying on the new Fortifications and Barracks at Fort in the Highlands of Scotland

Two hundred Tons of Saltpetre - - ... .

Bedding

Pay -tn To' South Carolina

Exceedings; for which no Allowance hath been made by Parliament.

J Supplied Brigadier General -P/nhjwV Regiment of Foot, at Nova Scotia in America, by his Majestys Warrant, \ dated the 30th of May 1739 ' r' - ~ -

f Of additional Men to the Two. Companies of Artillery, from the ill of to the 31st of December 1739, by

’ J his Majesty’s Warrant, dated the 14th of September 1739 ----- ----- - An additional Supply of Ordnance Stores, sent by his Majesty’s Warrant, dated 28 th of September 1739 -

I An additional Supply of Timber,-Tents, Bedding, and other Stores, lent pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant;

( 29th November 1739 - - - ..... - - ... - -

To Penzance, J^etvlyh, and Mottfe- Ordnance and Stores, directed to be provided and sent for the Security and Defence of those Places, pursuant hole,in Mount's Bay - - { to his Majesty’s Order in Council, the 22ft of November 1739 - -

t Ordnance, and Stores to be sent for the Security and Defence of that Town, by his Majesty’s Order in Council;

/ 2 2(1 November 1739 -

/Delivered for the additional Men of the several Regiments of Hoffe and Foot, and for Four new-raised Indepen-j dent Companies of Invalids, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrants, dated the 2d and 7th July, 7th September, 4th j of October, and aoth of November, 1739 -

(To be delivered for Six new-raised Regiments of Marines, by his Majesty’s Warrant, dated the 4th oi December 1739

To Gibraltar

To Fowey in Cornwall

Arms

Cha. Wills,- John Armstrong, Geo. Gregoty, W, R. Earle, L. Smelt.

2

ft.

£ s. d.

40,824 12 6

9>962 3 9 365-----

319 *5 —

5M71 11 3

22,000-----

3.000 — —

5.000 -

2.000 -

10,600 — —

970 10 —

500-----

5,981 4 6

i3»43 — 4

1,011 8 1

1,112 19 2

15,7.50 11 4

7,jo6-----

£ d-

94,071 a I 3

46.362 13 5

140,434 4 8

O

13 Geo. II. 10® Decembris.

1

Trade

Americ-j

r

402

10® Dttemhtis.

A. 1739.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Ta> ble, to be perused by the Members of the House.

to

A Petition of the Court of Directors of the Governor tcc' and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fisherv, on behalf of the said Company, was prei'entod to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Company, by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the tleigH of her late Maj Oily Queen and

by virtue of the Charter* bearing Date the 8th Day of September 1711, granted-to this said Company by her said late Majesty, in pursuance of The farid Act, are intitled 60 the foie Trade to America, within the Limits by the fakl Act and Charter prefer ihed: That, by the said Act and Charter, the said Company, andlhePerfens by them licensed, and no other whatsoever, are intithjd to trade within the said Limits; and that any otherSdbjefts of ' Great Britain visiting, frequenting, or haunting, any of the Places within the said Limits, shall forfeit tire Ships and Vessels employed, with their Furniture*and all the Goods and Merchandizes laden thereon, and the Proceeds thereof; and atfo double the Value; One-fourth to the Crown- One-fourth to the Person feizirrg, informing, and filing for the fame, and -thfe other Two-fourths to the said Company; and the said Company are to enjoy, to their own Use fof ever, ’without any Account to be rendered to the Crown, of any other Periods, all Islands, Cities, ports. Towns, tmd Plaoe?, whatibever, which they, or the Persons employed or licensedby them, or the Ships allowed by the Crown for their Defence and Security, should discover, seize, or possess, within the Limits thereby mentioned; and to be for ever the foie Owners and Proprietors thereof, with their Dependencies; to be holden of the Crown in Fee, and common Soccage by Fealty; rendering the annual Rent of One Ounce of Gold, if demanded; and to have for ever the foie Trade to all such Islands, Forts, Towns, and Places; and also to have, take, dnd enjoy,’ to their own Use, all such Ships and Vessels, with their Furniture, and all Goods, Merchandize, Bullion, Treasure, and other Things, taken within the Limits prescribed, as Prize, by the Ships or Agents of the said Company,or Persons by themlicensed, or-by the Ships of the Crown allowed for the Security of the said Company, without any Account to be rendered thereof to the Crown, or any other Person whatsoever, except the Shares by the said Charter limited to the Officers and Seamen aflming in the iaking the fame; any Law or Usage t.o the contrary nofcwith-llanding; and that the said Company, and the Persons by

them licensed, are further impofrered to seize, by Force of Arms or otherwise, the Persons, Ships, Good$, Merchandize, or other Effects, of any of theiSubjects of Great Britain, who should haunt, frequent, traffick, trade, or adventure, into the South Seas, withinthe Limits prescribed; and to keep the same to their own Use, without any Account to be rendered thereof; and to bring the Persons seized to Great Britain, in order to their being prosecuted for such Offence according to LaitThat the Petitioners are ihformed, TlTat, ih a Bill brought in, and now' depending in the House, intituled, A Bill for the more-effectual feettring and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s British Subjects to America; and for the Encouragement of Seamen to enter into his Majesty’s Service; there are 1’ome Clauses giving the Adventurers, tinder the Powers in the said Bill mentioned, a Right to hold, and enjoy to their own Use, not o'nty all Ships, with their Ladings, but also to ln>!d and enjoy for ever all such Settlements, Factories. Lands, Forts, and Places, as they shall take from the Crown or Subjects of Spain, in any Parts of America -, any Law, Statute, Provision, or Declaration, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: That the Petitioners apprehend, That, if the said Bill should pass juto a Law , the said Sduth Sea Company will thereby be*deprived of the Rights and Privileges by Law in them veiled: And therefore, and for that the Ibid.Company have, by publick Advertisements, declared themselves to be, and Hill are, willing, on reasonable Terms, to grant Licesifes to any Persons desirous to become Adventurers within the Limits prescribed by the aforesaid Act and Charier, praying. That the Rights and’ Privileges of the fin’d Company may be preservedto them, in such mahneras to the House shall seem meet, "

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Ctfo-sideration of the Committee of thp wlioleHouse, to whom the Bill for the more effectual securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s BriSubjects to and fdr the Encouragement of Seamen to enter ip to his Majesty’s Service; is committed.

Sir Charles Wager, foom the Commissionere for executing the Offiqe of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, the ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s NaVy, for the Year 1^40.

And the Title of the i said Estimate was read.

The said-E-ftimate is bound up with the other Papers of thiffSession.

And the Abstract thereof is as follows;

N"

1.

2.

3-

4-

5-

6.

7-

8.

9*

10.

11.

12.

*3-

,4*

l5-

16.

Yards

A BSTR AC T of the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1740.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, See. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and Instruments and Contingencies relating thereto Superannuated Sea Officers -

Pensions, and other Allowances -

Chatham -

Deptford -

Woolwich -

Fmrtsmouth -

Sheerness -

.. Plymouth -

Muster-masters, and other Officers of the Out Ports -

Wages to Ships and Vessels in ordinary -

Victuals to the Officers and Men serving therein - -

Charge of the Harbour Moorings -

Ordinary Repairs of his Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, Buildings, &c. - -

Ordinary Charge of sick and hurt Seamen - -

Half-pay to Sea Officers - - - "»*-

£. s. d.

2^2,280 14 t 11,586 t 7

*7*733 *6

3>P* i 6 24,158 11 11 11,668 12 6 I9>377 -


62,335 — — M36 5 —

20,000 — —

Total of the ordinary Estimate of the-Navy, for the Year 1740 - -

To which may be added.

For defraying the Expence of maintaining, in the Royal Hospital of Greenwich, an additional Number of disabled Seamen, taken, and to be taken, into it; who are worn out, and

become

l99>7°4 8 3

Nary

Estimate*

4

Hontingdo*

Election*

SbpptyB’» I; Lfcoa iax<

VTays fod Meant.

Supply.

Debtor*

Petition.

13 Geo. II. 10*- — 11# — 12* D403

become decrepit, in the Service of their Country; there being now One thousand poor Seamen maintained in the said Hospital; as also for a sufficient Number of Nurses, being the Widows of poor Officers and Seamen, and for carrying on the Buildings, and other Incidents, of the said Hospital j for the Year 1740; Ten thousand Pounds -

.And then the Total of the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1740, amounts to Two hundred aBd( ^f*ne

thousand Seven hundred and Four Pounds Eight Shillings and Three Pence. (>J; >.

Richard Haddock, Ja. Ackworth, Thomas Pearfe

G. Purvis, /. Fawler, John Phillipson.

10,000-----

— ----- r

L 409,704 83

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, ‘to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of William Mitchell Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, at the last Election of a Knight of the Sliire to serve in Parliament for the County of Huntingdon, in the room of the present Duke of Manchester, the Petitioner and Charles Clarke

Esquire flood Candidates: That, at the Time of such Election, the said Mr. Clarke was not qualified, according to Law, to fit and vote in the House of Commons, as a Knight of the Shire for the said County; and that therefore the said Election and Return of the said Mr. Clarke is void: That, notwithstanding the Premises aforesaid, the said Mr. Clarke is returned, in prejudice to the Petitioner, who was duly elected a Reprefen tat ive for the said Countyr and therefore ought to have been returned accordingly, instead of the said Mr. Clarke: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and give the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon Monday the 14th Day of January next.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from the-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty, was committed, the mendments which the Committee had made to the ill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Complaint being made to the Hotrle, That John Privilege. Oldis, Serjeant to ihe Poultry Compter, and William Hill, his Yeoman, have arrested Charles Draper, a menial Servant to Thomas Medlycott Esquire, a Member of this House, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of thle laid Complaint; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the Hotife.

A Bill for better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to Supplying of serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Mer- s^araen-chant Ships, and other trading Vessels, and Privateers* was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, To morrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Trad* to whole House, upon the Bill for the more effeSiial fq- America,&c. curing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Subjects to America-, and for the Encouragment of Seamen to enter into his Majesty’s Service.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gybbon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.'

Mr. Gybbon reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this Houile will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

, - — 1 ‘ -..... .,2

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the wholeHouse, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to tiis Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, ii° die Decembris;

Anno 13® Georgii II" Regis, 1739.

_ V

Prayers.

A PETITION of the unhapjgPPrisoners, confined for 1 Debt in his Majesty’s Prison of the Fleet, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read} complaining of their Distrefe: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Vol. 23.

Mercurii, 12° die Decembris;

Anno 13® Georgii H" Regis, 1739.

Prayers,

AN ingrafted Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, Supply Bill;

by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for Land Tax-the Service of the Year 1740, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1740.

Ordered\That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Supplying of Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for better oeameu. Supply of Marinersand Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other trading Vessels and Privateers.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sandystook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

4

404 . i2° — 13°

meats thereunto; Which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morniugr - .

The other Order of the Day being read;

Trade to ' TbbHduferefolveditfelfintoa Committeeofthewhole America,&c. House, to consider further of the Bill for the more effectual securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s British Subjects to and for the Encouragement of Seamen to enter into his Majesty’s Service.

Mr. Speaker left the Ghair.

Mr. Gybbon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gybbon reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-

oi Privileges, tions be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 13® die;

Anno 13* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1739. Prayers.

Hockliffe, fTT'.HE Lord Sidney Beauclerk reported from the Comarc. Road! X mittee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants, of the Counties of Bucks and Bedford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition} and had directed him to report the fame, as.it. appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition: And, to prove the Allegations thereof, the Agent for the Petitioners called,

Mr. James Hall, Mr. Robert Colett, and Mr. John Hoare: Who, being severally examined, said, That they are well acquainted with the Road leading from the End of Hockliffe, in the County of to Stoney

Stratford, in the County of Bucks, which is commonly called the Walling Street Road, about Fourteen Miles in Length, and is the antient Poll Road between London and West Chester, and leads through several Townships and Parishes in the said Counties, and particularly mentioned in the Petition; and that many Parts of the same Road are, by reason of the many heavy Carriages frequently passing that Way, become so bad, that, in the . Winter Season, the same is dangerous for Travellers; and several Horses have been so mired, that some of them have been killed by drawing them, out of the founderous Places:

And they further fin'd, That the Inhabitants of several Parishes, through which the Road leads, have con* stantly done their Statute-work; and several of the Parishes have raised Eight Pence in the Pound; notwithstanding which, several of the Parishes have been indited, by reason of the badness of the Road, and fined; which Fines they have paid, and the Money hath been laid out in amending of this Road; all which hath not proved near sufficientto repair the fame) and that, so much having been laid out on this publick Road, the Repairs of the other Highways have been neglected.

And the said Mr. Colett added to his Evidence, That in regard the Road is so very bad, the Owners of the fe* >5

Decembris. . A. 1739.

veral travelling Waggons, who frequently pass through the fame, have agreed to pay, and do pay, Six Pence per Waggon every, time they pass that Way, to be applied towards the Repair of the Road; and appointed him to receive the same; which lie has received for Three Years past; and the Money arising thereby amounts to about Seventy Pounds Annum; which has been duly applied accordingly;

And the Three Witnesses before named said further.

That Materials proper for repairing this Road lie Five Miles Distance from some Parts thereof, and will colt about Five Shillings per Load; so the Inhabitants of the several Parishes are not able effectually to repair such Parts of the Road as lead through such Parishes.

And it appeared to the Committee, upon the examination of all the Witnesses, That the Road cannot be sufficiently repaired, and kept amended, unless some further Provision be made for raising Money for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road between Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham :And that the Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Hampden, and Dr. Butler, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

t

Sir Francis Child presented to the House, according Kenfiigton* to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Ac. Roads., granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington,

and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Sandys, according to Order, reported from the Supplying Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill ofseuneo.* for the better Supply of Mariners*und Seamen, to fervd in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and On board Merchant Ships, and other trading Vessels, and Privateers, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout: and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the (luellion severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were nlade by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Leaseholders, and Own- Andovtr ersofLand, within the Tything of , in the Pa- Incloswe.

rish of Andover, in the County of Southampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners having entered into certain Articles, in Writing, undet their Hands and Seals, whereby it was agreed, That the Common or Sheep Down within the said Ty thing should be divided and apportioned among such as had Right of Common therein; and likewise that the Common Fields within the said Tything should be separated, inclosed, and held jn Severalty, by the respective Owners, thereof; and, for the better separating and inclosing the fame, that such Exchanges of Lands should be made as are in the said Articles meationq^ certain Persons were thereby nominated and impowetgno determine all Differences that should arise touchingTWdividing and inclosing the said Common Downs and Common Fields, and making such ExOhhnges as aforesaid; and that the Persons so appointed by the said Articles did, on or about the 14th Day of Nov. 1730, make their Award, in Writing, touching the fame; and the said Common Down and Common Fields

were

13 Geo. II. 13 — -14 405

were divided and inclosed, and Exchanges made according to such Award; hut that although the same has i>een, and will be, of great Advantage to the Parties concerned, and an Improvement of their several Properties, and for the Advancement of Tillage; yet, by reason of the Disabilities of several of the Parties, the same cannot be effectually established, to answer the Intention of the Persons interested therein, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming and establith-ing the said Award, and the Division, Inclosures, and Exchanges, made pursuant thereto, in such manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: Aud that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. , Mr.

Pollen, Sir Francis Drake, Sir James , Mr. Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Trefufi, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Praed, Mr. Compton, Mr. Lord Sidney Beau-

clerk, Mr. Watts, Sir John Morgan, Sir , Mr.

Walpole, Mr. Proby, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Thompson of York, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Longueville, Captain Mr.

Carmichael, Mr. Kent, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Bevan, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Earle, Colonel Duckett, Mr. Scawen, Lord Gage, Sir Geo. same all, Mr. Mr. Al-

derman Heathcote, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Lockivood, Sir James Lowther, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Plumptre, Dr. Butler, Lord Sundon, Lord Mr. Camp-

bell of Pembrokeshire, Mr. Jewkes; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Trade to The House resolved itself into a Committee of the America, lec. whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the more effectual securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s British Subjects to America-, and for the Encouragement of Seamen to enter into his Majesty’s Service.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gybbon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gybbon reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill: And that he was di rented by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved., That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House. adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Verier is 14*;

Anno 13° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1739.

Praters.

Hocklifle, r 1 'H E Lord Sidney Beauclerk presented to the House, *c. Road. JL according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road between Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Westminster The House being informed. That Sir Joseph Ayloffe, Bridge. Clerk to the Commissioners fogAilding a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the of to the

opposite Shore, in the Countyot Surry, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Hdufe, pttrfuant to several Acts of Parliament,

The Proceedings of the Commissioners of

Vol. 23.

Bridge, from the 15th of February 1738 to the 14th of November 1739, both inclusive: And also,

Contracts made by the Commissioners of Bridge,from the 15th February 1738 to the 14th November 1739, both inclusive: And also,

Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from the 15 th February 1738 to the 14th November 1739, both inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Books were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are bound up with the other Papers of this Session,

Sir Charles Wager, from the Commissioners for exe- Navy cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Bri- Half-pay tain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address *ift* to his Majesty, a Lid of such Commission and Warrant Officers as are now on the Half Pay in the Navy; and the Dates of the First Commissions of such of them as are Captains or Lieutenants.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for the better supply of Mariners Supplying of and Seamen, to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and Seamen, on board Merchant Ships, and other trading Vessels, and Privateers, was read the Third time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other trading Vessels, and Privateers.

Ordered, That Sir John Barnard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Commissioner, and Clerk of the Plymouth Cheque, of his Majesty’s Dock Yard, near the Borough Election. of Plymouth, do permit John Rogers Esquire, against whom a Petition is depending before this House, touching the last Eleftien of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, or his Agents, to inspect and take Minutes of the Muster Rolls and Books, wherein are contained the Time of Entry and Discharge of all Shipwrights, Labourers, and other Artificers, belonging to the said Dock.

Ordered, That the Agent Victualler, and Clerk of the Cheque, of his Majesty’s Victualling Office, at,

do permit John Rogers Esquire, against whom a Petition is depending before this House, touching the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Plymouth, or his Agents, to inspect and take Minutes of the Muster Rolls and Books, wherein are contained the Time of the Entry and Discharge of ail Persons employed in the said Office.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Trade to whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the more America, Ire effectual securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s British Subjects to America-, and for the Encouragement of Seamen to enter into his Majesty’s Service.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gybbon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gybbon reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, to consider further of the said Bill.

5jL Ordered?

Committee of Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-

Pnviieges. tjons be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lance, 170;

Anno i3° Georgii I|dl Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

Andover A/T Carew reported from the Committee to whom Inclosure. 1.VJ. the Petition of the Freeholders, Leaseholders, and Owners of Land, within the Tything of in the

Parish of Andover, in the County of Southampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows;

The Commttee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition: And, to prove the Allegations thereof,

The Agent for the Petitioners laid before the Committee Articles of Agreement, dated March the 7th, 1729, and made between the Freeholders, Leaseholders, Commoners, and Owners of Land, within the Tything of Charlton aforesaid; by which it.appeared to your Committee, That the Common, called the Sheep Down, lying within the said Tything of Charlton, was to be surveyed, measured, set out, inclosed, allotted, divided and apportioned, among them severally, with respectto their Number, and Quantities of Acres they are respective Owners of, and in respect whereof they have Right of Common upon the said Sheep Down; and likewise. That all the Lands, lying in the Common Fields of Charlton aforesaid, shall be separated, inclosed, and held in Severalty, by the respective Owner and Owners thereof, without any Let, Hindrance, or Dtfturbanee, of any of the said Parties; and also, That the said Freeholders and Owners of Land, in the Common Fields of Charlton aforesaid, are to exchange small Parcels of Land, being less in Quantity thau Three Acres; such Lands, so to be exchanged, being judged convenient by

William Jones, and Roger Gater, Gentlemen, or Two of

them.

He also laid before the Committee an Award of Richard A ppery, Roger Gater, and Thomas Weston, dated November 14th, 1730; by which it appeared to your Committee, That the Common Down, called the Sheep Down, and also the Lands lying in the Common Fields of Charlton aforesaid, were set out and allotted to the several Freeholders, Leaseholders, Commoners, and Owners thereof. ‘ ,l'

And Mr. Thomas Laurence, being examined, said, That he saw the several Persons whose Hands and Seals were set to the said Agreement, sign arid seal the fatme; and also, That he saw the aforesaid Award executed: And that, in purfu&nce thereof, several of ' the said Freeholders, Leaseholders, Commoners, and Owners’ had, for theii?'Conveniently, mutually taken their Allotments, and exchanged Lands in the said Common Fields, notwithstanding which the same chrild not beeffe&ed without the Aid of Parliament. ' ‘ ' '

Ordered, That Leave be given to!bring in a Bill , for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement, and an Award, for Dividing'and Inclosing, of a Common Doivn, and for Diyiding, Inclosing, and Exchanging, of Linds', lying in the Common Ffelds in the Tything of ChAHtonpti the Parish of in the County of Southampton: And that Mr. CaSir Heatftcote, and

Mr. Hooper, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vazeille’s, A Petition of Antony and Stephen *c. Nat. was presented to the House, and read; praying. That the House will give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for their Naturalization.

Decembris. A. 1739.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Horsemonden Turner and Mr. Olmius do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Scrope presented to the House, pursuant [to their Surplufes.

Address to his Majesty.

Surplufes, stated at Lady-day 1739: And also,

Surplufes, Hated at Michaelmas 1739.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Surplufes do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Surplufes are bound up with the other Papers of thrsSession

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Ways to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Mean*‘ to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Trade to whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the more America.fcc. effectual securing and encouraging the Trade of tmMa-jeffy’s British Subjects to America', and for the Encouragement of Seamen to enter into his Majesty’s Service.

Mr. Speaker left. Chair.

Mr. Gybbon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refamed the Chair.

Mr. Gybbotf.reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receivejihe fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr.

Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

for naturalizing/oA?* Georg Leibenrood and Bartholomew c" a Christopher Lutyens, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Loyds delire the Coucurrence of this House. And also,;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for Continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and ^jtl*Loa Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and l’ c* for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt,

Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland-, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengefe withdrew.

Ordered, That the Committee oft Privileges $nd Committee of Eleaioqs be adjourned. , ' Pr,^leS's-

., ' And then the rtoufe adjotirned fill To-morrbw Morning, Nine of the Clock;

.'ni

Mart is, b8* die Decembris 3

Anno 13* d^gii IIdi Regis, 1739*

Prayers.

T H E House proceeded to take into Confidemtion Liebenrood' the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, &c.Nat. intituled, A tvAft for natural tzing John Georg Liebenrood and Bartholomew Christopher Lutyens:

And

° Decembris

ijGeo. IL i 8® — 19

407

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press i. Line 6. Leave out ‘*and:M

L. 8. After " Hamburgh,'* insert "

" rest Knowlings, Wife of Hugh of the Parish

" of CummerwelL,in the County oiSurry, and Daughter " of John Francis De Morin, by Anne Magdalen his Wife,

" born at the Hague in Holland, John Caspar Son " of John Tobias Hies, by Juliana Margaretha his Wife,

" born at H'ffie Ceffiel in Germany; Theofhilus Son of Johnjobft Pritzler, by his Wife,

born at Hertford, in Wejiphalia -.and George Frederick " Smith, Son of Herman Arnold Smith, by Margaretha <( Elizabeth his Wife, born at Hertford, in Wejiphalia:" L. 19 Leave out the First " and, " and after * Lutyens' insert/* MargarettJohn Caspar " Hies, Theofhilus Pritzler, and George Frederick " Smith'*

L. 31. Leave out " and

L. 32. After " Isinfert " Margarett " Knozvlings, John Caspar Hies, Theofhilus Pritzler,

" and George Frederick Smith:"

Press l.L. 19. Leave out " and, " and after "

" yens," insert " Margarett John Caspar

" Ries, Theofhilus Pritzler, and Georg L. 29. Leave out " and L. 30. After " Lutinfert " Margarett " Knou'lings, John Caspar Hies, Theofhilus Pritzler, and " George Frederick Smith

In the Title of the Bill, L. 3. Leave out " and; and at the Knd of the Title add " and others

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Lindefay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Tellers for the Yeas, } 6>-

Tellers for the Noes, \ '3*-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Mr. Gybbon reported from the Committee of the whole Trade to House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual securing America, and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Subjects to America; and for the Encouragement of Seamen to enter into his Majesty’s Service; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were difegreed to, and the rest of the Amendments, as far as the last, being Clause C. were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to, by the House.

Clause C. being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ami then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, r 9* Decembris j

Anno 13* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1739. Pa A Y e r s.

Kensington, A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted fee. Road, by an Act, passed th the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, Chbfea, and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex,was read a Second time.

Hefolted, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Child, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Sir Charles Mor-

daunt, Mr. Harley, Colonel Norton, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Hucks, Mr.

Captain Evans, Mr. Lechmere, Mr Mr. IAoyd,

Sir James Grant, Captain Fall, Mr Sterl, Dr. Butler, Mr. Alderman Willimolt, Sir Barnard, Mr

nington, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lain ton, Mr. Lindefay, Mr. Kent, Sir Stapyllon, Generalr. fhaigh, Mr. Brereton, Colonel Duckett, Mr. C omptroller, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Balk, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Sandys. Lord Cornbury, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Mr. Watts,

Mr. Solicitor General, Lord Mr.;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Berks, Surry, Southampton, and for t he City of JLondon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vazeille’s, Mr. Horfmonden Turner presented to the House, ac" See- Nat. cording to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Antony Vazeille, and StejJienSaintandre :And the same was received;

and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Prohibition Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for of Commerce prohibiting Commerce with Spaiu: And that Mr. Wal-with Spain. pole, Mr. Burrell, and ColoneKiflwden, do prepare, and

bring in, the lame.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House be called over upon the

16th Day of January next;

' The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Voi.. 23.

MR. Thompson of York reported from the Committee Sheffield to whom the Petition of Robert Downes, of the Chapel. Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, Goldsmith,

Andrew Wilkinson Esquire, on the Behalf of himself, and

Barbara his Wife, and of BethiaJeffop, and Mary Jcjfop, Spinfters, and of Philip Cell Esquire, John Doffe,

Joseph Downes, and John Doicncs, Clerks, was referred,

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, in pursuance of the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, in order to prove the Allegations thereof,

Joseph Kenyon was called: Who, being examined, said.

That the Parish Church of Sheffield would not contain One-half of the Inhabitants of the said Town; and that, in pursuance of a Licence obtained in the Year 1719, from the then Lord Archbishop of Yo/k, upon a Petition of several of the Parishioners made to him for that Purpose, which Licence was produced to the Committee, a handsome Structure had been built at the Costs of the Petitioner Robert Downes, and by the charitable Contributions of several other Persons; and that convenient Pews and Seats had been set up therein.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners produced certain Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the Sixth Dav of October]^-, whereby it appeared to the Coramittee, That several Disputes having arisen, touching the Nomination of aMiniftar to officiate in the said new-erectedFabrick; which had been conveyed, by thej^etit ioner Robert Downes, to the Ufe of the Petitioner Joseph Doand hisHeirs,

in Trust, to be used as a Chapel of Ease to tfte Parish Church of Sheffield, and the Consecration of the said Fabrick having been thereupon deferred, it had been agreed, by tire Petitioners, that John Downes, of Rotherham, in the County of York, should be appointed the first Curate and Incumbent of the *Ud Chapel; and that,

from

408

19° — 40° Decembris.

A.

from time to time, after his Decease, or other Vacancy of the Chapel, the Vicar of the Parish Church, for the Time being, should nominate a fit Person to be Curate of the said Chapel; and that the Freehold and Inheritance of the said Chapel, and of so much of the Ground, mentioned in the said Articles, as was then staked out for aCemetery for the fame, should be veiled in Trustees, and their Heirs, to demise the Pews and Seats now erected, or to be erected, for any Term not exceeding Twenty-one Years, in Possession; and that, out of the Rents and Profits of the said Pews and Seats, from and after the Consecration of the said Chapel, or Admittance of the said John Dozones to the Curacy of the same Chapel, there should be yearly paid, to John Doffie, Vicar of the Parish Church of Sheffield, during his Life, if he should so long continue Vicar, the Sum of Thirty Pounds; and that the Residue of such Rents and Profits, as aforesaid, should be paid to the said John during his Life,

if he should so long continue Curate of the said Chapel; and, after the first Vacancy of the said Curacy, by the' Death of John Downes, or otherwise, there should be paid to Joseph Downes, and his Heirs, out of the Rents of the said Pews, an Annuity of Forty-eight Pounds; and that the Residue of such Rents and Profits should be paid to the Curate or Incumbent of the said Chapel, for the Time being, and his Successors for ever.

It appeared likewise to the Committee, That it was agreed among the Parties to apply to Parliament, to obtain an Act for ratifying the said Articles.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making a Chapel, lately built by Robert Downes, Gold-smith, in the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York,

' a perpetual Cure and Benefice; and for making a Provision for the Maintenance of the Curate or Mini tier of the said Chapel, pursuant to an Agreement for that Ptir-pose: And that Mr. Thomp/on of and Mr. Yorke, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr.

Sazvyer:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

1-uid Tax. for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Woollen The House was moved. That an Act, made in the

MaM&&ure. First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the Abuses and Frauds of Persons employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron Manufactures, of this Kingdom, might be read: 1

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the Abuses and Frauds of Persons employed in the Working up the Woollen, Linen, Fuflian, Cotton, and Iron Manufactures of this Kingdom: And that Mr. Mr.

Lockwood, Mr. Carew, Mr. Thomas Foley, and Mr. Robert Harley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resumed the further Consideration of the Trade t* Report from the Committee of the whole House, to America, Ac. whom the Bill for the more effectual securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s British Subjects to America; and for the Encouragement of Seamen to enter into his Majesty’s Service; was committed: AndClause C, being the last Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to restrain the Courts of Admiralty in the Plantations, or else-whereout of Great Britain, to determine concerning the Validity of the Capture of any Flota Ship, Galleon, or Register Ship, bound from Buenos Ayres or

And the said Clause was twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, that the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morn ng. Nine of the Clock.

Committee

ofPmilegei.

Way* The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and M«m. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Three Weeks, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Three Weeks, resolve itself into the said Committee.

24

Jovis, 200 die Decembris;

Anno 13* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1739.

Pkaters.

jjNTONY Vazeille and Stephen Saintandri took the Oaths appointed in order to their Naturalization.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr.

Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supplymgof for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in Seamen, his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other trading Vessels, and Privateers, with one Amendment; To which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendment Ditt*. into Consideration; and the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

Press 2. L. 26. After " Great ," add a Pro-

viso marked A.

Proviso A: "Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby " further enacted and declared, That no Person who shall " be naturalized, by virtue of this Act, shall thereby be " enabled to be of the Privy Council, or a Member of " either House of Parliament, or to take any Office or " Place of Trust, either civil or military, or to have an

" Grant of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, from " the Crown to himself, or any other Person or Persons,

" in Trust for him; any thing herein contained to the '

" contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding."

The said Amendment being read a Second time, was, upon the Questionputthereupon,agreedtoby the House.

Ordered, That Sir John Barnard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendment, made by their Lordships.

A Bill for repairing the Road between in Hockliffe,

theCountyofR«//ord, and Stony Stratford, \n the County &c. Road, of Buckingham, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Hampden, Dr. Butler, Mr. Horsemonden Turner, Mr. Plumer, Mr, More, Mr. Mr. Tower,

Mr.

i3 Geo. II. lo°Decembris. — 80 Januarii.

4°P

Mr. Archer, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Brereton, Mr.

Sir James Grant, Mr. Lindefay, Mr. Arundell, Mr. Balle,

Captain Baker, Mr. Harley, Mr. Hervey, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Mr. Campbell, Brigadier Cornwallis, Mr. Compton, Mr. Blaaen, Mr. B Mr. Fitz Roy, Lord Euston, Sir Hen. Lycldel, Mr. Jenifon, Mr. Leheup, Sir James Low ther, Mr. Hay, Mr CSir

Mr. Fox, Mr. Earle, Mr. DrummMr. Laroche, Sir Jo/. Pennington, Mr. Corbett, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Pollen, Lord John Sackville, Medlycott, Colonel Colonel

Mordaunt, Mr. Fane, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Speke, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Walker, Mr. Knight-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bucks, Northampton, Bedford, and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick Bills, and the private Bill following;

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland-, for the Service of the Year l 740:

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1740:

An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships, and Privateers:

An Act for naturalizing John George Liebenrood, Bartholomew Christopher Lutyens, and others.

Trade to An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual securing and America,&c. encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s British Suiyefts to America, and for the Encouragement of Seamen to enter into his Majesty’s Service, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 10. L. 33. To leave out the Words " for these " Purposes

Preis 13. L. 32. To leave out the Word Enemies," and to insert " Enemy

Press 14. L. 38. To leave out the Words, "or any Law, Usage, or Custom :"

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more effectual securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s British Subjects to America; and for the Encouragement of Seamen to enter into his Majesty’s Service.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Colonels,&c. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Establfftf* Majesty', That he will be graciously pleased to give Di-wient.' reftions, that there may be laid before this House, a List of the Colonels, Lieutenant-Colonels, Majors, Captains, Lieutenants, and Ensigns, of his Majesty’s Forces on the Britishi Establishment, with the Dates of their several Commissions as such; and also the Dates of the first Commissions, which such Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majors, Captains, and Lieutenants, had in the Army.

Colonels,&c. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Irish EAab- Majesty, That he. will be graciously pleased to give Di-lishment. reftions, that there may be laid before this House, a List of the Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majors, Captains, Lieutenants, and Ensigns, of his Majesty’s Forces-on the Irish Establishment, with the Dates of their several Commissions as such; and also the Dates of the first Commissions, which such Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majors, Captains, and Lieutenants, had in the Army.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as.are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Naturaliza- Mr. Pulteney presented to the House, according to tion of Order, a Bill for naturalizing such-foreign Protestants as testants set-~ are settled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty’s Colo-tled in Ame- n’es in America: And the same was received, rica.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, Gentleman Ulher of the Blade Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

Royal Assent The King commands this honourable House to atto Bills, tend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers.

vol. 23.

A Bill for naturalizing such foreign Protestants as are settled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America,was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Naturalization of foreign Pro* tut ants settli-d iu A me*

rica*

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Fortnight, the 8th Day of January next, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Mart is, 8° die ’Januarii

Anno 13* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1739.

jp r y jr, it s

AP E TIT IO N of the Trustees, whose Names are old Stratford thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execu- Roads, tion Three several Acts of Parliament, the First made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in the County of Nothampton, to church, in the County of Warwick; and the Second passed in the nth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term granted by the above-mentioned Act, and for making the same more effectual; and the Third made in the Tenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for making more effectual the said Two former Acts; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by the last mentioned Act, the Petitioners were empowered toereftThreeToIl-gatesor Turnpikes at the Three Places in the said Act particularly mentioned; which have been erected accordingly:

And it was by the said Act declared, That the said Three Turnpike-gates should continue in the respective Places;

And that the Petitioners should not have Power to remove, or pull down, either of them, during the Conj tinuance of the said Acts; but that now it appears, that it will be for the Benefit of the Trust, if the Petitioners were empowered to remove One or more of the said Turnpike-gates, and be enabled to set the same up in a more convenient Place: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and making the said Act more effectual; and for improving the Trust, in such manner, as to the HoufC shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Sandys,

General Handafyd, Mr. Crowle, Mr.

Pigott, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Pturner, Mr.

Scawen, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Trefujis, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Butler, Lord Pal-merfiem, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Chelwynd, Mr.

Heron, Mr. Bennet, Sir Roger Bradjhaigh, Sir Abraham Elton, Mr. Arundell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Warwick, Leicester, and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five

5 M of

Answer to AddreiTet.

410 8 0 Januarii \ 1739.

of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Secretary at War reported to the House, That their Addresses of Thursdaythe Twentieth Day of December last, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, That there might be laid before this House, the Lifts therein mentioned, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Notice being taken of a Mistake, occasioned by the Transcriber’s Neglect, in the Account of Levy Money, and other extraordinary Allowances, presented to this House the Twenty-sixth Day of November last;

Ordered, That the said Account be withdrawn, in order to the presenting a perfect Account.

And the said Account being withdrawn;

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Account of Levy Money, and other extraordinary Allowances.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows;

Foot.

Aw ACCOUNT of Levy Money, and other extraordinary Allowances.

Levy Money for 90 Horses, for the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, being 10 Horses to each of the Nine Troops, at £.20 for each Horse and Accoutrements Horse ^or the Earl of Pembroke's Regiment -

\D® for 60 Horses for General Wade's Regiment of Horse, being io Horses to each I of the Six Troops, at the same Rate - -

i. D° for General Evan/s Regiment -

?D® for 66 Horses of the Royal Regiment of Dragoons, being 11 Horses to each of the Six Troops, at £.15 for each Horse and Accoutrements -

D® for Seven Regiments more, at the same Rates -

D® for 704 Men to the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, being 11 Men to each of the 64 Companies, at £.3. 1 os.each -

D® for no Men to Major General Howard's Regiment, being 11 Men to each of 1 o Companies, at £.3 1 or. each - -

D®for Seven English Regiments more, at the same Rates -

D® for 390 Men, to complete One Regiment of Foot, which came from Ireland, t<3 English Num bers, at the same Rate -

D* for Nine other Regiments from Ireland -

( D® for 200 Men to each of the Five Regiments at Minorca, at £.5 each Man D® for the Five Regiments at Gibraltar, at the same Rates -13y an Allowance of Levy Money for 200 Men, draughted out of the Regiments in Ireland,commanded by Brigadier We Colonel Onslow, Colonel and

Colonel Handafyd, in August 1738, and sent to , to complete the Regiments

there; and for 100 Men draughted, in October 1738, out of Colonel Blakeney's Regiment, and put into Lord Rothes's Regiment, in the room of his Men, who were sent to Georgia, and placed in Colonel Oglethorpe's Regiment; at £.$. 10 each Man

Levy Money - - £.

By an Allowance of the Colonels of the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, to defray the Charge of Clothing and Accoutrements for 704 additional Men, at £ a. 7 7 each - -

By an Allowance of £.38. 8f. \d. to each of the Colonels of the 10 Regiments at Minorca and Gibraltar, in lieu of Two Months Off-reckonings for their lft additional Men -

By an Allowance of £.76. 16 s.8 d.to each of the Colonels of the 10 Regiments at Minorca

and Gibraltar, in lieu of Four Months Off-reckonings for their ad additional Men -

By an Allowance of £ 176 to each of the Colonels who commanded the Eight English Regiments of Foot, each having had an Augmentation of 110 Men, at £.1. 1 zr- for each Man’s Leather Accoutrements, Sword, Shirt, Neckcloth, Waistcoat, and Stockings; amounting in all to -By an Allowance of ^.160 to each of the Colonels who commanded the 10 Regiments at Minorca and Gibraltar, each having had an Augmentation of 100 Men, at 11s. for each Man’s Leather Accoutrements, Sword, Shirt, Neckcloth, Waistcoat, and Stockings; amounting in all to -By an Allowance ofjf .629.10s. 10 d.to each of the Colonels who command the ioRegiments of Foot lately brought from Ireland, each having had an Augmentation of £.390 Men, at 1.12 for each Man’s Leather Accoutrements, Sword, Shirt, Neckcloth, Waistcoat, and Stockings; with an Addition of £.5. for, 10 d.to each Regiment, for their 10 Seijcants and 10 Drummers, whose Particulars are more than for a private Man -

By an Allowance of £.160 to ea<?h of the Colonels who command the 10 Regiments at Minorca and Gibraltar, each having had a 2d Augmentation of 100 Men, at £. 1. 12*-. for each Man’s Leather..... Sword, Shirt, Neckcloth, Waistcoat, and Stockings; amounting in all to -

Warrant payable to Luke Gardiner,to be by him paid over to for Transporla-

tion and Victualling 10 Regiments of Foot, from Dublin, and other Places in Ireland, to Great Britain,in 1739 ——

By an Allowance of £.235. io.r. to each of the Colonels of Eight Regiments of Dragoons, to complete the Horse Furniture, and Accoutrements, for their additional Men - -

By an Allowance, for the same Service, to the Colonels of Four Regiments of Horse By an Allowance to the Colonels of Four Regiments of Horse, in lieu of Three Months Offreckonings ....

£. s. d.

1.800 — —

1.800 — —

1,200 -

i,aoo-----

99°-----

6,93°-----

2,464 — —

385-----

2 >695-----

y , ..

*.365-----

12,285-----

5.000 -

5.000 -

1,050 — — 44,164 — — 970 iS 8

384 3 4

768 6 8

Whitehall, January 8th, 1739-40.

Total

Will. Yonge.

1,408 — —

1.600 — —

6,295 8 4

1.600 — —

2,990 1 11

1,884-----

895 — —

479 8 4

- I 63,439 7 3

Ordered,

Account of Levy Money withdrawn, and another presented.

13 Geo. II.

8° — i \aJanmru.

Malden

Writ.

Maidstone

Writ.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malden, in the County of Essex, in the room of Henry Parsons Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Maid. in the County of Kent, in the room of the honourable John Finch Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue £is Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newport, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the honourable Thomas Herbert Esquire, deceased. '

Ordered, That a State of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it flood at Chr last, be laid before this House.

Disposition of Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, Grant*. {hewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year One t.'ionfand Seven hundred and Thirty-nine,hath been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads.

411

fired to preach before this House, at Saint Margaret's; Westminster, on Wednesday the 30th Day of this infiant January: And that Mr. Townshend> Mr. ThofnasPelham junior, and Mr. Walpole, do acquaint him therewith.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Newport

Writ.

NaTy

Debt.

Greenwich

Hospital.

Luna, 140 die Januarii;

Anno 13® Georgii IIdi Regis, 1739-Prayers.

MR Speaker acquainted the House, That Mr. Clerk Assist-Aijkew, the Clerk’s Assistant, being, at present, so tllt’s much indisposed with the Gout, as not to be able to attend; the Clerk therefore desires. That Mr. John Naylor may be admitted to assist him, during Mr. Aijkeio's Indifposition.

Ordered, That Mr. John Naylor be admitted to assist the Clerk of the House, during the present or any future, Indifposition of Mr. Aijkew, during this Session.

The House being informed, That Mr. Corbett, from Moneyiffiwd the Treasurer of the Navy, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Money has been ordered by the Right honourable the

»or Navy Service*.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House a State of the Yearly Revenue and Expences of Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, and received by Greenwich Hospital.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House an Account, {hewing how the Money granted last Session of Parliament for Greenwich Hospital has been disposed of.

Ordered, That the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital do lay before this House, an Account of what Money has been received by him, on Account of the said Hospital,

the Treasurer of his Majesty’s Navy, for any Services of the Navy, from 31st December 1738 to the 31st of December 1739; distinguishing the Times when the same was received, and the Services to which it was applied.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table,

from Christmas One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty- to be perused by the Members of the House.

eight to Christmas One thousand Seven hundred and The said Account is bound up with the other Papers Thirty-nine } and how the same has been applied. of this Session.

Money issued for Navy Services.

Seamen

employed.

Ordered, That the Treasurer of the Navy do lay before this House an Account of what Money has been ordered by the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, and received by him, for any Services of the Navy, from the Thirty-first of December One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-eight to the Thiry-first of December One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-nine; distinguishing the Times when the same was received, and the Services to which it was applied.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the Thirty-first of December One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-eight to the Thirty-first of December One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-nine, upon a Medium of each Month; dist what Number were borne, and what muttered, in the said Service.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were (landing out at Christmas last, with the Names of the respective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of what Arrears of Duties upon Houses werestanding outat Chri last; with the Names of the respe&rve Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears remained; dist each Year, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

Dr. Whalley Ordered, That the Reverend DoCtor WhaKey, Matter

%«Jan°n Peter House, in the University of Cambridge, he de-

V«L. 23.

Land Tax Arrears.

House Tax At rear*.

A Petition of the Commissioners for building a Bridge Westminster cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to Bridge, the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; fettingforth, That the Petitioners are, by an Act passed the last Session of Parliament, impowered to open, make, design, and lay out, such Ways, Streets, and Pafl’ages, as they shall find proper to make, on each Side the River Thames, to and from the intended Bridge, the Courts of Juliice, and both Houses of Parliament; and to agree for, and purchase, such Houses and Ground, within certain Limits by the said Act prescribed, as they shall find necessary for them to be possessed of for that Purpose; and that the Petitioners have proceeded to carry the several Powers granted them by the said Act, into Execution; but that certain Difficult ies have occurred in the Performance thereof, for want of sufficient Powers to enable and oblige several Persons, interestedjn Estates within the said Limits, to convey the same to the Petitioners, and effectually to secure the Consideration-money, for the Purchase of such Estates, and the Produce thereof, to the several Persons entitled thereto; and that the Petitioners have, in the building the said Bridge, and purchasing Houses and Grounds within the Limits prescribed them, for making and opening Ways, Streets, and Passages, expended and contracted for great Part of the Monies hitherto granted them for the said Purposes, notwithstanding the y have proceeded with the utmost Care and Frugality; and therefore find themf. Ives under an indi spen fable Necessity of applying to the House for such further Powers and Sams as the House shall judge proper, that so publick. and necessary a Work may not be flopped for want thereof: And therefore praying tire House to take the Premifos into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners

412 140 Januarii. A. 1739-

such further Power* and Sums as to the Heuse shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Mr. Sir

Charles Wager, Mr. Winning tonMr. Fane, Lord

Beauclerk, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. , Sir Roger Bradjhaigh, Mr. Mr. White, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Brereton, Mr GoM r. Lech mere, Mr. Hucks,

Lord Harry Powlett, Mr. Sir Win. Jolliffe, Mr.

Earle, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Trevor, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Balle, Mr. Sir Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Cor Mr. Crowle, Mr. Ashe, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Longueville, Sir Robert Monro, Sir mund IJ/iam, Mr. Brampjton, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Thompson,

Lord Polwarth, Mr. Carew, Mr. Archer, Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr. Laroche, Mr. AldermanParfons, Captain Marfyn, Sir John PeacMr. Hampden,'Mr. Fere,

Dr. Butler; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Suriy, Suffer, Kent, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fiveof the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Dr. Barton Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to thanked. t|le Reverend Doctor Barton, for the Sermon by him preached before this House, at St. Margaret's,

Jler, upon Wednesday last, being the Day appointed for a general Fall; and that he be desired to print the fame: And that Mr. Sandys, Mr. Thompson of York, and Mr.

Penlon, do acquaint him therewith.

Supply. Resolved,!hat this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-

and Means, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Naturaliza- A Bill for naturalizing such foreign Protestants as are tion of so- settled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty’s Colonies in reign Pro- America, was read a Second time, tfe'dln 6 Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

America. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Kensington, A Petition of the Freeholders, Landholders, Church-fcc. Roads, wardens, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of

ton, in the County of Middwhofe Names are thereunto subseri bed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners find, by the Votes of this House, That a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, and Fulham, and other Parishes therein named, in the County of Middlesex, is read a Second time, and committed: That the Roads from the Sign of the Bell, at Brompton, to the End of the Lane known by the Name of Selicoods, leading to the Queen's Elm, and from the End of Hogmore Lane to the Manor House at Earle's Court, do lie in the saidPariili of Kensington, and are publick R oads; and that the Petitioners conceive. That Part thereof was intended to be repaired by the Tolls arising by the aforesaid Act of the Twelfth of his late Majesty, being included in the Survey of the Roads,made previous to the Application, to be repaired by the said Act j but not be-24

ing properly described in the Preamble of such Act, the Money arising by such Tolls cannot be applied towards the Repair thereof: That the said Two Roads, in the said Parish of Kensington, by reason of the heavy Carriages passing through the fame, and the Carriage of Part of the Materials for amending the other Roads in the said Parish, and other Parishes described in the said Act, are now become so ruinous, that they are almost impalfable in the Winter Season, and cannot, by the ordinary Course ap- ’ pointed by the Laws now in being, be sufficiently amended: there being several other Roads in the said Parish of Kensington to be repaired, which are not included in the said Act: That near to the said Two Roads are several Large Farms and Gardens, the Occupiers whereof cannot carry any of their Com and Produce to London, Brenfford,orany otherMarkets, withoutpaying

at some One of the Turnpikes erected by virtue of the said Act; whereby they annually contributeconsiderable Sums to the Tolls collected at fuchTurnpikes, and, at the same time, are obliged to pay their Contribution to an annual Composition with the Commissioners for putting the said Act in Execution, without any Part of either being laid out on these Roads; and that several large Houses lie unoccupied, by reason of the badness of the said Two Roads, not only to the Injury of the Owners thereof, but to that of the said Parish of Kensington in general: And therefore praying the House, That Provision ma^be made in the said Bill for amending the said Roads; or that they may have such other Relief in the Premifes as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Archer, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Earle, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Compton, Mr. Crowle, Mr.

Stert, Mr. Gulfione, Sir Wm. Irby, Sir Clifton, Mr.

Clavering, Colonel Mordaunt, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Pen-ton, Mr. Hen. Archer, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Sir

Geo. Cafwall, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Sheft-heard, Sir Henry Gough, Mr. HerMr. Gore, Mr. Brafiey, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Imven, Mr. Tower, Lord Sidney Sir

Jer. Davers, Mr. Hooper, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Mr. Scazo-en, Mr. Thomas Gore, Lord Sundon, Mr. Winnington,

Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Yorke, Sir Jof Pennington, Sir Edmund

Isham, Mr. Trefufis, Lord Polwarth, Mr. Devereux, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Wodehouse, Lord dish, General Bowles, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Walker, Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Brereton,

Lord Guernsey, Mr. Powis, Mr. PlumpMr. Berkeley, Mr. Montagu, Colonel Onslow, Lord Sir Nathanael

Curzon; and all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of Chel- Kensington, sea, and others usually travelling through the said Parish, &c. Roads, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That, in the Road, between the Bell, near Brompton, and Queens Elm, there is a Lane from the Nagg's Head in the said Road through Black Lands, being Part of what . was formerly cal led Chelsea Common, to Chelsea Hof pit at-, which Lane has, for several Years past, been much frequented, is very convenient for most of the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Chelsea and Kensington, and absolutely necessary for several of the Petitioners, who must travel through the same to their respective. Habitations; and that the said Lane is become so very ruinous, that the same is almost impalfable in the Winter Season, and cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws now in being, be sufficiently amended, and kept in Repair, so that Passengers may pass and repass with Safety; the said Lane not being comprised within the Roads appointed to be amended, and kept in Repair, by an Act,passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of

Kensington,

ti*

13 Geo. II.

14° yanmrii.

4*3

JCenJtng/on, Chelsea, and Fuand other Parities therein mentioned, in the County of and

there being a Bill now depending in the House, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act: Therefore praying. That the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, be iuftrufted to receive aClause in the said Bill, whereby Provision dial I be made for the amending, and keeping in Repair, the Lane above-mentioned, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall feem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of the Freeholders, Landlords, Churchwardens, and other Inhabitants of the Parilli of Kensington, in the County of MidaleJ'ex, whoseNames are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr.Secretary at War acquainted the House, That he Equate of had received his Majesty’s Commands to lay before this ones iu House, Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year

1740: And also,

A Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Ofliers Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines who died upon the 'Yidww*. British Establishment of Half Pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th Day of December 1716; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1740.

And Mr. Secretary at War presented the said Estimate and Lift to the House accordingly.

And the Titles of the said Estimate and Lift were read.

The said Lift, is bound up with the other Papers of, this Section. And,

The said Estimate is as follows; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and,

for the Year 1740.

815

394

684

445-

57

012

»50

3.457

815

815

815

815

815

In the PLANTATIONS.

Lieutenant General Dalzell's Regiment

Major General Phillips’s

Colonel Oglethorpe’s -

Four Independent Companies at New York One Company at Bermudas -

Eight Companies at Jamaica - -

One Company in the island of Providence -

Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Canso, and Placentia

In MINORCA.

Brigadier General Read's Regiment Major General Armstrong's -

Lieutenant General Tyrrell's -Brigadier General Paget's - -

Major General Anjiruther's - -

Officers of the Garrison, Sic. - - - -

In GIBRALTAR.

Lieutenant General Kirke's Regiment Major General Hargrave’s -Lieutenant. General Columbine's-

Lieutenant General Clayton's - -

Colonel Fuller’s -

Officers of the Garrison, Sic.

1 1,607

Provisions for Major General Phillips's Regiment in Garrison at Annapolis Royal, Canso, and Placentia, dedu6ting 4 , out of the

Subsistenceofeach Non-commissionOfficer and privateMan, towards that Expence, remains to be borne by the Government Provisions for the several Regiments at Gibraltar -Provisions for Colonel Oglethorpe’s Regiment at Georgia -Levy Money for 420 Men for Lieutenant General s Regiment

NUMBERS.

Pay of the Regiments, fof* 366 Days.

815

8*5

815

815

815

4.075

4.075

15.259

9.857

1.3.0

7,161 i,006

*5.774

; M73

s.

3

12

*8

8

10 12

11

d.

TOTAL

if. d.

Whitehall, 14th January 1739-40.

Will. Yonge.

m * ’

*5.259 3 —

*5.259 3

*5.259 3 —

*5.259 3 —

*5.259 3 —

m *5.259 m 3

*5.423 17 — ,

15.259 3 —

*5,259 3 —

*5.259 3 —

' *.558 x7

30,000 — — i '

2,080 IO;

2,740 IO

Total - £.

64.543. *4 -»

2>546 —

76,295 15 — 6,217 8 6

76,460 9 — 3*759 *7 9

36.379 *7

266,203 2 i£

Iluntirgi’on

tied tin.

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the hearing of the Matter of the Petition of William Mitchell Esquire, complaining of an undue E!e6tion and Return lor the County of Huntingdon.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the said Petition was read.

And the Couufel for the Petitioner were heard;

Vox,. 23.

And infilled, That the Sitting Member, Mr. Clarke, was not qualified to be elected, according to the Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the further qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner, in Support of One of their Objections, offered to prove (which the Counsel for the Sitting Member admitted) that the Copyhold Lands and Tenements, at Hammersmith, in the Parilli of Ftdham, in the County of Middlesex; which

5 N the

14* — !-15® Januarii.

4i4

the Sitting Member, in the Rental or Particular, by bim delivered in to the Clerk of this House, pursuant to the standing Order of the House made for that Purpose, ciaiim, in Fee, according to the Custom of the Manor, of Fulham, under a Mortgage Surrender, and an Admission thereto, and a Release of the Equity of Redemption from the Mortgager; were subject to a subsequent Mortgage, iqade by the said Mortgager, previous to the Date of the said Release of the Equity of Redemption.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner, having objected to the Consider^tion given for the Estate, which the Sitting Member, in the said Rental or Particular, claims for his natural Life, by Deed of Feoffment, and Livery and Seisin thereon given, by John Clarke of Gentleman, they offered to prove (which the Counsel for the Sitting Member admitted), that the said Estate was all the real Estate, except about Three Pounds per

num, which the said John Cla the Grantor was seised

of at the time of the Date of the said Deed.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner having objected to the Annuity of One hundred and Twenty Pounds, which the Sitting Member, in the said Rental or Particular, claims for Life, by Grant from Charles Bernard Esquire, they offered to prove (which the CounfeLfor the Sitting Member admitted), that the Estate charged with the said Annuity does not exceed the yearly Value; of One hundred and Thjrty-two Pounds.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner having objected, that the Sitting Member, in the Oath by hifn taken, at the time of his Ele£tiQii"purlhant to the Dire&ion of the said Act of the Ninth year of the Reign of Queen did not particularly enumerate alt the several Parishes opt' of which the Fee Farm Rents, mentioned in the said Particular, are issuing;

The Instrument of the said Oath, fubfqribed by £he

A. 1759.

from the City of Westminster,to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, is referred.

Ordered, That the Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners of Westmh rjler Bridge, from the 15th of February 1738, to the 14th of November 1739, both inclusive, prefen ted allb to Ihe House the 14 th Day of December Jail, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Contrails made by the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge,from the 15th of February

1738, to the 14th November 1739, both inclusive, presented also to the House the 14th Day of December Jail, be referred to the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the Hearing the Matter of Plymouth the Petition of Charles Vanbrugh Esquire, complaining Election, of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the said Petition was read.

And the (landing Order of the House, made the 16th Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel, at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence, touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament; for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination in the House of Commons, was also read.

And the laftDetermination of the House, concerning the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, made the gth Day of 1660, which was then resolved to be in the Mayor and Commonalty of the said Borough, was also read.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner were heard, and infilled. That the Word " Commonalty," in the said last Determination, extends only to the Freemen of the said

Sitting Member, was produced by the Sheriff, who took - Borough, exclusive of the Freeholders thereof:

1 /V II '1 % 1 aK m M #1 Vv 4- K a / ’ a J a 1 xVv m A- 1 — -

the fame, and read.

And that Part of the said Rental or Particular, which deferibes the said Fee Farm Rents, wps read.

And the First, Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Sec-tion-of the said Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne,were read.

Then the Counsel for the Sitting Member was heard. And One of the Counsel for the Petitioner was heard.

Which being denied by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, who infilled, that the saidWord " Commonalty" includes the Freeholders of the said Borough;

The Counsel for the Petitioners proceeded to give Evidence in support of their Construction of the saidWord.

And a Charter granted by K the Third to

the Corporation of Plymouth,dated the Eighth Day of December, in the Eighth Year of his Reign, containing an Itifpeximus of a Charter, granted by King Henry

by way of Reply. -

And the Counsel, on bothSides, were directed to with- the Sixth>to the *a'd Corporation, being produced; draw. ! ' Part of the said Charter, granted by King Henry the

Committeeof

Privilege*.

Prohibition of Commerce with Spain.

Papers re-

Westmi after Bridge.

Mr. Clarke was hekrd in his Place; and then he withdrew.

Resolved, That Charles Clarke Esquire is duly elected a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

1 Mortis, *5* die Januarii;

Anno 13* GeorgiLIIf1' R^ffis* ,1739-Prayers.

MR. Walpole presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for prohibiting Commerce with Spain,: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Proceedings of the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge,from the i5t(h February 1738, to the 14th November 1739, both inclusive, presented to the House the 14th Day of December last, be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, 18

Sixth, was read; reciting, That the said King had lately, by Authority of Parliament, made the Vill of and the Tythings of Sutton Rouf, Parcel of the Hamlet -of Sutton Vcmtort, and a certain Parcel of the Tything of Compton, in the County of Devon, to be for ever called the Borough of Plymouth; and the said Borough to be incorporated of One Mayor, and One Commonalty.

Then a Copy of an Indenture of Return of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Mary, made by the Mayor and Commonalty of the said Borough, under the Seal of Office of the Mayoralty of the said Borough, was produced, and read.

And Copies of several other Indentures of Return of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, of the 26th, 30th, 39th, and 43d Years of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth; and of the ill, x8th, and 2ill Years of the Reign of King James the Fil’d; and of the ift and 15th Years of the Reign of King Charles the First j made by the said Mayor and Commonalty, under their common Seal, were produced, and read.

Then a Copy of the Indenture of Return of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, dated the 3d Day of April 1660, made by the Mayor and Commonalty of the said Borough, under their Common Seal, was also produced, and read.

And a Copy of the Return, made by the Sheriff of Devon, of Burgesses, for the Biorough of Sutton, in the said County, upon the Writ of Summons to him directed

13 Geo. II. 15® — 16

tested in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King Edward the First, was also produced, and read.

And Copies cf several Returns, made by Sheriffs of the said County, of Burgesses for the Borough of Plymouth, in the aoth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Sixth, and the 17th Year of the Reign of King Edward the Fourth, were also produced, and read.

And, in order to prove, that Freemen only were intended by the Word " Commonalty," in the said fall Determination, concerning the Right of electing Burgesses for the said Borough;

The several Reports frditt the Committee of Privileges and Elections, made the 27th Day of and the 9th Day of June 1660, touching the double Return for the said Borough, and the Reiblutjons of the House thereupon* Were rea<l.

And Copies of several subsequent Indent ures of Return; t'i'x. of the 13th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and of the Year 1666, 1676, 1678, 1679, 1680, and 1685, being produced;

The Copy of the said Indenture of Return, of the 13 th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second,1 made by the Mayor and Commonalty of the said Borough, tinder their common Seal, was read.

And the Connfel for the fitting Member admitted. That the rest of the said Indentures of-Return were like-wife made by the Mayor and Commonalty, under tfaeir Common Seal. ....

Then a Copy of the Certificate of the Mayor of the said Borough, dated the i7t.l1 Day of January |688, of the Burgesses elected by him, and the rest of the Burgestes and Freemen, and Freeholders of the said Borough, to attend the Convention at Westminster, pursuant to the Directions of the Letter of the Prince of Orange, was also produced, and read.

And a Copy of an Indenture of Return of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, dated the 10th of July, in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, under the Common Seal of the said Borough, witnessing quod major et communitas et praefentes liberi Burgenfes burgi prasdidti et " homines inhabitantes in et feifiti de liberis tenements " Anglic? Freeholders infra Burgum praedictum," elected the said Member, was also produced, and read.

Then Copies of several Indentures of Return of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, of the Years 1690, 169.7, 1698, 1700, 1701, 1702, 1705, 1708, 1709, 1710, 1713, 1714, 1720, 1721, and 1724, were produced and read; in all which, except that of the Year 1698, which was made by the Mayor and Commonalty, under their Common Seal, the Return was made by the Mayor and Commonalty; and several others. Freeholders of the said Borough, under the common Seal of the Mayor and Commonalty; and also the Seals of the Freeholders.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner alleged, That the fuhfcquent Returns were made in the like Form.

Then the Counsel for the Sitting Member were heard; and proceeded to give Evidence in support of their Construction of the Word " Commonalty," in the said lall Determination.

And the Parliament Roll, of the 18th Year of the . Reign of King Henry the Sixth, being produced, Part of the Act of Parliament, therein contained, was read; whereby the Vill of Sutton Prior, and the Tything of Sutton Raf, and Parcel of the Hamlet of Sutton Vantort (the same Vill.Tything and Parcel, being vulgarly called Plymouth), and a certain Parcel of the Ty thing of Compton, within the County of Devon, was made a free Borough, incorporated of One Mayor, and One Commonalty, to be called the Borough of Plymouth', with a Power, among other Privileges, to the said Mayor and Commonalty, to make Burgesses of the said Borough, from time to time, and with a general Saving of the Rights of all Persons, not expressly named in the A6h

Then a Copy of the Indenture of Return of Serjeant Maiymrd, and Edmund Votoell Esquire, mentioned in the You. 23.

’ Januarii. 415

said Report, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, made the 27th Day of Ajnril 1660, was produced, and read.

Then, in order to prove, that the Freeholders of the said Borough voted, at the Election of Burgesses in the Year 1676, a Book was produced by the Town Clerk of the said Borough, preferred, as he said, in the Town Clerk’s Office, as one of the publick Books of the said Corporation, and containing Abstracts of Leases granted by the Corporation of Plymouth, and several other Matters; in which Book, as the Counsel for the Sitting Member alleged, there is a Memorandum of a Form made in the Year: (676, by the then Town Clerk of the said Corporation, of ft Return of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Plymouth; but with a Memorandum also in the said Book, that the said Form was not made use of, bat tee old Form nfed.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member offering to give the same in Eridence, the Counsel for the Petitioned objected thereto. j

And the Couufel for the Sitting Member were heard in Answer to that Objection. '

And ted Counsel for the Petitioned were heard by way Reply.

Arid tile Counsel on both Sides being withdrawn;

' And the Questfon being put, dliat the Counsel for the Sitting Member be admitted to produce, in Evidence, a publick Bobk of tee Corporation of Plymouth, containing Abffeadts of iLbafes granted by tee laid Corporation, and feverid other Matters'; in which Book the said Courife 1 allege; there ka Memorandum df a Form, made in the Year 1676, by the then Town Clerk of the said Corporation, of a Return of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Plymouth; but with a Memorandum also in the said Book, that the said Form was not made use of, but the old Form used;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel on both Sides were again called in; and, being acquainted, by Mr. Speaker, with the said Resolution, were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Charles Vanbrugh Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 160 die Jan>

Anno i3* Georgii Ildi Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

A PETITION of several of his Majesty’sJustices of Tmftewof the Peace, Clergy, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Roads in Trustees, under Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Middle!*, Eighth Year of his late Majesty George the First, and the Tenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads in the Counties of Midd and Essex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are many Persons appointed. Under the said Acts, to be Trustees for the repairing of the abovesaid Roads, who have very little or no Freehold in either of the said Counties, and, consequently, are not so much concerned for the fame, as the Petitioners; yet the said Persons, being many in Number, and dwelling, for the most part, in or near the Parish of Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, where Meetings are held, during the Six Winter Months, for the Dispatch of Business relative to the said Turnpike, by reason of their Vicinity, are frequently more in Number than the Gentlemen whoseFree-holds lie at a greater Distance in Essex-, f <nn whence it happens, that the Affairs of the said Tui pike are chiefly influenced and governed by them; who do sometimes carry Questions by surprize, particularly at a late Meeting, where they did, in a most extraordinary and un-

justifiable

s

416 16° Januani: . A. 1739.

juflilTable manner, at an urtreasonable time of the Day, A Petition of the unhappy Prisoners for Debt, in Debtors and without Riving any No( ice, take upon them to dif- the Woodjtrect Compter of London, in behalf of them* Petition*, charge one of the principal Officers in the said Trust, selves and several Thou funds in the other Gaols of this without any Charge or A ecu fat ion against him, or giving Kingdom; and also,

him any Opport unity to make his Defence, though the A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt, in the Castle of said Officer was, at that very time, absent with their York, in behalf of themselves, and Gaols adjacent: and Privity and Consent: And, as the Petitioners apprehend, also,

that the Trull may be liable to the same unwarrantable A Petition of the unhappy Prisoners for Debt, in the Proceedings at other times, without the House shall Gaol of Stafford, in the County of , in behalf of

please to interpose their Authority to prevent the fame; themselves, and several Thousands in the other Gaols of therefore praying the House to grant them such Redress this Kingdom; and also,

in the Premises, as to the House shall seem most meet. A Petition of the unhappy Prisoners for Debt in the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Marsha Prison, in the Borough of , in the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- County of Surrey, in behalf of themselves, and several mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with Thousands in the other Gaols of this Kingdom; their Opinion thereupon, to the House: Were severally presented to the House, and read;

And it is referred to Mr. Olmius, Mr. Gulfion, Mr. complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Compton, Sir Jer. Davers, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie

Mr. Kinaston, Mr. Longueville, Captain Townshend, Mr. upon the Table.

Conyers, Mr. Gore, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Hay, Mr. Walker,

Colonel Bladen, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Shepherd, The House being informed, that Mr. from Dispositkm

Mr. Fere, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Pitt, Sir Robert Monro, the Treasury, attended at the Door; of Graao,

Mr. Hampden, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Yorke, He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Mr. Southwell, Mr. Affleck, Sir Edmund IJhcm, Mr. House, pursuant to their Order,

Carew, Mr. Blagrave, Sir Nathanael Curxon, Lord Pol- An Account, ffiewing how the Money given for the

worth, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Botves, Sir John Morgan, Lord Service of the Year 1739 hath been disposed of, diliin-

PalmerJUm, Mr. Popliam, Sir Charles Mordaunt; and guished under the several Heads, until the 1 ith Day of

all the Members whoservefor the Counties of Middlesex January 1739, and the Parts thereof remaining unfatis-

and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five fied, with the Overplus thereupon.

of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have And then he withdrew.

Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records, And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; vix.

AN

ML

din ACCOUNT, {hewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1739 hath been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads, until the 1 ith Day of February 1739*40 j

and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied, with the Overplus thereupon.

GRANTS.

ffor Viftoafa, Wages, and Wear and Tear, of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 14,000 Men, for 13 Month*, beginning the r* 1 ift Janwirp 173^-g ....

P For the Ordinary of the Navy; and for Half-pay ——

ip I

L Toward* the Support of Greenwich Hospital -

C For Ordnance, Swi Service for 12, oooo Men ——

Ordnance - - < For Ordnance, Land Service ' ——

£ For extraordinary Services!ncurred, and not provided for by Parliament

Forcee -

Deficiencies

c*

o

}For defraying the Charge of 17,704. Men, for Guards, Garrisons, <£c. Anno 1739 -

For maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, fyc, and Georgia, 1739 For several extraordinary Exueuces and Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament -Upon Account of Out-peuflone»-s of Chelsea Hospital ——

Upon Account of Half-pav to reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, Anno 1739 - For Persons to Officers Widows, married before Chrijbnas 171^, for the Year 1739

.For Levy Money and Subsidy to the King of Denmark, pursuant to Treaty -

rfo make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, Anno 1737, at Lady-day 1739 -

I To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, Anno 1737, at Michaelmas 1739 ——

*To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum, paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties at Chr{fmas 173.7 . - - . - / -

|To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum, paid to the Bauk, for One Year’s Inhered, due the 8th of September 1738, on £. 500,000 lent on Sak, Anno 17$$ - - - - -

d.

592,800-----

222,689 2 6

31,200

80,088 6 3

30*503 11 6

647*5+9 11 3 i

418,062 10 7i

5.04» 8 3i

47,174 15 5

- 39*24 19 2

3.960 — —

149,696 10

39»7°4 9 10

5.552 18 —

20,000 r; —

Towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements belonging to the Royal African Company on the Coafi of Africa -

Towards the further settling and securing the Coloiiy of Georgia in America - - - -.

To be paid to Mrs. Joanna Stephens, for her Discovery, for the Use of the Publick, of her Method of preparing her Medicines for the Stone -To be issued and applied for the Purposes stipulated in the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, towards Satisfaction of his Majesty’s Subjects for Damages sustained by the Depredations of the Spaniards - -

Towards the repairing and finiffiing the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster ——

Towards the further repairing and finitiiing the Tower and Roof of St. Margaret*s Church, Westminster -

To make good to Solomon Mcrrett, and others, their Loss of their Ship Sancta Isabella, taken by the Spaniards -

For the Augmentation of his Majesty’s Forces either by Sea or Land, purfiiaat to the Claafe in the Alt for appropriating the publick Supplies/ Anr\q

>739* Page 397..... ——

WHEREOF

Issued to the Paymaster General of his Majesty’s Land Forces upon Account - - - - ‘ - - - ’ -

Ifiiied to the Paymaster of the Marine Regiments upon Account - -

Allotted to the Navy on Aecount of the said Augmentation -

Ways and Means for fopplying the said Services.

jC«

75°ioo----- By the Malt Duty, Anno 1739.

*,000,000 — — By the Land Tax, Anno 173$. ll9»45^ ^7 9 By Surplus Anno 1738, voted to 1739*

500.000 ----- By the Sinking Fund.

7,000----- By Arrears of Malt, 1737.

376*45* 17 9

560.000 ----- By the Sinking Fund for Augmentation.

2,876,4.51 17 9 Total of Ways and Means,

*>787,729 9 io£ Total voted.

88,722 7 10$ Overplus of Ways and Means.

£ * d. Sums paid. Remains to be paid.

£0» £. s.

815,489 4 6 10,000 "97.4®3 15 »i 18,085 6 7 10,000 — —

*4*»79t 17 9 141,79* l"

950.911 4 9i 70,583 6 8 950,911 4 9| 70,58.3 6 8

192.953 *> 2I 10,000 20,000 5,000 192,953 18 4j 10.000 — — 20.000 SAOO

60,000 — — 4.000 ~ 2.000 — — 5,000 4*000 2,000 60,000 —

4,487,749 9 10J 4,189,644 3 3i 98.085 6 7.

500,0*0 — —

- — - 184,997 6 11 23,659 3 — 293*343 w>

*>787>7*9 9 >°S

*>396,300 *3 *i

Retidue of Ways and Means, Anno 1739, undisposedoCthe nth Dav of January 1739 5 Of the Sinking Fund, Retidue of £, 500,000 for augmenting his Majesty’s Forces On the Land Tax, for the Service of the Year 1739 - r

From whence dedn& what Remains to b$ paid out of the Supplies Rest if the Overplus of the Grants, Ahmo 1739, as Rated onthe other Side

Total Retidue - "

- *, - c-

of

391428 16

293.34S 10 186,807 14 5$

480,151 4 6£

9^1,428 16 8

88,744 7 loj . in

This Account is dated, in pursuance of an Order of this Honourable House, and! is humbly presented, this 1.6th Day of January 1739, by n»e

Thomas Boteen.

13 Geo. II. 16° JanuAriu

418

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Offices and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

Employment*. jnjemniiy Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose: And that Mr. Richard Plumer and Mr. -. cis Fane do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sopply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forcesin the Plantations, Minorca, and for the Year 1740, b.e referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of fuel) reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died upon the British Establishment of Half Pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th Day of December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1740, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplufes, Hated at Lady Day 1739, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplufes, statedat Michaelmas 1739, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1740, Land Servipe, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Treaty with

14th March, N. S. 1738-9, presented to the House the 10th Day of May 1739, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the TranflatiorcoftheTreatywith mark, 14 March, N. S. 1738-9, presented to the House the said 10th Day of May 1739, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may hare Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom-and Means. ing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Committee of Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-Privileges. tions be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow , Morning, Nine of the Clock

Jovis, 170 Januarii;

Anno i2* Georgii II41 Regis, 1739. Prayers.

Debtors A P ETITIO N of the Prisoners for Debt in the She-Fetition?. £x_ riff’s Ward at Bodmyn, in the county of ,

in behalf of themselves, and several Thousands in the ther Wards of the Kingdom; and also,

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in his Majesty’s 16

A. 1739.

Gaol of Newgate, in the City of on behalf of

Ihemselves, and several Thousands in the other Gaols of this Kingdom;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported Supply, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which ihey had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Sixty-six thousandTwo hundred and Three Pounds Two Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltaand for Provisions for the Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Canso, Placentia, Gibraltar, and Georgia; for the Year 1740.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That aSum,notexceedingThree thousandNinehundred Ninety-eight Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of maintaining the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died upcyi the Establishment of Half pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th Day of December 1716, for the Year 1740.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety-four thousand and Seventy-one Pounds Eleven Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1740.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-six thousand Three hundred Sixty-two Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Extraordinary Expence of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ThataSum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, be granted tahis Majesty,to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum, paid out of the same to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for One Y,ear’s Interest,due on or before the 8th Day of September 1739; beingafter ' the Rate of Four per Cent, on the principal Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, by them lent on Credit of the Salt Duties, towards the Supply of the Year 1735, pursuant to aClause in an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings, for the further Term of Four Years.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Eight hundred and Sixty-five Pounds Eighteen Shillingsand Nine Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum, paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties at 1738, pursuant to a Clause in an Act of Parliament, pafl-; ed in the Fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for raising One Million Two hundred thousand Pounds, by Annuities and a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1731.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Fifty-eight thousand Three hundred and Thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence; be granted to his Majesty, on Account of the Subsidy 3 payable to the King of Denmark, pursuant to the Treaty, bearing Date the TT March 1738-39, for the Service of the Year 1740.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

agreed to by the House.

0 J Natufalizi-

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House protdtant/ to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, fouled

upon An,er*c*‘

16°- 7170

13 Geo. II. 17° — 18° Januarii. 419

upon the Bill for naturalizing such foreign Protestants as are settled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty’s Colo* nies in America, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

'ymouth The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the ±k<liou. Matter of the Petition of Charles Vanbrugh Esquire,’ complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon.

And the Counsel were called in:

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member proceeded in their Evidence, in Support of their Construction of the "Word " Commonalty," in the last Determination of the 1 louse, concerning the Right of electing Burgesses for the said Borough made the 9th Day of June 1660:

And the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, made the 3 ill Day of , in the First

Year of the Reign of King William and Queen touching the Election for the said Borough, and the Resolution of the House thereupon, was read:

And a Copy of the Indenture of Return of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, dated the 30th Day of July 1698, made by the Mayor and Commonalty of the said Borough, under their Common Seal, was produced and read.

Then the Counsel for the Sitting Member examined several Witnesses, in order to prove, That Freeholders have, by Usage, voted at Elections of Members to serve m Parliament for the said Borough; and that,at the last Election, both Parties agreed. That the Freeholders had a Right to vote:

And then the Counsel for the Sitting Member were further heard, and summed up their Evidence:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner were heard, by way of Reply.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That, in the last Determination of this House, of the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, made the 9th Day of June, in the Year One thousand Six hundred and Sixty, which is as followeth, " That the " Mayor and Commonalty of have Right to

" elect Members to serve in Parliament for that Borough it appears to this House, That the Word Commonalty," therein mentioned, extended to the Freemen only of the said Borough:

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out, after the Word " Freemen," the Word " only," and inserting the Words * and Free- holders," in (lead thereof:

And the Question being put. That the Word only" Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the "Noes,

119.

Lyttelton:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That in the last Determination of this House, of the Right of Election of Membeis to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, made the Ninth Day of June, in the Year One thousand Six hundred and Sixty, which is as followeth. That the Mayor and Commonalty of Plymouth have f( Right to elect Mem hers to serve in Parliament for that " Borough"; it appears to this House, That the Word " Commonalty," therein mentioned, extended to the Freemen only of the said Borough.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again called Vo l,23.

in; and, being acquainted by Mr. Speaker with the said Resolution, were again directed to withdraw.

Then the Sitting Member acquainted the House, That the Word " Commonalty," mentioned in the last Determination of this House, of the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Plymouth, being declared by this House to extend to the Freemen only, of the said Borough, he would not give the House any furtherTrouble.

And then he withdrew.

And the Question being put, That John Rogers Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That Charles Vanbrugh Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to aihend the Return for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon,\vy razing out the Name of Esquire,

and inserting the Name of Charles Vanbrugh Esquire, instead thereof.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrotv Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1 eneris, 18° die Januarii;

Anno 13° Georgii IF1 Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

MR. Cartzoright reported from the Committee, to Old Stratford whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names Road*,

are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution Three several Acts of Parliament, the First made in the Sixth Year of the Reign; of her late Majesty Queen intituled, An ASf for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford,in the County of Northampton, to Dtinchurch, in the County of Warzoick-, and the Second, passed in

the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term granted by the above-mentioned Act, and for making the same more effectual; and the Third, made in the Tenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for making more effectual the said Two former Acts; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, in order to prove the Allegations thereof,

The Agent for the Petitioners laid before the Committee the said Acts of Parliament in the Petition mentioned:

And, upon reading a Clause in the Act of the Tenth Year of his present Majesty, it appeared. That the Three Turnpike-gates, then erected on the said Roads, should continue in the respective Places they then stand: And that it should not be lawful for the Trustees therein named, to pull down or remove either of them, during the Continuance of the said Acts.

Then the Petitioners called,

M r. Thomas Barker: Who, being examined, said, That there are Three Turnpike-gates now erected on the said Roads; viz. at Old Stratford, Plump Park Corner, and Dtinchurch; by means whereof several Passengers pass and repals on the said Roads, without paying any Toll for the fame; which is a great Detriment to the Trull, and a Loss to the Revenue of at lead Fifty Pounds a Year:

And the said Witness further gave Evidence, That, if the saidTrulleesare impowered to pull dowu such Gates, or to erect others ou other Parts of the said Roads, it will be aMeans of increasing the Revenue of the said Turnpike, and enable them to keep the said Roads in much better

Repair;

v

Hockliffe

Hoad.

Plymouth Elediou — Return amended.

420

18a Januarii. A. 1739.

Repair; and will likewise be a Benefit toPersons having Occasion to travel the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making more effectual Three several Acts of Parliament, One of the 6th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and another of the 1 ith Year of the Reign of his latte Majesty King George, for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in the County of ton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick j and the

Third, made in the xoth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for* making ittOre effectual the said Two former A6h»: And that Mr. Cartwright, Sir Nathanael Mr* Thomas Gore, Sir Edmu Isham, Mr. and Mr. Archer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, That the Committee to whom the Bill for repairing the Road between Hocklifft, in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, is committed, does not subsist; and that something material has occurred proper for the Confederation of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee be revived.

A Deputy of the Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifltte his Warrant to Oxford Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ foe. the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Oxford, in the room of Sir William Stapleton, Baronet, deceased.

The House being informed. That Mr. Corbett, Secre- Greenwich tary to Greemoich Hospital, attended at the Door; Hospiul.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, pfefented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account, thawing how the Money granted last Session of Parliament for Greenicich Hospital has been disposed of: And also,

A State of the yearly Revenue and Expence of Greenwich Hospital.

And he also presented to the House, pursuant to AA of Parliament, a Report of the Commilljoners wich Hospital, as to what Money has been received from the Derwentwater Estate in the Year 1739; and of their Proceedings in carrying on the Building.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account, State, and Report, were read.

The said Account, State, and Report, are as follow j

viz.

17th January T An ACC O U N T, shewing how the Money granted last Session of Parliament for Greenwich 1739.,) Hospital has been disposed of; prepared in pursuance of an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 8th January 1739.

The Expence Of maintaining 550 additional disabled Seamen, with 33 Narfes, being Widows of £. s. d.

Sea Officers or poor Seamen, is estimated at - - 9,436 6 4

Remainder, expended ib the chtrOnt Service Of the Hospital - * - - - 563 13 8

£. 10,000-----

tfbtt'. That the Acctrtrhts of the Hospital are cleared and jund only to the 30th of September last.

By Order of the Commissioners,

Will. Corbett.

C

g

eg'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

17 th January, 1739. A STATE of the yearly Revenue and Expence of Greenwich Hospital; prepared inpursuance of an Order of the HonourableHouseof Commons,

datedthe 8thya?zt^ry 1739.

Estimate of the Revenue.

The Six Pence per Man per Menfem, of 10,000 Seamen usually employed in the King’s Service at Sea, in Time of Peace,yields -The Six Pence a Man per Menfem, of about 1,500 Seamen employed onboard his Majesty’s Ships in ordinary, may yield -The Six Pence a Alan per Menfem, of Seamen employed in the Merchant Service, is eftirnated at'- - -

The Three Light-houses on the Forelands may yield, per Annum, about -The Rent per Annum of Honfes yield about -There is veiled in South Sea Annuities, by Order of the Court of Chancery, the Sum of £.3,800 devifedto the Hospital; which Sum is to belaid out in the Purchase of Lands; and, in the mean time, the Hospital receives Interest, at f. 4 per Cent. -

Revenue short of the Expence

£. s. d.

3»25° — —

487 10 —

7,000 — ——

1,400 — —

228 18 4

15* — —

12,518 8 4

11,511 11 i

£.24,029 19 5

Note, The Half Pay of the Lieutenant Governor, and other military Officers, of the Hospital, which is at present applied in Aid to the Revenue of the Hospital, and may be deducted from the above Deficiency, amounts to The Wages, and Value of Provisions, allowed the Chaplains of the Ordinary of Deptford and , which

are at present applied -in like manner, they being the Chaplains of the Hospital, amount to

643

s. d. 7 —

- 107-----

But tthe saidSums, being uncertain, are not brought to Account as Part of the Revenue of the Hospital.

Note, As 12,000 Seamen were voted for the Service of the Year 1739, the Revenue will have yielded more in proportion, as the Number employed exceeded 10,000 Men.

70

f*

O

o

75o 7

Estimate of the Expence.

£. x. d.

The Maintaining of 1,000 disabled Seamen, with the Officers, Servants, and

- 21,254 13 10

Nurses, upon the present Establishment, is eftirnated at be ordinary Repairs in and abi Officers of the Works, is eft imi Contingent Charges are about

The ordinary Repairs in and about the Hospital, including the Wages of the Officers of the Works, is eftirnated at about -

By Order of the Commissioners,

Corbett.

- 2,020 5 7

7 55-----

£.24,029 19 5

I*

13 Geo. II. 18° Januaril.

44z 18° Jamarii. A. 1739.

17 Januarii 1739.

A REPORT of the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, as to what Money has been received from the Derwentwater Estate, in the Year 1739; and of their Proceedings in carrying on the said Building:

In Obedience to the Directions of an Act, passed in the First Session of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates, forfeited by the Attainders at' James late Earl of Derwenlwater, and of Charles Radcliffe;

Requiring the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen, at Grecmoich, to contract and agree with able and sufficient Tradesmen, Artificers, or other Persons, for finiffiing and completing the said Royal Hospital in a workman-like and substantial manner, on the easiest and most reasonable Terms, according to the Plan laid before the House of Commons in the said Session of Parliament; and to lay their Proceedings therein before his Majesty, aqjl both Houses of Parliament, respectively;

The Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital do humbly report as followeth;

j£* S‘ d.

There has been received, between the 31st December 1738, and the 30th of November 1739, out

of the Rents and Profits of the Estate - 4,000 -

As to their Proceedings in carrying on the Building: ——

The Governor’s Kitchen and Scullery are quite finished. The Walls of the Brewhouse, and great Reservoir, are quite up, and covered in.

In Queen Anne’s Court, Two Partition Walls, and Two Stacks of Chimneysare carried up from Bottom to Top of the Building; a great Part of the lower Story is arched, Two Floors are put in, Two Reservoirs for Water made, a Stone Staircase, with Iron Balluftrade, is carried up from Bottom to Top, and great Part of the Attick and Metzonian Stories are floored andwainfeoted.

In Queen Mary's Court, a great Quantity of Earth and Rubbish is dug and carried ayay; the Walls of the Chapel are quite up, Balluftrade and Roof put on, and covered in; the Tower at the West End of the Chapel iscarried up to the Base of the Columns that carries the Dome: the Colonnade, on the West Side of the Court, is far advanced; in the East and South Sides of this Court, Piers of Stone are carried up, great Part of Two Stories are arched, and Four large Reservoirs for Water, with Pipes for them, are made.

The Expence of which, brought to an Account in September last, and paid, has amounted to - 19,768 — - —

m L 1

Notcy There has been paid by the Receivers, out of the Money arising from the Rents and

Profits of the Estate, on account of building and repairing Tenants Houses, and other necessary Repairs on the Estate, between the 31st December 1738, and the 30th of November 1739.....- 1,958 19 7I

By Order of the Commissioners,

Will. Corbett.

Ordered, That the said Account, State, and Report, / He was called in; and, at the Bar, prefen ted to the do lie upon the Table, to he perufedby the Members' f#owfe,5purfaairtitotheirOrder, an Accoafft,ftiewinghow of the House. much Monfey has been received by the Treasurer of the said Hospital, from 1738 to Christmas 1739.;

Greenwich The House being informed. That Mr. Wood, De- and how the same has been applied.

Hospital. pUty Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, attended at the And then he withdrew.

Door; And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

Greenwich Hospital,) Aw ACCOUNT, shewing how much Money has been received by the Treasurer of the said 17th January 1739 .}Hospital, from Christmas t. 7 to Christmas \ 739; and how the fame'has been applied; pre-

pared, ptirfuant to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated 8th instant.

Received for Seamen’s Six Pences, employed in the Merchants Service, One Y-ear; to November

1739 - ~ - - - . -

Received on account of Abatements on Seamen’s Wages, employed in his Majesty s^Service -Received for the Duties on the Light-houses On the North and South Forelands, one Year, to Michaelmas last -

Received the Money granted by Parliament, Amo 1738 -

Received the Chaplains Wages, and Groats on Deptford nod Woolwich Ordinaries, One Year to Christmas 1738 -

Received fortheProvisions due to the Chaplains of the said Ordinaries, One Year, toLady-day 1739 Received the Chaplains Groats on sundry Yachts, from the lft of January 1736 to the 30th of November 1738 ——

Received the Officers Half Pay, One Year, to Midsummer 1739 -

Received the Deductions of Three Pence in the Pound from the Officers on their Half 'Pay Received for Six Pences abated from Seamen employed in Victualing Vessels, One Year, to Christmas 1738

Received for Rent of Houses belonging to the Hospital ——

Received on a Bond of Mr. John James -

Received Two Years Interest on the5,500 3 per Cent. Annuities -

L s. d.

7,060 2 lo£

7>5°° —

1,636

10,000 ——

75 6 —

28 3 —

104 3 6

667 15 6

4 8 —

9 —

222 12 I

105

330 —

Tot At - - £ 47,749 6 8

Which said Sums, together with what remained in the Treasurer’s Hands on the Balance of the last Account, has been applied, as on the other Side; viz.

TreaAirer,

o

K

oa

Treasurer, Dr. Sum.

£. s. d.

To Cash remaining on the Balance of last Account - 13,185 7

To funcjry imprdl Receipts, then (landing out - - - a,i6o ig —

To the Treasurer’s Receipts, from Christmas 1738, to Christmas 1739, as

on the other Side - - 27,749 6 o

£ 43»°95 1* i

D

cq'

n‘

o

Per Contra,

Gr.

Paid Six Months Houshold Book's, ending March 1739 Six Months Contingencies, ditto -

Six Months Books of current Works,

Six Months Books of measured Works, ditto A Book of Works, done in the South Pavilion of Queen Anne's Court, ending the same time

Paid Six Months Houshold Books, 1739

Six Months Contingencies, ditto -

Six Months Books of current Works, ditto -Six Months Books of measured Works, ditto A Book of Works, done in the South Pavilion of Queen Anne's Court, ending the same time

Paid Rent due to MordenCollege, one Year to Lady-day

739 - -....

Paid on account of Works done in Queen Mary's Court on sundry Books, ending with September 1739, being so much more than the Receipts of the Rents and Profits of the Denoentwater Estate, amounts to for this time By sundry Impress Receipts uncleared -

For Hercules Baker Esquire, Treasurer.

James Wood, Deputy.

f Sum.

£ s. d. £ f* d-

> °.573 *7 nf

302 3 0

787 16 1

55o 3 9

466 2 5 12,680 3 2 i

11,028 6 if

136 — —

565 7 3

682 18 11

774 8 8 »3.187 0 nf

21 — —

13,901 19 4i

m *,115 —

4i>9°5 3 7

Balance 1,190 9 4i

Total - - £ 43,095 12 Jif

OO

o


K>

4

13 Geo. II.

424 18" — *22 Januraii. A. 1739.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Kensington, Mr. Henry Archer reported from the Committee, to kc. Ry»ds. whoih the Petition of the Freeholders, Landholders, Churchwardens, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of Kensington, in the County of whose Names are

thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of several of thelnhabitants of the Parish of and others usually

travelling through the said Parish,were referred, That the Committee had examined the Matters of the saidPetitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows;

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House,examined the Matter of the said Petitions:

And, to prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, the Petitioners called

Mr. Richard O/good: Who, being examined, said, That he had known the Road mentioned in the Petition Twenty Years, which is a publick Road, and the Chelsea Stage Coach frequently pafl'es that Way: That it is in so ruinous a Condition, that he is now obliged to use Six Horses to draw a Carriage which formerly lie had drawn with Two; and that he apprehends the Reason of such Decay to be, the great Number of heavy Carriages, loaden with Gravel, continually passing through the fame, to amend the Roads directed to be repaired by the Bill depending before the House: And that it was impossible for the said Road to be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Being further examined, he said, That the Difficulty of passing the Road is the Reason why several Houses at Bromptonare unoccupied: And that the Farmers and Gardeners cannot carry the Produce of their respective Farms and Grounds to , or any other Market,

unless the Road be amended.

Mr. Smith confirmed the foregoing Evidence: And added further, that the Parish of Kensington raises 9 s. on every House, towards the Repair of the said Road; and that it is impracticable to go from his own House without paying at some Turnpike; and that he is determined to leave the House where he now resides, by reason of the Badness of the Road.

Mr. Bird said. That he was Churchwarden of the Parish of Kensington in the Years 1729 and 1730: That there is a Composition paid by the Inhabitants of that Parish of £.35 a Year, to the said Turnpike; and that all’ the Road mentioned in the Petition lies in the Parish of Kensington.

Mr. Jenkins said, That his Dwelling-house is situate upon Part of the said Road, which is so ruinous, that when he has attempted to take a Hackney Coach, upon his Return home from London, he has frequently been refused by the Coachmen, so soon as he informed them whither he proposed to go: That he has been an Eye-witness of Coaches and Chaises being overturned before his Door, where the Road is so narrow that it is impossible for Two Carriages to pass the one by the other; which occasions daily Quarrels, and thereby endangers the Lives of the Passengers.

Mr. Joseph Griffin, Surveyor of the Highways for Kensington in the Year 1731, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Bird, with regard to the Composition of 35 a Year, paid by the Inhabitants of Kensington to the Turnpike: And further said. That the Roads, unprovided for by the Bill, and to be repaired by the Statute-work, are about Four Miles in Length; and that, during the time he acted as Surveyor, he laid 300 Loads of Gravel on it; which was given, and Part of the Expences for digging and carting was paid for by a voluntary Contribution; and that the Statute-work was insufficient for the Repair of the said Roads.

And the Witnesses severally agreed. That the Road mentioned in the Petition is a publick Highway; and that the Reason of its being in so ruinous a Condition was.

the heavy Loads of Gravel continually passing through the fame, for repairing the Roads directed to be amended by the Bill.

In order to prove the Allegations of the Second Petition, the Petitioners called

John Hutchins-. Who said, The Road intended to be repaired did not exceed in Length Three Furlongs and Sixteen Perches; and is now in a very ruinous Condition, notwithstanding the voluntary Contributions of several Gentlemen.

Mr. Upton confirmed the aforesaid Evidence: And added, that he apprehends the Road to be a publick one; and that it is very much frequented, though very dangerous to Passengers.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Firli, for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in th©

County of Middlesex, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing the Road from the Sign of the Bell, at Brompton, to the>

End of the Lane, known by the Name of lead-

ing to the Queen’s Elm, and from the End of Hogmore Lane to the Manor House at Earl's Court.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Corttr mittee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing a Lane in the Road between the Bell, near Brompton, and Queen's Elm, leading from the Nagg's Head in the said Road through Black Landsr being Part of what was formerly called Chelsea Common, to Chelsea Hospital.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Way* resolve Ltfelf into a Committee of the whole House, and Mean*, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Account, Ihewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1739 hath been disposed of, distinguistied under the several Heads, until the nth Day of January/ 1739; and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied; with the Overplus thereupon; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning nCxt.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2 2° die 'Janu.arii;

Anno 130 Georgii IIdI Regis, 1739.

Praters.

ORDERED, That all Committees be revived. Coamittee*.

Mr. Cartwright presented to the House, according to old Strat-Order, a Bill for making more effectual Three several ford Road*.

Acts

Siipply.

Debtor*

Petitions.

Offices and Employment*,

Tyburn Lane Road.

13 Geo. II. 220 Januarii.

425

Acts of Parliament, one of the Six th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and another of the 1 ith Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the Highways from Old, Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of 1Warzvick-, and the 3d, made in the 10th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for making more effectual the said Two former Acts: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in the Gaol of the Castle Hill in Non pick,in the County of Norfolk, in the behalf of themselves, and several Thousands in the other Gaols of this Kingdom; and also,

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in the Castle of Lincoln, in behalf of themselves, and several Thousands in the other Gaols of this Kingdom; and also,

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in the County Gaol of Worcester,in behalf of themselves, and several

Thousands in the Gaols of this Kingdom; and also,

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in the Gaol of Norzvich, in the County of Norfolk, in behalf of themselves, and several Thousands in the other Gaols of this Kingdom; ,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Richard Plamer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing fur: her Time for that Purpose: And the same was received: and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second time.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living near, and usually travelling through, a Lane, commonly called Tyburn Lane, leading from the great Oxford Road to the great Western Road, near Hyde Park Corner, in the Parish of St. George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; fettisg forth, That the said Lane, being a great antient Road, is become very bad and ruinous 1 that the same is almost impaft'able in the Winter Season, and cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws now in being, be sufficiently amended, and kept in Repair, fothat Passengers may pass and repass with Safety: That at each End of the said Lane there are Turnpikes erected; the one by the Trustees of KenfngtonT urnpike, the other by the Trustees of Mary bone Turnpike; who take different Tolls from Passengers going through the fame, and yet do not repair the said Lane, or any Part thereof, although the Petitioners annually pay the said Trustees a large Sum, by way of Composition, in lien of the Statute-work: And, in regard there is a Bill depending in the House for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, and

and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex, therefore praying, TJiat Provision may be made in the said Billfor repairingand amending the Lane aforesaid, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vyner, Mr. Winningfon, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Yorke, Mr. llarley. Lord Fere

Mr. Carcw,‘Mr. Hampden, Mr. Bo Mr. Lord

Sundon, Mr. Shut/lezoor/h, Mr. WalteMr. Mr.

Gybbun, Mr. Proby, Lord Guernjc-y, Mr. Earle, Mr. Powys, Sir Jer.Davers , Sir Eduard Dering, Lord

Beauclerk, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Mr.

kinfon, Mr. Vane, Sir Charles Vernon, Mr. Lech mere.

Lord Tyrconnell, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Mr.

Compton, Mr. Plamer. Lord James Sir Natha-

nael Curzon, Colonel Bladen, Mr, Sandys, Mr. Crauley,

Sir Wm. lleathcote, Mr. Archer, Mr. Fane, Colonel Piers, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Boone, Mr. Hucks, Sir Wm.

Irby, Mr Laroche, Sir James Grant, Colonel

Mr. Vernon, Sir Robert Rich-, and all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Bromley, Mr. Sloper, Sir Henry Kenfin^ton, Hoghton, Mr. Toioer, Sir John BuckzcorSir Nathanael &c. Roads. Curzon, Mr. Whitmore, Sir. Knight, Mr. Master, Mr.

Hales, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Thomas Archer, Mr. Lockwood,

Sir Henry Gough, Mr. Cartzvright, Mr. Fere, Mr. Hay,

Sir Wm. Irby, Mr. Thomas Gore, M r.

Mr.. White, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Bra fey, Mr. Mr.

Cornezcall, Mr. Gulston, Mr Clavering, Mr. Henry Archer, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Bailee, Mr. Sir

Jer. Davers, Sir Thomas Clarke, Sir Roger Lord John Murray, Mr. Cur wen, Mr. Forefer, Mr. Butler, Sii- W.m Gage, Lord John Sackvilie, Lord Mr. FitzRoy, Mr. Eyles, Mr. Fane, Colonel

Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Southwell, Mr MenMr.

Mr. Tracy, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Trevor, S\z Rowland A Iston,

Mr. Hedioorth, Mr. Wyndham Ashe, Mr. Ashe, \lr.Pen-ton, Sir Robert Clifton, Mr. Powney, be added to the Committee to whom, the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of ton, Chelsea, anti Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex, is committed.

Mr. Secretary at War acquainted the House, That he Army had received his Majesty's Commands to lay before this Estimates,&c. House, Estimate of the Charge of augmenting Six Regiments of Marines; and for raising One Independent Company of Invalids; and for making an Addition of Twenty Men to each of the Four Independent Companies of Invalids, raised in November 1739; for the Year 1740.

And Mr. Secretary at War presented the said Estimate to the House accordingly.

And he also presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of OW/ca Hospital, for the Year 174Q.

And the Titles of the said Eliimutes were read.

The said Eftirnates are as follow; viz.

Vol. 23.

5 Q ESTIMATE

Ways and Mean*.

Prohibition of Commerce with Spain

416 220 Januarii. A. 1739.

ESTIM AT E of the Charge of augmenting Six Regiments of Marines; and for railing One Independent Company of Invalids; and for making an Addition of Twenty Men to each of the Four Independent Companies of Invalids, raised in November 1739 j for the Year 1740.

By an Addition of One Second Lieutenant, One Serjeant, One Corporal, One Drummer, and Thirty effective private Men, to each of the Ten Companies of Colonel Wolfe's Regiment of Marines -

Ditto to Colonel Robinson's Regiment 3

Ditto to Colonel Lowther's Regiment - -

Ditto to Colonel iryMyarrfs Regiment -

Ditto to Colonel Donglajs's Regiment - -

Ditto to Colonel Moreton's Regiment -

Railing One Independent Company of Invalids; confiding of Or\e Lieutenant Colonel and Captain, One Lieutenant, One Ensign, Three Serjeants, Three Corporals, Two Drummers, and 90 effective private Men -

By an Addition of 20 private Men to each of the Four Independent Companies of Invalids, raised in November 1739, at 6d. per Diem each -

Levy Money for 1,800 private Marines, at z for each Man

Whitehall, 2 2d January, 17^-’.

Numbers. Pay of the Regiments, &c. for 366 Days. TOTAL.

£. s. d. £. s. d.

340 4,971 10 —

340 4,971 10 —

340 4,971 10 —

340 4,971 10 —

340 4,971 10 —

340 r\ r\ 1 r\ 4,971 10 — 29,829

- - IOI — m 1,596 13 6

- - 80 854

" - - 3,600

2,221 - 35.879 *3 6

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out Petitioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1740.

3,606 Out-pensioners Handing at present upon the Books of the Hospital at tyd. per Diem each ——

100 Letter-men, at \zd. pa' Diem each -

3S Serjeants, at yd. per Diem each -

Per Diem. For 366 Days.

£. s. d. £. s. d.

75 6 27.195 15 —

5 " 1 1,830

1 8 6 521 11 —

81 11 —

From which deduct.

The Sum of Nineteen thousand Five hundred Pounds,which,byEllimation,maybe applicable towards defraying this Expence, out of the Poundage of the Forces, for the Year 1740

29,847 6 —

19,500 — —

Remains to be granted, upon Account, for the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the

Year 1740.....-----

Whitehall, 22d January 17341.

io»347

Will. Yonge.

Ordered, That the said Ellimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Refolu. tion wllich they had directed him to report to the House which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s* Table:'Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Refclced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum of Eighty-eight thousand Seven hundred Twenty-two PoundsSeven Shillings and Ten Pence Farthing, now remaining in the Exchequer, being the Over-plus of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1739, be idiied and applied towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament.

The said Refutation, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question pul thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Bill for prohibiting Commerce with was read

a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Westminster count, Ihewing bow the Money granted Iall Session of Abbey. Parliament, towards repairing and finithing the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster, and to enable the Dean and Chapter of the said Collegiate Church to purchase Two prebendal Houses, in lieu of Two to be taken down, for facilitating the Repairs, and the Finilliing of the said Church, hath been disposed of.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Samuel Privilege. Harness, Clerk, did assault and beat John Moore, a menial Servant to Thomas Carew Esquire, a Member of this House; and, while the said JohnMcore was endeavouring to kill Game for his said Master’s Use, tore in Pieces the Net then used by him, being his laid Master’s Property; in Breach of the Privilege of this I louse.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Naturaliza-

The other Order of the Day being read; of Pto‘

The House resolved itself into aCoimnitteeof the whole- [eiiants House, upon the Bill for naturalizing such foreign Pro- settled in

tc Hants America;

13 Geo. II. 2a0 — 23 0 427

testants as are settled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty’s Colonies in America,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pulteney took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pulteney reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

Trade to The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act America, See. for the more effectual securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's /bv7///iSubjectsto America; and for the Encouragement of Seamen to enter into his Majesty’s Service, with some Amendmentls: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And fhen the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 230;

Anno 13° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

Debtors A P E T 1 T I O N of the Prisoners for Debt in the

Petitions. Gaol of Ivtlchester,in the County of in

behalf of themselves, and several i houfands in the other Gaols of this Kingdom: and also,

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in the Gaol of Rothivell, in the County of York, in behalf of themselves, and several Thousands in the Gaols of this Kingdom; and also,

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in the Gaol of Lei cester,in the County of L in behalf of themselves, and severalThoufandsin the other Gaols of this Kingdom;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Tyburn Lane Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Road. to whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living near, and usually travelling through, a Lane, commonly called Tyburn Lane, leading from the great Oxford Road to the great Western Road, near Hyde Park Corner, in the Parilli of

Hanovr-square, in the County of MiddleJ'ex, is referred; that they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Westminster The House being informed. That Mr. Davits, from the

Abbey. Dean and Chapter of IFattended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account, shewing how the Money granted last Session of Parliament, towards repairing and finitliing the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, Westminster, and to enable the Dean and Chapter of the said Collegiate Church to pnrchafeTwo prebendal Honfes, in lieu of Two to be taken down, for facilitating the Repairs, and the Finishing of the said Church, hath been disposed of.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bouud up with the other Papers of this Session.

Trustees of Ordered, That Mr. Hacks, Sir Geo. Mr.

Roads iu More, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Mr. Mr

Widdkfex. ^jr> Leheup, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Mr.

Vol. 23.'

White, Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Alderman Ileathccte, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Solicitor General; be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, Clergy, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Trustees, under Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of his late Majesty George the First, and the Tenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads in the Counties of MiddleJ'ex and Essex, is referred.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, Trade to to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual fe- Amtriea.&c. curing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s tish Mibjefts to America and for the Encouragement of Stamen to enter into his Majesty’s Service, be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Na- Dan vigation of the River Dun,in the County of under Navigation,

their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, by several Acts of Parliament, are impowered to make the said River Dun navigable, in Inch manner as by the said Acts isexprelTed; and that, in doing the fpme, the Petitioners have already expended upwards of Twenty-four thousand Pounds, and made a good Navigation from Rotherham to Wilfick House: And representing to the House, That in the said River Dun, between Wilfick House, and Fishlock Ferry, there are several Shallows, which make the Navigation thereof so imperfect, that in Neap Tides, or dry Seasons, Boats or Vessels cannot pass, to the great Discouragement of Trade, by Loss of Time in the Conveying of Goods up and down the said River; and that the improving the Navigation thereof will be for the Publick Good, and a great. Encouragement to the Manufactures of Iron, and more convenient for the Carriage of Cheese, Lead, Coals, Lime, Stone, Timber, and all other Goods, M ares, and Merchandizes, and will very much tend to the Increase of Watermen and Seamen, and be a means to preserve the Highways, and very advantageous, by employing the Poor: And therefore praying, That this House will give Leave, 'That a Bill be brought in to improve the Navigation of the River Dun, from Wilfick House in the Pai ilh of Barnby Dun, in the County of York, to Fishlock Ferry, in the same County.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confideiation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it flia.II appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Thompson of York, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Pigott,

Brigadier Bowles, Mr. Carew, Mr. Trefufis, Mr. Hacks,

Mr. Huxley, Captain Vanbrugh, Mr. Drummond, Mr.

Oltnius, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Sandys, Sir

Mr. Hume Campbell, Colonel Onjloxc, Colonel Pulteney,

Mr. Bance, Sir Wm.Courtenay, Mr. Mr.

Clarke, Sir JofEyles, Mr. Bifie, Mr. Mr.

Chester, Mr. Harley, Mr. Earle, Dr. Butler, Lord Baltimore, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Longuev Mr. White, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Mr. Compton, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Mr.

Plumer, Sir Rozcland Hill, Mr. Crawley, Sir Nathanael

Curzon, Mr. Hay-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Nottingham, Lincoln, Derby, and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Pulteney, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for tj0^u,iZa' naturalizing such foreign Protestants as are settled, or f,r(.jp, [>ro. shall settle, in any of his Majesty’s Colonies in wtanisiet-

was committed, the Amendments which the Committee ‘!ed in Ame-had madeto the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House;' and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Rill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second

time,

V

Naturalized Verlbns not relidiMifc in the Kingdom.

Debtors

Petitions.

Privilege.

Vazei lie’s, Icc. Nat.

428 2 30 — 240

time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to prevent Persons, who shall be naturalized, from refitting in foreign Countries after their Naturalization.

And the said Claul'e was once read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, declaring in what manner Jews shall be allowed to take the Oath prescribed in the Bill.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the Inconveniencies which may arise from naturalizing Persons who shall not continue to reside within his Majesty’s Dominions after their Naturalization: And that Mr. Holden, Mr. , and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis,24° die Januarii;

Anno 13* Georgii I. Hi Regis, 1739.

Pray £ RS.

AP ETITION of the Prisoners for Debt in the Gaol of Winton, in the County of Hants, in behalf of themselves, and several Thousands in the other Gaols of this Kingdom; and also,

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in the Castle Gaol, Oxford, for the County of Oxford, in behalf of themselves, and several Thousands in the other Gaols of this Kingdom; and also,

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in the Gaol of Fisherton Anger, in the County of Wilts, in behalf of themselves, and several Thousands in the other Gaols of this Kingdom; and also,

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in the Gaol of Ipswich, in the County of Suin behalf of themselves, and several Thousands in the other Gaols of this Kingdom: and also,

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in the Gaol of Dor-chester, in the County of Dorset, in behalf of themselves, and severalTboufands in other Gaols of this Kingdom; Were severally presented to the House, and read;

complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief. And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Notice being taken of a Mistake, in the Complaint made to this House, the nth of last, of a

Breach of the Privilege of this House, committed by JohnOldrc, Serjeant to the Poultry Compter, and William Hill, his Yeoman, in arresting Charles Draper, a menial Servant to Thomas Medlycolt Esquire, a Member of this House, by the Name of William being inserted in the said Complaint, instead of Hill-, and it having been referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint;

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That they do consider the Matter of the said Complaint against John instead of William Hill.

A Bill for naturalizing Antony Vazeille, and Stephen Saintandre, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Horf~ monden Turner, Mr. Thompjbn, Mr. Lewis, Sir John Aftley, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Bold, Mr.

Olmius, Mr. Vere, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Mr. Plumer,

Mr. Owen, Mr. Compton, Mr. Stert, Mr.

n

Januarii. 1739.

Mr. Clarke, Mr. Trefufis, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hungerford, Dr. Butler, Sir James Grant, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Lindefay, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Blagrave, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Robert Mr. Hooper, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Archer, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Carew, Mr. Carmichaell, Mr. Alderman Marshall, Mr. Soutine ell, Mr. Knight, Mr. Win-

nington, Mr. Keen, Mr. Bladen, Mr. Kynajhm, Mr. Houbbn, Mr. Gulf on. Lord Sir Henry Gough:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That an humble Address be prefenled to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Richard Terrick, Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address he presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Sandys presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the Abuses and Frauds of Persons employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton and Iron Manufactures of this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employment?, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purposej was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Royal African Company of England, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the House having, upon a full Examination, and Consideration of the State of the Trade to Africa, granted, in the last Session of Parliament, the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, towards the Maintenance of the tish Forts and Settlements belonging to the Petitioners there, the said Sum hath been applied accordingly: And it having appeared to the House, that the said Forts and Settlements cannot be supported, and the Trade preserved, without the Aid of Parliament, therefore praying, That such further Provision may be made in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Royal African Company of England do lay before this House the Establishment for their several Forts and Settlements on the Coall oi Africa,w\i\\ the Charges thereof, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-nine, distinguishing how much of the same is on the Account of Trade, and how much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Settlements; and also an Account how the Money, granted in the last Session of Parliament, towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, hath been disposed of.

Ordered, That an Eliimate of the Charges of the Royal African Company of England, for the Maintenance of the several British Forts and Settlements, belonging to the said Company, on the Coast of Africa, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty, be laid before this House.

The Lord Sidhcy Beauclerk reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road between

Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham,was committed, That the

r Committee

Chaplain.

Woollen

Manufacture.

Offices and

Eiiploymeuu.

African

Company.

African Forts, &c.

Hockliffe, See. Road.

13 Geo. II. 240 — 150 Januarii. 429

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and upon the Queiliou severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vtnerts, 2 50 die Januarii;

Anno 130 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

African np'HE House being informed. That Mr. Ac-

Forts, &c. JL comptant to the African Company, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order.

The Establishment of the Royal African Company of England for their several Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, with the Charges thereof for the Year 1739, distinguishing how much of the same is on account of Trade, and how much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Settlements; and also,an Account how the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament, towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, hath been disposed of: And also.

An Estimate of the Charges of the Royal African Company of England, for the Maintenance of the several British Forts and Settlements, belonging to the said Company, on the Coast of Africa, for the Year 1740.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Establishment and Estimate were read.

Ordered, That the said Establishment and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Establishment and Estimate are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Protection of A Petition of the Justices of the Peace of the County ColHerie*. of Derby, met at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held next after the Epiphany, and also of several Gentlemen, Clergymen, Freeholders, and others, whole Names are thereunto let, on behalf of themselves and others, Dealers in and Consumers of Coals, in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That many evil-disposed Persons, forae whereof are yet unknown to the Petitioners, have of late entered into Combinations, wilfully and maliciously to destroy Coal Works and Collieries, in that and the neighbouring Counties; and have, accordingly, by several indirect Ways and Means, and in a secret Manner, destroyed and drowned some Coal Works, not only to the manifest Damage and Injury of the Proprietors of the said Coal Works and Collieries, but with Intent (as the Petitioners apprehend) likewise extravagantly to enhance the Price of Coals, and procure to themselves a Monopoly; which once elfefted will oblige the County to buy their Coals of such Persons at their own Rates: And therefore, in regard the Petitioners have no other Fuel but Pit Coal, praying the House to take their same into Consideration; and to give them such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

Vol. 23.

And it is referred to Sir Nathanael Mr. Pin*

mer, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Dig by, Mr.

Shuttleworth, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Powney, Sir John Rushout,

Sir Wm. Heathcote, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Lindefay, Mr,

Hooper, Sir Miles StapyUon, Lord Pohvarth, Dr. Butler,

Colonel Onslow, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. South*

well, Mr. Hacks, Sir James Gran, Mr. Fere, Mr.

Affleck, Mr. Papillon, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Earle,

Mr. Kent, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Archer, Mr. Trefuflg,

Lord Sidney Beauderk, Mr. Smith, Mr. Fane, Lord Charles Cavendish-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Nottingham, Leicester, Stafford,

Warwick, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all that come are to have Yroices.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto Dunchurch subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Par- Road. Lament, passed in the Tenth Y’ear of the Reign of his late Majesty King Geoi'ge the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick, to the Bottom of Meriden in the same County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by the said Act, several Tolls and Duties were granted, and made payable, for repairing the said Road, for the Term of One-and-twenty Years; on the Credit whereof the Petitioners were obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money, in order to make the said Road pastable; and that the same Sum, with the ' Money collected by virtue of the said Act, except what hath been paid in Part of the Principal Money, so borrowed, and the Interest thereof, and other necessary Expences, hath been duly laid out in repairing the said Road; but that the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, Part of the said Principal Money, still remains due; and that, by reason of the Length of the said Road, the great Scarcity of good Materials, and the frequent passing of very heavy Carriages through the said Road, a great Part thereof is, in the W inter Season, very bad; and that the yearly Income of the present Tolls is not sufficient for the Payment of the aforesaid Sura, and to keep the said Road in good Repair, u 11 less the Perm and Powers, granted by the said Act, be enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers, granted by the said former Act, for so long time, and in such manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Digby, Mr. Smith, Sir Janies Grant, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Yorke, Mr.

Trefujis, Mr. Sibthorpe, Sir Henry Gough, Lord Gage,

Mr. Winnington, Mr. Earle, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr.

Carew, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Sir Wm. Mr. Lloyd,

Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Powney, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Shuttleworth, Lord Mr.

Papillon, Mr. Gregory, M r. Knight, Mr. Cheticynd, Mr. Bladen, Mr. Blagrave, Mr. Treby; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Sundon reported from the Committee to Westminster whom the Petition of the Commissioners for building a Bnd*‘ Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of WeJI-minster, to the pppofite, Shore, in the County of Surry, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and is as follows; viz.

5R Thg

Westminster

Bridge.

430

25* Januarii. A. 1739.

The Committee have, in pursuance of the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, in Support of the Allegations therein contained,

The Agent for the Petitioners laid before the Committee an Act, passed in thelall Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Powers of the Commissioners for building a Bridge, SCc.; whereby it appeared, That the Petitioners, as is alleged in their Petition, were impowered, to open, make, delign, and lay out, such Ways, Streets, and Passages, as they shall find proper to make on each Side of the River Thames to and from the intended Bridge, the Courts of Justice, and both Honfes of Parliament; and also to agree for, and purchase, such Houses and Ground, within certain Limits by the said Act prescribed, as they should find necessary for them to be possessed of for that Purpose.

It appeared likewise to the Committee, upon Perusal of the said Act of Parliament, That, agreeably to the Representation of the Commissioners in their Petition, several Inconvenienciesand Difficulties, and fuchascould not easily be got over, consistently with Justice, must necessarily arise in the Exercise of the Powers already vested in the Commissioners: And further, That, in order to carry on the Work intended by the said Act effectually

several other necessary Powers were wanting--Some

lostances of these Defects in the late Act the Committee have thought proper to lay before the House; which are as follows;

In the case of litigated Titles to Houses or Ground, judged necessary by the Commissioners to bepurchased, it appeared to the Committee, That the Direction in such Cases prescribed by the Act is. That, after Damage and Recompence shall have been assessed and awarded by the Verdict of a Jury and the Determination of the Commissioners had thereupon, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to pay the Money, so awarded for the Purchase of such Estate, into the Bank of ,or, at the Request

of the Person in Possession of the Premises, to place it out -in the Funds; there to remain until the Matters in Dispute between the Parties interested thonld be settled and adjusted, or the Title cleared, to the Satisfiiftion of the Commissioners: But no Provision is made in the said Act, that the Interest of the Purchase-money, so placed in the Funds, should, in the mean time, be applied to the Use of the Person in Possession of the Estate at the time of such Sale, in like manner as the Rents and mesne Profits of the Estate, during fuchDispute, would have been applied; whereby it appeared to the Committee, an Injury would be done to Persons in such Circumstances as diverted of an immediate Interest in an Estate, without any Equivalent substituted in itg stead.

So likewise in the same of Femes Covert, possessed of Estates in their own Right, and of Wives having Right of Dower, it appeared to the Committee, That the Execution of the Powers veiled by the late Act in the Commissioners might be attended" with very great Hardship as well as Injury; for the Act in general provides for the Sale of all Estates, and for the Payment of the Money; but there is no Restraint in such Cases by the said, Act upon the Husbandfrom retaining the Purchase-money, so paid, to his own Use; so that the Right of the one, or the other, may be defeated, at the Will of the Husband.

The Inconveniencies hitherto Hated arise from the Powers as now vested in the Commissioners; but the Committee likewise observe Inconveniencies, that may arise from the Want of some Powers that seem fit to be lodged in the Commissioners.

It appears, by the Clause in the late Act, which, to prevent the Retarding of the Publick Good, takes off the Disability that wouldotherwise lie uponFeoffees inTruft, and others, to sell and convey such Houses and Ground as the Commissioners should judge necessary for the carrying on their Work, that, in such Cases, on Refusal of the Parties concerned to promote the general Good, a Jury is to be appointed, in such manner as other Juries; who are to inquire of, and assess, such Damage and Recompence as they shall judge fit to be awarded to the Owners and Occupiers of such Houses and Ground so refuting to sell the same: And that, in consequenCe of such Assessment, upon Payment or Tender of the Sums so awarded, or, in case of Refusal, upon Payment thereof into the Bank of England, for the Use of the Parties interested, the Commissioners are impowered to pull down and dispose of such Houses and Ground for the Purposes of the Act: But the Committee observe. That after all the Steps regularly taken as prescribed in the Act, although the Commissioners themselves are quieted in the Possession of the Premises so converted and disposed of, yet may their Labour, in some measure,still be frustrated or hurt, at lead, as there is no Power any where Jpdged to compel the Owners or Occupiers of such Houses or Ground to convey the same to the Commissioners; By which Means, as the legal Estate is not by such Verdict veiled in them, the Commissioners are disabled from letting or disposing of such Houses or Ground as they shall be possessed of, over and above what is necessary, in the manner (intended by the Act) that they shall find moll advantageous.

The Committee likewise observe. That there is a great Defect in the Act, with regard to the Method of Proceeding in such Cases by the Jury, in order to the Assessment of Damages; there being no Power in the Commissioners to compel the Owners or Occupiers of such Houses or Ground to produce their Deeds and Writings til! after the Jury shall have set a Value upon the fame; which mull necessarily leave! the Judgment of the Jury, as to the Value of such Estates, subject to many Errors, for Want of proper Lights, and therefore should have been prior to the Assessment.

The Committee further observe. That it might be proper to extend the Manner of Conveyance by Bargain and Sale inrolled, to the Estates of Femes Covert, and to give it, in that Cafe, as in others prescribed by the

Act, the Force and Effect of a Fine and Recovery---

And likewise, that it would be of great Use and Convenience, after the Inrolment of such Bargain and Sale, to bar all Claims that should not be made within a limited Time.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners proceeded to Hate to the Committee the Surplus of the Monies already granted by Parliament, and the further Expences necessary for finishing the intended Works: For which Purpose,

Mr. Daniel Race, One of the Cashiers of the Bank of England, was called; Who produced to the Committee an Account of the Money received and disbursed by die

Bank, in pursuance of Orders from the Commissioners; by which it appeared, That £. s. d.

the Balance in the Hands of the Bank amounted to - -- -- - 64,206- 6 6

And Nathanael Blackerbi/ Esquire, Treasurer to the Commissioners, being examined, said. That the Balance, at this time, remaining in his Hands was - 4,623 it 4

Total Balance in Hand — — -----68,829 18 4

The said Mr. Blackerbyfurther acquainted the Committee, That there were Demands upon him, for Purchases; but which could not yet be paid for, the Convey- £. s. d ances not being perfected, amounting to ----- 6,541 — —

And the said Mr. Race likewise acquainted the Committee, That out of the Balance remaining in the Bank wag to be deducted, being the Money allowed by

Parliament to the Managers of the Lottery, and not yet paid,- the Sum of - . - 4,300 — . —

..... — 10,841----- It

13 Geo. IL 25 ° Januarii.431

It appeared further, by the Evidence of Sir Joseph Aybffe, Clerk to the said Commissioners. That there was a Contraft now subsisting, for the Superftrufture of the Bridge, amounting to^. 28,000: of which only £. 3,200 had been paid; so remained s.

to be paid, and which is appropriated by Parliament to that Use - - - 24,800 — —

It appeared likewise, by the Evidence of Mr. Label aye. Engineer to the said Commi(boners, That the Contracts now subsisting, and which have been laid before the House, for building Two Abutments and Two Half Piers, would amount to about 6,000 — —

And likewise, That another Contraft was now subsisting, and which has also been laid before the House, for Four other Piers, which would amount to about - - 12,000 — — "

He further acquainted the Committee, That there were Six other Piers to be built, which had not yet been contrafted for; but which he could not compute atlefs than £. 3,000 per Pier: In the Whole ----- -18,000 — —

And that the Expence of the Apparatus for theremaining Partof the Bridge, not contracted for; viz* Barges, Lighters, Engines, Sic.; he computed at about - - 7,000 — —

78,641-----

68,829 18 4

So that there appeared to the Committee to be a Deficiency upon the Articles above-mentioned of near £. 10,000, befnles the several other additional Expences not here enumerated, that mult necessarily arise, and be eonfiderably large, from the further Purchase of Houses and Ground, in order to make the Ways and Passages to and from the said Bridge in the commodious manner intended by Parliament.

Upon the Whole the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have made good the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Sum of Money is necessary to enable the Petitioners to finish the Bridge under their Care, and to perform the other Trulls reposed in them.

The Second Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to give further Powers to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Wcjt-minster to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry; and to enable them to raise a further Sum of Money, towards finishing the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trulls reposed in them: And that the Lord Sun-don, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Robert Hucks, Sir Charles Wager, the Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Plumptre, General Wade, Mr. Laroche, Colonel Bladen, and Mr. Brereton, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Naturaliia- An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing such foreign Protes-reT^Protes tants> an^ others therein mentioned, as are settled, or tarns sett°ed lLa.ll settle, in any of his Majesty’s Colonies in in America, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Press 2.' L. 7. To leave out the Words " or her :"

L 21. After the Word "Oaths," to insert the Words " or Affirmation:"

L. 22. To leave out the Word " Declara-: " ration," and to insert the Words " Declarations respectively:"

L. 26. After the Word Oaths," to insert Words " or Affirmation

L. 35. After the Word " Oaths," to insert the Words " or Affirmation

Press 3. L. 5. After the Word " Oaths," to insert the Words "or Affirmation:"

L. 6. To leave out the Word " Declaration:" and to insert the Words " Declarations respectively

L. 40. " After the Word " Declaration," to insert the Words " and, in case of a Quaker, of his having " made and subscribed the Declaration of Fidelity, " and of his having taken and affirmed the Effect of the Vot. 23.

Deficient - - 9,811 1 8

" Abjuration Oath, as aforesaid; and in the same of a " Person professing the Jewifi Religion, of his having " taken the Oath of Abjuration, as aforesaid."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for naturalizing such foreign Protestants, and others therein mentioned, as are settled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty’s Colonies in America.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for taking into Trade to Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to America.&c the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sub-

jests to America: and for the Encouragement of Seamen to enter into his Majesty’s Servipe; be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 8. L. 26, 47. To leave out the Words "his Majesty in his Privy Council," and, instead thereof, to insert the Words " the Commissioner.s appointed, or to " be appointed, under the Great Seal of Great Britain,

" for receiving, hearing, and determining. Appeals in " Causes of Prizes:"

L. 28. To leave out the Words " to his Majesty," and to insert the Words " such Commissioners:"

L. 36. To leave out the Words " by his Majesty:"

L. 38, 39. To leave out the Words " and so " as Execution be not suspended by reason of any such " Appeal:"

Press 9. L. 1. After the Word " notwithstanding," to insert the Proviso following; viz.

Proviso: " Provided always, That the Execution of " any Sentence so appealed from as aforesaid shall not " be suspended by reason of such Appeal, in case the " Party or Parties Appellant shall give sufficient Security, to be approved of by the Court in which such " Sentence shall be given, to restore the Ship, Vessel, f‘ Goods, or Effects, concerning which such Sentence " shall be pronounced, or the full Value thereof, to the " Appellant or Appellants in case the Sentence so appealed from shall be reversed."

The First of the said Amendments, being read a Secondtime, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Houfp.

The Second Amendment, being read a Second time was amended, by inserting the Word " to," before the Words " such Commissioners."

Then the said Amendment, so amended was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

by

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Tyburn

Lane Road,

432 250 — 280

The rest of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordships, with an Amendment to One of them: To which Amendment this House doth deiire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

The Order, of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Bejolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Other-Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of augmenting Six Regiments of Marines; and for raising One Independent Company of Invalids; and for making an Addition of Twenty Men to each of the Four Independent Companies of Invalids, raised in November 1739; for the Year 1740; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1740, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Comrait-tee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upontbis Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna:, 28° die yanuarii;

Anno 130 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1739. Prayers.

MR. Hampden reported from the Cortunittee to whom the Petition of several Persons, whose ' Names are thereunto subscribed, living near, and usually travelling through, a Lane, commonly called Tyburn Lane, leading from the great Oxford Road to the great Western Road, near Hyde Park in the Parish of

St.George, Hanover Square, in the County of was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in ht the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of file said Petition: And, in order to prove the Allegations thereof, the Petitioners called

Mr. John Carter: Who, being examined, said, That be knows the Lane, commonly called Tyburn Lane,\e*ding from the great Oxjord Road to the great Western 24

yanuarii. 1739.

Road, near Hyde Park Corner, mentioned in the said Petition; and that the same is an antient Road; but is become so ruinous and bad, that, in the Winter Season, it is almost impassable for Carts and Carriages; and that the same cannot, by the Laws now in being, be amended, and kept in any Sort of Repair, so that Coaches and Carriages may travel through the same with Safety: And he further said. That, in the Year 1732, the Parish of St. George, Hanover Square (wherein the said Lanelies) was indicted, by reufon of the Badness thereof; and that he has known Five Carts overturned of a Day: And he further said, There is a Turnpike at each End of the Lane; one whereof was erected by the Trustees for repairing Kevfinglon Road, and the other by the Trustees for repairing the Roads from St. Giles's Pound to Kilburn

Bridge; but neither Set of the Trustees repair any Part of the said Lane, although the Parishioners pay, in lieu of Statute-work for the said Parish, One hundred Pounds per Annum to the Trustees for repairing of the Kenfing-

ton Roads, and Seventy Pounds per Annum to the Trustees for repairing the Roadsfrom St. Giles’s Pound.

Benjamin Berioick, Surveyor of the Highways, belonging to the Parish of St.George, Hanover- Square, being called and examined, confirmed the Evidencegiven by John Carter :And said further. That the Parish is always in Debt, upon account of several extraordinary Sums of Money expended on their Roads.

Mr. Simon Parry, Vestry Clerk to the said Parish of St. George, Hanover Square,being called and examined,

said. That the said Lane is almost iinpafiable in the Winter Season, and very dangerous for Travellers, notwithstanding that the Parishioners, some Years have laid out One hundred and Fifty Pounds on that Lane; and that the Parish hath, for Twelve Years last past, paid to the Trustees for repairing Kensington Roads One hundred Pounds per Annum, and Seventy Pounds per Annum to the Trustees for repairing the Roads leading from St. Giles's Pound,in lieu of Statute-work; but neither Sett

of the Trustees have repaired any Part of the Lane.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington,

and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for repairing the Lane, commonly called Tyburn Lane, leading from the great Western Road, near Hyde Park Comer, to the great Oxford Road, in the Parish of St.George, Hanover

Square/ in the said County of; and for con-

firming the Composition now paid by the said Parish to ' the Trustees for repairing the Roads mentioned in the said Bill.

A Bill for making more effectual Three several Acts of Parliament, One of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and another of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George for repairing the Highways from Old Stra(ford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick; and the Third, made in the Tenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for making morp effectual the said Two former Acts,was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cartwright, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Digby, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Lord Sidney Beau-

clerk. Lord Tyrconnell, Mr. KThompfonf,lr.

Knight, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Mr. Hampden,

Mr. Balle, Sir Henry Northcote, Mr. Leheup, Dr. Butler, Mr. Arundell, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Lord

Baltimore, Wr. Vaughan, Mr. Bayntun Me. Sandys, Mr. Horfmonden Turner, Mr. Sir Walter Ba-

got, Mr. Smith, Mr. Banks, Mr. Blackett, Sir Roger Bradfhaigh, Mr. Harley, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Fran-

cis Child, Mr. Finch, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hucks, Dr Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Mr. Sir

Edmund

Old Stratford Read*.

13 Geo. II. 28° Januarii* 433

Edmund Bacon, Lord Noel Somerset, Sir Jof. Penning- seldom made use of by Carts, or Wheel Carriages* till

ton, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Careiv, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Foley, of late Years; but that, since the Improvement of the Mr. Grenville, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Lloyd, Harbour aforesaid, the Resort of Persons from other Sir Charles Mordaunt , and all the Members who serve Parts of the Country has been so great, and likewise for the Counties of Northampton, Bedford, Bucks, and such Increase of Carts and Wheel Carriages, as well as Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five loaden Horses, passing with Goods to and from Of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber* h, that the said Roads are become ruinous, and

altnoft impassable in Winter* and very dangerous for Chaplain. Mr. Comptroller repoi ted to the House, That their Passengers, and cannot be sufficienlly repaired, and Address of Thursday loft, that his Majesty would be kept amended, unless Provision be made by the Legis-graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church lature for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That upon the Reverend Mr. Richard Terrick, Cluj plain to Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for reviving and this House, had been presented. io his Majesty; and continuing the tttnporary Duties, granted by the said that his Majesty was pleased to say, That he will bestow former AMs, for a longer Term, and for making Pro-some Dignity in the Church upon the Chaplain of this vision for the Support and Preservation of the said Har-House, as desired. hour, for the future; and also for repairing, amending*

and keeping in Repair the Roads aforesaid, in such Man-Vazeilie’s, Nr.Horfmonden 7m r«er reported from the Committee, ner, and by such Means, as to the House shall feera

4c. Nat. to whom the Bill for naturalizing Antony Vazeille, and meet.

StephenSaintandre,was committed, That the Committee Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the Consideration of a Committee t And that they do exfame to be true; and that the Committee had directed miue the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amend* shall appear to them, to the House: nient: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. And it is referred to Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Yorke,

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted. Mr. Kinqfion, Mr. Thompson, Sir James Lowther, Lord

Charles Cavendish, Mr. Mr. Witkinfon, Mr.

Debtor* A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in Ouze Bridge Lord Sidney Mr. Slephenfon, Mr.

fcution. Gaol, in the City of York,was preTented to the House, Corbett, Mr. More, Mr. Archer, Mr.

and read; complaining of their Distress; And praying Mr. Stewart, Mr. Heron, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Hooper,

Relief. Mr. Pturner, Mr. Ashby, Mr. White, Sir James Grant,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. Sir Henry Liddell, Mr. Mr. Ltmguebille, Mr.

Trefufis. Colonel Onjloto, Mr. Digby, Mr. Lockwood;

Whitehaven A Petition of the Truficcs for the Harbour of White-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Harbour. haven,in the County of Cumberland, and of the Gentle- Cumberland, Westmorland, Lancaster, and for the Sea

men, Merchants, Masters, and Owners of Ships, and of Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Freeholders, Farmers, and Occupiers of Lands, the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have living in and near the said Town of Whitehaven, was Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, presented to the House, and read; felting forth. That

since the passing of an Act of Parliament, in the Tenth A Petition of the Most noble William Duke of Cleve- Duke of Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for enlarging the land and Southampton, only Son and Heir of Charles, late Cleveland’*, Term, for Payment of certain Duties, grunted in and by Earl of Southampton, and afterward Duke of Cleveland &c. Power an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of her said Majesty’s and Southampton, deceased, and of the Most noble y>raiseP r* Reign, fur preferring and enlarging the said Harbour Charlesi Duke of Grafton, Knight of the Most noble t,on*‘ of Whitehaven, the Petitioners have iaid out considerable Order of the Garter, only Son and Heir of Henry, late Sums of Money in enlarging, deepening, and cleansing Earl of ,afterwards Duke of Grafton, deceased; the said Harbour, and in erecting several ltrong and ex- and of the Right honourable George FitzRoy, conv pensive Works, for securing the Ships from the Violence monly called George Earl of Euston, eldelt Son and Heir of the Sea, to which they were before very much ex- Apparent of the said Petitioner Charles Duke -

posed; and that the Improvements made at the said ton; was presented to the HoUfe, and read; setting Harbour have been carried on with very good Success, forth, That his late Majesty, King Charles the Second, and to the considerable Increase of the Trade and Navi- being graeiously minded to make a suitable Provision for gation of the Place, and to the Advancement of his Ma- the Support of the said Charles Earl of

jesty’sRevenue: That the temporary Duties grauted and afterwards Duke of Cleveland, deceased* and of the said continued by the said Acts ceasing, about Two Years Henry Earl of Euston, afterwards Duke of Grafton, de-flnee, the Petitioners have found by Experience, that the ceased, and of George Earl of after-

perpetual Duties, payable fmee that time, have been wards Duke of Northumberland, deceased (his Thfge very insufficient to keep the said Harbour deep and natural Sons, by late Dnchefs of did,

clean, and the necessary Works in Repair; and that there by his Letters Patent, dated the 22d Day of October, is also a small Debt still remaining unpaid, which was in the Twenty-sixth Year of his Reign, grant unto the borrowed on the Credit of the Duties granted and con- said Charles, then Earl of Southampton, and the Heirs tinned, as aforesaid: That in case the said temporary Male of his Body, one yearly Pension of Three thousand Duties be continued fora further Term of Years, the Pounds, to be issuing out of the hereditary Revenues of Petitioners will not only he enabled to keep the said Har- the Excise, therein mentioned; and to the said Henry, hour in very good Repair, and to cleanle, and deepen then Earl of Euston, and to the Heirs Male of his Body, the same; but will also be able to improve the said Har- one other yearly Pension of Three thousand Pounds, hour, by making a convenient Place for Ships of a con- to be issuing out of the said Revenues; and unto the - siderable Burden, to have such Depth of Water as to fail said George, then Earl of and to the

and pursue their Voyages at Neap Tides, which they Heirs Male of his Body, one other like yearly Peu-cannot do at present; and the same will then also be a fion of Three thousand Pounds, to be also issuing out Harbour of Security, as well for Strangers Ships, as the of the said Revenues; in which said Letters Patent*

Ships belonging to the Town, to get in at Half Flood, upon the Death and Failure of IflTue Male of any of which will be for the Safety of the Navigation of those the said Sons, the respetstive yearly Pension, thereby Parts, where, for several Leagues to the North, as well granted to such Sop, so dying, and to his (flue Male* as to the South the Ships are iu bad Weather, very fob- whs thereby limited over in Moities to the Two reject to . drove on Shore, and are often loft for Want maining Sons* and to their Iflite Male respectively; of a Harbour to put into, except only at, or very near, and upon tl»e Death and Failure of Ilfoe Male of any high Water: That the high Roads leading to the said otherDf the said Sons, the said Three several Pension*

Town of Whitehaven are very narrow, having 'been ' were, by virtue of certain Limitations therein contained.

You 23. - 5 S in

T>»n e of Cleveland's, Ac. Frtwtir railc Por-

tJO.IS.

434 28° Januarii. A. 1739.

in nature of cross Remainders; so limited, that the to his Wife, for her Jointure, any Part of the said several Whole thereof was to devolve upon the remaining Sou, yearly Sums,vested by hi* Father in Trustees, for raising and the Heirs Male of his Rody: And that in the said Portions for younger Children, and in the said Duchess letters Patent there are certain Powers contained, to Dowager of , for her Jointure, until he, the

enable the said Charier Earl of Southampton, the said said Petitioner shall be intheactual Possession of the said Hnmi Earl of Euston, and the said George Earl of Nor- several yearly Sums: And that the Petitioner Charles thumberland, respectively; and also the respective Heirs Duke of Grafton is desirous to join with the Petitioner Male of their Bodies, after the Commencement in Pof- George Earl of Eufon, his eldelt Son and Heir Apparent, fession, and during the Continuance of their several and in making a proper Jointure on any Wife he the said respective Etlates andluterells in the Premises, by Writ- George Earl of Euston may hereafter, with the Consent ing, under their Hands and Seals, to settle any Part of of the Petitioner Charles Duke of ,be minded

the Premises so being in their Possession, not exceeding to marry, and in limiting any competent Part of the one Third Part thereof, on any Wife or Wives, fora said several yearly Pensions, to which the Petitioner Jointure; and also, in like manner, to assign any other Charles Duke of Grafton is entitled, not exceeding Part of the Premises, so being in his or their Possession, One-third Part thereof, unto any such Wife, for her not exceeding one other Third Part of the Whole, for Jointure: And that if the Petitioners William Duke of any Number of Years, not exceeding One-and-twenty Cleveland, and Charles Duke of and their Male

Years, for theraifingPortions for Daughtersandyounger Descendants, had Power to appoint One-third Part of Sous: And that the said Charles Earl of Southampton, the said yearly Pensions, to which they are, or may, by afterwards Duke of Cleveland and Southampton, who in- virtue of the said Letters Patent, be entitled, in Pof-termarried with Anne, now Duchess Dowager of Cleve- session for the Term of 21 Years, or any less Term, to land> by whom he had HFue the Petitioner William Duke commence at any time, during the Life of the Person so of Cleveland and Southampton, and Three Daughters; appointing the fame, or from the Time of his Decease, and die said Henri) Earl of Eu/lon,afterwards Duke of for raising Portions for Daughters, and younger Sons,

Grafton,who intermarried with the Lady Isabella Ben- the same would be very useful to the Petitioners, and

nett. Daughter to the Earl of Arlington, who survived all their Posterity: And the Petitioner Charles Duke her saidHnlband, and is since deceased, by whom he had of Grafton would, in particular, be thereby enabled to Issue the Petitioner QharlesDuke of Grafton,his only remedy all the Inconveniencies which may arise from

Child, and the said George Earl and Duke of Northum-the said Defects iu his Marriage Settlement: And that berland, who intermarried with Mary Dutton, who fur- the Petitioners are confenling, that the Petitioner vived him, and is since deceased, and by whom he had Ham Duke of Cleveland may be enabled to limit One-no Issue; foverally executed their Powers of appointing third Part, as well of the said several yearly Sums, by Jointures; and the said Charles Duke of Cleveland, de- his Father limited to the Duchess Dowager of Cleveland, ceased, by a certain Indenture in Writing, dated the 22d for her Jointure, as of the said several other yearly Sums Day of July 1724, executed his Power of appointing by him limited toTrustees, in the said Indenture, of the Portions for Daughters, and younger Sons: And that the 2 2d of July 1724, named, for raising Portions for his Petitioner Charles Duke of Grafton, previous to his younger Children, together with One-third Part of the Intermarriage with the Lady Henrietta Somerfef, since several Sums, whereof the said Petitioner is now seised deceased, by whom he has Issue, now living, only the in Possession, unto his said Wife, for her Jointure; but Petitioner George Earl of Euston, the Lord Augustus that the said several Purposes cannot be obtained other-Filz Roy, and Two Daughters, the Lady Caroline Fitz wife than by the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And

Roy, and the Lady Isabella Fitz Roy, being seised in Pof- therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in session of £.2,000, Part of the said yearly Pension of a Bill to explain and enlarge the said several Powers .£.3,000, did, by Indenture, limit and appoint One-third contained in the said Letters Patent, by enabling the Part of what he was so entitled unto in Possession, to the Petitioners William Duke of Cleveland, and Charles said Henrietta, for her Jointure, and one other Third Duke of Grafton, and their Male Descendants claiming Part of so much of the said yearly Pension as he was en- under the said Letters Patent, out of the said yearly Pen-titled unto in Possession, unto Trustees, in the said In- fions thereby limited to them respectively, to appoint denture named, for the Ttirmof One-and-twenty Years, One-third Part thereof, in manner in the Petition men-to commence from and immediately after his Decease, tioned, for the raising Portions for Daughteis, and for raising Portious for the Daughters and younger Sons younger Sons, and for impowering the said Pet itioners of the said Marriage: And that the Petitioners are ad- to make such Jointures respectively, as in the Petition vised, that, in the manner in which the said Clause to are also mentioned; and for the other Purposes therein enable the said several Persons to raise Portions for before expressed.

younger Children is penned, the said Petitioners, and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the their Heirs Male, have no Power thereby to limit any House, That his Majesty, having been acquainted with Part of the said yearly Pension, for raising Portions for the Contents of the said Petition, had commanded him Daughters, and younger Sous, otherwise than for aTerm to acquaint the House, That his Majesty gives his C011-of 21. Years, or some other less Term, to commence in sent to the bringing iu such a Bill as is desired by the Possession; and if such Term is appointed to commence Petitioners.

at a Day to come, or by way of future Interest, although Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill' pnr-

to take efle& at the Inliant of the Death of the Person suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

appointing the fame,or atany future Day, even during ArundeMr. Mr. Wilmington, and Mr. Pel-

such Person’s Life, such Term will not be pursuant to ham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

the Power in the said Letters Patent contained: Anti,

that the Petitioner Charles Duke of Grqfton is therefore Sir Charles Wager, from the Commissioners for exer Na*y Debf.

apprehensive, that the said Term of 2i Years, by his Mar- cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of

riage Settlement limited for raising Portions for his tain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Daughters, and younger Sons, will be absolutely void: an Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it

And that the Petitioner William Duke of Cleveland, flood on the 31st of December 1739: And also,

having intermarried with the Lady Henrietta Finch, is An Account of the Number of Seamen employed in seamen

desirous, out of the said yearly Sums, which he is enti- the Service of the Royal Navy, from 3 ill 1738 employed-

tied unto, in Possession, and in lieversion, to make a to 3 ifl 1739, uP°o a Medium of each Month;

competent Provision for her, iu case die should happen distinguishing what Number were borne, and what muf-

to outlive him; but that he is advised, that, from the tered, in the said Service.

ftri& Terms in which the said Power to enable the And the Titles of the said Efiimate and Account were Grantees of the said yearly Pensions, and their Defcend- read.

ants, to make Jointures, is conceived, he cannot limit The said Estimate and Account are as follow; viz

17- - Navy

13 Geo. II.

28° Jam

435

Navy Office,) An ESTIMATE of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter* 12th January 1739.,) mentioned, as it Hood on the 31st December 1739.

HEADS of the NAVAL ESTIMATES.

Wear and Tear, ordinary and extraordinary Repairs.

Due, to pay of Tand discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, SCc. supplied for the Service thereof To pay off and discharge Bills registered on the said Conrfe, for Premiums, allowed by Act of Parliament, on Naval Stores 1 the whole Sum registered in the Year 1739, amounted to £.10,851. u\ od.; whereof remains unpaid - For Freight of Tenders, and for Stores delivered into his Majesty’s several Yards, fife, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1739; as also, to several Bills of Exchange - -

To his Majesty.’s Yards, and Rope-yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary thereof -

For Half-pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his late Majesty in Council on that behalf -

Seamen’s Wages.

Due, t.0 pay off the Men, fife, unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off To Ships in Sea Pay on theabovesaid 31st December 1739 To discharge and pay off all the Bills, entered in Course for Pilotage, Surgeons Necessaries, Bounties to Widows and Orphans of Men flain at Sea,#Sfc. on the Head of Seamen’s Wages

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners;

Due for short Allowance to the Companies of his Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off - For paying off all the Bills, entered on their Course For necessary Money, extra-uecessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies -To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports -

Sick and Hurt, the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for the Quarters and Cure of sick and hurt Seamen, sent affiore from his Majesty’s Fleet, and Contingencies relating to the said Service -

The Total amounts to the Sum of One Million One hundred Fifty-six thousand Nine hundred and Ninety-four Pounds'Fourteen Shillings and Two Pence Halfpenny -

From whence, deducting the Money in the Trea-1 C

surer’s Hands - - - - , - - f As on the)

And also the Money that remained to come in of f other Side j the Supplies of the Year r V. -j (.

The net Debt will be then Eight hundred Twenty-four thousand Six hundred and Eighty-four Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Six Pence - — »i«» — -

Particulars.

£. d.

169.235 9 10

5.541 10 2

3.5,810-----

128,373-----

11,527 18 3

>8,975 5 6i 581,999-----

>>>345 -

TOTAL.

S. d.

>7»74> >3 — 152,541 — 5

2»>44 5 7 9,777 >3 >0

I-

29,548 5 6} 302,761 13 2

}350,487 18 3

611,319 5 6i

182,204 12 TO

11,982 17 7

>, I56,994 >4 2J

332,309 18 8*

824,684 15 6

R. Haddock, Ja. Ackworlh, Thomas Pearfe, G, Purvis, J. Fatoler,

John Phillipson, Geo. Crowle.

Vol. 43.

/ f

Memorandum .*

4»

y)

Q\

D

cq;

i — h

n'

CD

Q_

CT

(D

o

o

°£-

FT

Memorandum: THERE was remaining in the late ancTprefenf Treasurers of the Navy's Hands, on the jifl December 1739, in Money, as under-mentioned; and may be reckoned

towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy:

In what TREASURER’S Hands.

Right honourable Pa tee Lord Vifcoont j Torrington - - ... - - 1

Right honourable Arthur OnJUm Esquire -

N. B. There remained, on the 31st December last, to come of the Supplies of the Year

£ ? 3.02,761. 13. 2.

3

I In MONEY. t On tfce Heads of T 0 T A i.

i Wear and Tear, and Ordinary. Seamen^ Wages. Yidoals.

£ * d. £. s. rf. £. s. d. £. r, d.

In Money ----- 1,467 6 8 4,076 8 ii| £ 5>634 — 6J

D® towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - - 73 *3 5 - )

In Money - -~ 9>344 7 H 9,167 16 4 4,041 12 3]

D* towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - - - 7,360 8 n - 1 23»9J4 5 — 4

'; & IO,8ll 14 2\ 14,678 7 7I 4>°58 3 8f 29>548 5 6*

00


r\£

13 Geo. II. 28" Januarii. 437

Navy-Office, I Am ACCOUNT of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from nth January 1730.1 tho December 1738 to the $\ft December 1739* upon aMedium of each Month; dif-

tinguishing what Number were borne, and what muttered, in the said Service; prepared pursuant to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 8th Instant.

Number of Men.

MONTHS. Borne. Muttered.

January- - - 1738 15,404 14,784

February - i5>475 14,823

March - 1739 15.582 14,708

April - - - - 15.936 14.957

May - - - 16,070 14,664

June - - - 21,087 19,186

July --- - 26,291 *3.939

August - 27,906 25.347

September , 30,206 27,59°

06lober - 3L7l6 28,785

November 33.431 29,435

December - 34»i52 29»983

283,256 258,201

Upon a Medium - - - 23,604 21,516

Richard Haddock, Ja. Ack Thomas

G. Purvis, J, Fowler, John Phillipson,

G. CrowleTho. Mathews.

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Supply. Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That {it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-three thousand Four hundred and Twenty-nine Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for railing and maintaining Two thousand and Forty Men, Officers included, to be added to the Six Regiments of Marines, for the Year 1740.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Four hundred and Fifty Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Six-pence, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining one Company of Invalids, to be forthwith raised, and for making an Addition of Twenty Men to each of the Four Companies of Invalids, raised in 1739; in all to

One hundred and Eighty-one Men; for the Service of the Year 1740.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Three hundred Forty-seven Pounds Six Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1740.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Colony of A Petition of the Trufiees, for establishing the Colony Georgia. Qf Georgia in America, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to their Consideration.

Then the Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, by the Affiltance granted in the last Session of Parliament, have been enabled, not only to defray the extraordinary Charge which attended the Military Defence of the Colony during the continual Danger and Alarms of a Span if h invasion, and before the

Vol. 23.

Arrival of the Regiment which his Majesty most graciously sent over for the Preservation of that Province; but also to assist those industrious Inhabitants, who have been taken off from their Labour to prepare for the common Safety, or deprived of their Crops by the late general Drought in that Part of North America; and to defray the necessary Expences of Georgia, to Lady-day next, with a Surplus towards the further settling and improving the said Colony: That though the Inhabitants are now protested, and thereby can, with Safety, go on with Cultivation, for raising their own Provision, yet the Petitioners find it requifiteto assist those who are industrious, towards obtaining the other Necessaries of Life, until, by their producing Materials for the Manufactures of Great Britain, they shall receive the Benefits arising by those Produces the Petitioners encourage them to raise, which are now bought from Foreigners with ready Money: That the said Surplus, towards the further settling and improving the Colony from Lady-day next, will not besufficient to defray the Expence of the Support of a civil Magistracy, continuing the Friendship of the Indians, encouraging the raising Produces, and other Charges, for the ensuing Year: That the Petitioners are enabled, by credible and sufficient Witnesses, atpresent in London, tomakeappear to the House, the Convenience

and Capacioufness of the Harbours and Ports in Georgia, the Safety of Navigation along the Coast, the Goodness and Value of the Silk already produced there, and the well-grounded Expectations of raising other beneficial Produces, as soon as the House shall please to take into Consideration the Utility of this Province to the Trade and Navigation of Great Britain, as well as the Security which it. gives to the other Provinces upon the Continent of America: And therefore praying the House to take the PremifesintoConsideration, and grant the Petitioners such Aififtance as the House lha.ll think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, fheu'inghow the Money, granted in the last Session of Parliament for the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America, has been applied by them, for the further settling and improving the said Colony.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

4^8

a 9°^-J 1 ° Januarii.

r.1739.

Mart is, 290 die

Anno 13* Georgii II41 Regis, 1739’.

Prayers.

stokow A PET ITfON of the Trustees, whose Names are church /"V thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execu-

Ruadf0" t,on an Parliament, passed in the Fifth Year of

° ’ the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for

repairing the Road from the Top of to Enjlow Bridge, and the Road leading Uom'JVheatly Bridge, through the City of Oxoji, by Bcgbfooke, to A cre WoodJlock, in the County of Oxon (except the Mile-way on each Side of the said City), and of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and other Persons, living in, near, and usually travelling through, the said Roads; and also the Road leading from an House, commonly called the Crown Ale Iloiife, to the Turnpike erected on Stoken Church Hill;was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by the said Act, several Tolls were granted, and made payable, for the Term therein mentioned, for amending the said Roads; and that the Petitioners the Trustees, finding the said Roads, at the Commencement of the said Act, in a very bad Condition, were obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money, in order to make the same passable; which Money, so borrowed, together with the 'Foils collected, have been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Act; and the Money, so borrowed, hath been since paid; but that the Term granted by the said Act, being very near expiring, the said Roads will soon become in a ruinous Condition, unless the Term and Powers, by the said former Act granted, be enlarged, and Part of the Tolls, thereby made payable, be continued, in order to keep the same in Repair: And that the said Road, leading from the said Croton Ale House to the said Turnpike, now erected on Stoken Church Hill (Half a Mile, or 'thereabouts, in Length, and joining to the Road directed to be repaired by the said former Art) is, by reason of many heavy Carriages passing through the fame, become so bad, in the Winter Season, that it cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws now in being (for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom) be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, utdefs some other Provision be made for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Perm and Powers by the said Act granted; and that the same Act may be so explained and amended, that the Repairs of the said Roads,thereby directed to be amended, may be completed, and the last mentioned Road effectually repaired, in such manner as the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Herbert, Lord

Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. , Mr. Mr.

grave, Mr. IVigley, Mr. Mr. Knight, Mr.

Pmoney, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Gore, Mr. Stapylton, Mr. Trefoils, Mr. C Mr. Mr.

Harley, Mr.-Crawley, Mr. V Sir Charles Mr. LevefonGower, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Wodehouse;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Bucks, Worcester, and Gloucester: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Debtor* A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt, in the Custody Petition. Gf the Marllial of the of his Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, and now confined in the Prison of the said Bench, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Dilirefs: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

rVonv of The House being informed. That Mr. Vereljl, Ac-Georgia. comptant to the Trustees for establilliing the Colony of Georgia in America, attended at the Door j

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Hbufe, pursuant to their Order,.' an Account, ihewhig how the Money granted in the lafi Session of Parliament, for the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America, has been applied by them for the further settling and improv ing the said Colony.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title Of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing Antony VazeiUe Vaseille* and Stephen Saintandre,was read the Third time. kc' Kat-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Antony and Stephen

Saintandre.

Ordered, That Mr. Horsemonden Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Limiting House do go with the Mace into and officers to

the Courts there, and into the Court of Requests, and the Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to e‘ attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly: And, being returned;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers to fit in the House of Commons;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller for he Yea., . } *oG.

Tellers for the Noes, j SpZ'f f .22-

So it passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Prohibition ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of Commerc* House, upon the Bill for prohibiting Commerce with with Spain. Spain.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

yovisy 310 die Januarii;

Anno 13* Georgii IIdi Regis, j 739.

Prayers.

f\R DE RE D, That the Thanks of this House be Dr. Whnlley given to the Reverend Dr. Whallo), for the Sermon thanked, by him preached before this House Yeflerdav, at Saint Margaret's, Westminster; and that he be delired to print the fame: And that Mr. Edward F and Mr. Thomas Pelham J unior, do acquaint him therewith.

The House being informed, that Submission had been pr;vi|e<w> made, and Satisfaction had been given, to Thomas Med-lycott Esquire, a Member of this House, in relation to the Breach of Privilege, complained of the nth Day of December lafi;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from Proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

A Petition of Arthur Gregory Esquire, Lord of the Stivichall Manor of Stivichall, in the County of the City of Co- in cloture. venlry, and of the several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, beingOwners and Proprietors of Lands and Tythes, lying in the Common Fields of, and belonging to, the Parish of Stivichall aforesaitl, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are several Common Fields in the Parish of Stivichall ao aforesaid.

ft

Land Tax and House DutyArrears

Staines

Bridge.

13 Geo. II. ji*

aforesaid, wherein the respective Properties of the Petitioners, and other Land Owners, lie dispersed in several Parcels, and thereby are rendered of lei's Value to the respective Proprietors, and, in their present Situation and Circumstances, are incapable of Improvement; and that therefore the Petitioners aredefirous the said Common Fields may be inclosed and divided by Commissioners in that behalf to be appointed; and that the Shares and Allotments, resulting from such Inclosure and Division, may be laid and disposed ascommodiously as possible for the Petitioners, and others, the aforesaid Owners of Land; and may be held fn Severalty, for such Estates and Interests as they now respectively have in the Lands and Tythes of the said Common Fields; but that the said Inclosure and Division cannot be effectually established, to answer the Intention of the Parties interested in the fame, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given for bringing a Bill into the House for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Mr.

by, Lord Guernfy, Lord Gage, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Danvers, Mr. Longuev ille, Mr. Carew, Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. Blagrave, Mr. Mr. Keene, Colonel Onjloio, Mr. Tucker, Sir Geo. Champion, Mr. Satidy s, Mr. Hampden, Mr. i-Ww-y, Colonel Mordaunt, Mr. Holden, Mr. Brazen, Mr. Vere, Mr. Mr.

Lockxvnod, Mr. Trefujis, Mr. Harley, Mr. Mr.

Fox, Mr. Earle, Sir Miles Mr. Drummond,

Sir Henry Northcote, Mr. Compton, Mr. Gyltbon, Mr.

Wilkinson, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Mr. HorJ’monden

Turner-, and all the Members wiiofervefor the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Leicester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, that some of the Commissioners of Taxes attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order;

An Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were (landing out at Christmaslaft, with the Names of the respective Receivers, in whose Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year; and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof: And also,

An Account of what Arrears of Duties on houses were Handing out at Christmas last, with the Names of the respective Receivers, in whose Handsthe said Arrears remained ;distinguishing each Year; and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, and others, Inhabitants residing in those Parts of the Counties of Surrey and Middlesex,respectively, which adjoin or lie near to Staines Bridge, in the said Counties, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act of Parliament, made in the First Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, the Chancellor of England, for the Time being, or the Keeper of the King’s Great Seal, and their Successors (according to the old Ul'age therein mentioned to have prevailed, Timeout of mind), were authorized to depute and assign Two, Three, or Four Persons of the Town and Parish of Staines,to take and receive the Toll

and Custom used, for Time immemorial, to be paid, as well for Carts and Horses laden with Merchandise, and other Stuff, carried over, and upon, the Bridge of the said Town, as of Barges coming underneath the said Vol. 23.

Janttarii. 439

Bridge, and td employ the same for repairing the said Bridge; and also a Causeway, extending from the said Town to the Town of Egham,in the County of Surrey, and to render a yearly Account thereof to the said Chancellor or Keeper, for the Time being, or before such Persons as he should depute and assign: And that by another Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, the Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seal of England for the Time being, was authorized to depute and assign Four Men, whereof Two to be of the Town or Parish of Staines, and the other Two of the Town or Parish of Egham, to receive and apply the said ancient Tolls and Customs for Purposes aforementioned: And that from the Accounts dated and audited, in pursuance of the said several Acts of Parliament, it appears, that the clear Produce of the said Tolls and Duties, applicable to the Repairs of the said Bridge and Causeway (after Dedu6iion of the ordinary Taxes and Assessments, and the Charges of colic sting the fame) do not amount, communibus to above

Forty-five Pounds a Year; which has never been sufficient to maintain and support the said Bridge and Causeway in good Order and Repair: And that as the said Bridge hath frequently been so much out of Repair, as that the Passage over the same has been hazardous or unsafe, the Bridge Mailers, or Persons so appointed by the Great Seal, have, during the Time of repairing the fame, erected, let up, and provided, Ferry Boats, for the Conveyance of Persons, Cattle, Coaches, and other Carriages, cross the River, between Staines and Egham, aforesaid; and have, by the Rates paid for the Passage in such Ferry, raised considerable Sums of Money: which, as they allege, have been, from time to time, issued and applied for the Repair and Support of the said Bridge and Causeway; and which, though very expensive to Passengers, have been so far necessary, as that, without them the said Bridge and Causeway could not have been kept up and supported: And that the said Bridge being now greatly out of Repair, it is apprehended, from the weak Condition thereof, and from the present Rigour of the Season, and the violent Effect that may naturally beex-pefted from any sudden Alteration of the Weather, that the said Bridge may be either thrown down and dc-molished, or become so ruinous as to want building a-new; And that unless the said Causeway, extending from Staines Bridge to the Town of Egham, which is now in a bad Condition, and in great Danger of being broke through by the Thames, be duly kept up and supported, a great Tract of Land, lying in the Counly of S’«r7ej/,will be liable to be overflowed and loft, or greatly damaged; the Course and Navigation of the River Thames may be thereby obstructed and diverted, and the Road from Staines to Egham aforesaid, being Part of the great Western Road, rendered impaflabie: And as the said ancient Tolls and Duties, so payable at Staines Bridge aforesaid, are not a sufficient Fund to maintain the said Bridge and Causeway, which are of so much Benefit and Importance to great Numbers of his Majesty’s Subjects: therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant l'uch Provision for the effectual Support of the said Bridge and Causeway, as to the House shall feern meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Scawen, Colonel Onfozo, Mr. Pullenet), Sir Francis Child, Mr. Popham, Sir Henry Northcote, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Powys, Mr. Poivuey, Mr. Trcby, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Arfcott, Mr. Fox, Mr. Fane, Mr. Plumer, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Denis, Mr. Earle, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Carczo, Mr. Fere, Mr. Southwell, Mr.

Mr. Hooper, Mr. Trefujis, Sir Walter Bagott, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Hucks, Sir John St. Aubin, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Myddelton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surry, Middlesex. Berks, Southampton,

Wilts,

44° J i Januarii.A. 1739.

’Wilts, Dor/cf, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

Woollen A Bill toexplainand amend an Act, passed in the Firfi Manufacture. Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the Abuses and Frauds of Persons employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron, Manufactures of this Kingdon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Hitngerford, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Mr.

Earle, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Mr. Plumer, Captain Martyn, Mr. Glanvil/e, Sir. Fere, Sir Robert Broion,

Sir Abraham Elton, Colouel Onjlozo, Sir Geo. Champion, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Trcfufis, Mr. Blagrave. Lord Augufus Fi/z Roy, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Fox, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Dimmer, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Keene, Lord Polwarth, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Longueville, Sir Geo.

Mr. Powney, Sir John Riijhouf, Lord Gage, Sir Miles Slapylton, Mr. Bathurf, Mr. Crowle, Mr. llay, Mr. Bold, Sir Wm. Courtenay, Mr. Danvers; and all the Members

wl\o serve for the Counties of He-

reford, Somerset, LancajhiYork, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Cdlchester A Petition of the Commissioners for cleansing and Channel making navigable the Channel,! from the Hitlie, in the Navigation. goroug|1 Gf Colchefer, in the County of Essex, to

hoe,in the same County, and of the principal Inhabitants and Traders of the said Borough, on behalf of them-felvesand the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Borough and Towns adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by an Act, passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years ®f the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for cleansing and making navigable the Channel, from the Hithe in

fer, to IFivenhoe (which Act was made to continue for Twenty-one Years, from the ift Day of 1698, certain Duties were laid on Goods, Wares, and Merehan-difes, and divers Powers given, for the Purpose of cleansing and making the said Channel navigable; and that, the Duties falling short, and no ways answering the End ‘ of the said Act, by another Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, a further Term of Twenty-one Years, with a Charge only of Half the Duties, was added, to commence from the Expiration of the said first-mentioned Act; and that, by virtue of the Powers in the said Acts, a large substantial Lock was made, in a commodious Place in the said Channel; which is found by Experience, to be of very great Use to the said Navigation, and necessary to be continued; but that, the additional Term of One-and twenty Years will expire the 1 ft Day of May next; and, without some Provision made for the Maintenance and Support of the said Lock, and keeping the said Channel clean, after the said Act expires, the Navigation will be entirely ruined and loft: And therefore praying. That the House will take this Affair into Consideration, and make such further Provision for the Support of the said Lock and Navigation, for the future, as the House fba.il think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con'ideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Captain Martin, Mr.

ford, Sir AbrahamEUon, Sir. Wilk inf on, Mr. Powney, Mr. Kinafon, Mr. Blagrave, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Dimmer, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Mr. Danvers, Mr. Le-

heup, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Turner, Mr. Hales, Mr. Thompson, Mr, Gore, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Earle, Mr. Brifow, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Bevan, Colonel Pulteney, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Sel-wyn, Mr. Plumer, Lord Augufus Fitz Roy, Mr. Keene,

Sir John Turner, Sir Jof.Pennington, Mr.

Lindefay, Colonel Onfow, Mr. Bade, Mr. Fere, Mr.

Burrell, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. $ and all the Members who serve for the Counties-of Fffex, dlesex, and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road between Hockliffe, Hockliffe,in the County of Bedford, and Strat- 3rc. Road*.

ford, in the County of Buckingham, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 1. L. 4 and 5. To leave out the Words "called " Watling-street Road, being reputed :"

Press ,5. L. 25. To leave out the Words " Citizen or " Citizens"

L. 28. To leave out the Word "City."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.'

Resolved, That the Bill do paf’s: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Road between Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That the Lord Sidnei/Beauclerk do carry thd Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon this Call of the Day Three Weeks the 21st Day of February next. House.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, befent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to con- Privilege fider how far the Privilege of this House ought to he of Member* allowed to such Members of this House as shall be absent in foreign Parts, during the Sitting of Parliament; ar and to report their Opinion therein to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Lord Baltimore,

Mr. Taylor, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Harley, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Winnington, Lord Chelzcynd, Mr. Southwell, Lord John Saclcvilie, Lord Glenorchy, Mr. Careio, Lord Sidney

Beauclerk, Lord Gage, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Clarke, Lord Polwarth, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr,

Lyttelton, Mr. Robert Harley, Sir John Turner, Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Mr. Powney, Mr. Blagrave, Mr.

Mr. Plumer, Mr. Hungeiford, Mr, Sir.Thompson, Colonel Cholmondeley, Sir Abraham Mr.

Mr. Kinafon, Mr. Archer, Sir Henry Gough, Mr. Ashby,

Sir, Hampden, SirRobert Long, Sir

Aubyn, Sir.Hooper: And all that come are to haveVoices.

Sir Miles Slapylton reported from the Committee, to nun whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation. Navigation of the River Dun, in the County of York, under their Common Seal, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, in order to prove the Allegations thereof.

The Petitioners produced Three Acts of Parliament,

One passed in the 12th, and another in the 13th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the Third in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second; by which last mentioned Act the said Company were impowered to make the said River Dun navigable, in such manner as by the said Act is expressed.

And then the Petitioners called,

Sir. Joseph Steers, who wasTreasurer to the said Company for several Years: And he, being examined, said,

XlKtt

13 GeO. II. 310 Januarii — 10 Februariu 441

That the Proprietors of the Navigation have 150 Shares at £. 165 each Share, which amount to the Sum of £.24,750: And that Sum hath been expended in making good the Navigation from Roto Wilfick be-

fideTwo Years Income; which he computed to amount to £.900per Annum. And that the Navigation is so good, that Four Men can do as much Work in the River as Six in the Itiver Eyre and Colder: And he furthersaid, That the Income of the Navigation was let to Mr.

.RroadJiead, Mr. Crips, and Mr. for the Term of

14 Years; and, for the first Seven Years of that Term, they paid after the Rate of £.1,200 per Annum, and for the remaining Seven Years £.1,500 per Annum: And all farther Sums advanced by the Company were, for the first Seven Years, to be at the Rate of Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum, and, for the remaining Seven Years, to be after the Rate of Six Pounds and One Quarter per Cent, per Annum: And he also said, That there are Three Bridges erected over the Dutch River, or Nero River, which are to be maintained and repaired at the Expence of the Company, during the said Term of 14 Years; and that the Company have expended, within these last Two Years, on the Bridges£.700 and upwards: And he being alked. Whether he knew what Books of Accounts are kept by the said Lessees ? He laid, he did not know what Books were kept by them: And he further said, That he apprehends, the Lell'ees have the same Powers assigned over to them that the original Proprietors had: And being asked, Whether he knows, that there has been any more charged for Carriage of Goods than there was before the Income of the Navigation was let ? he said. He did not know there was, or ever heard of any Complaint of Goods being charged more for Carriage than when the Navigation was in the Company’s Hands: He laid. That there were Books kept by the Company before the Income of the Navigation was lett; but were kept very incorrectly; and that, he believes, was one Reason of letting a Lease of the fame; but that most of the Books belonging to the Company are now in the Hands of Mr. Radford of Sheffield.

And the said Mr. Steers, being further examined as to the Shallows in the River, said. That, last January, he, with several others, viewed the River between Wilfick House and Fishlock Ferry :wherein they found several

Shallows, which make the Navigation very imperfect; and that on a Shallow on Ba Boat stuck fast, though at that time there was a Frelh in the River; aftd a Boatman then present said, That that Boat would continue there till a bigger Frelh or a Spring Tide came; and that he has had a Boat ltick on the Shallows Four, Five, or Six Days, to the great Discouragement ' and Hindrance of Trade, and Loss of Time, in carrying of Goods up and down the River: And the said Mr. Steers further said. That the Sheffield Factors, when stinted in Time, are obliged to carry their Goods, at a yery great Expence, by Land Carriage, and put them on board below Slainforth Shallow: and that, if they miss the Opportunity of Ships going off from Hull to foreign Parts, they not only lose the Year’s Trade, but is a great Detriment and Disappointment to the Merchants abroad: And he further added, That the Vessel which stuck on the Shallows, last January, was about 20 Ton; but did not know what Draught of Water the Vessel drew; but Boats which generally ply on that River draw from Two Feet Four Inches to Three Feet Two or Three Inches Water; and that Vessels, in dry Seasons, con-fiantly (tick on the Shallows; and, at that time, there is not above Eight or Nine Inches Water: He further* said, That Vessels of 40 Tons do sometimes happen to come from Fishlock to Stainforth, in the Height of strong Tides; but that it is uCiial for Vessels of 40Ton to lall constantly from below Fishlock to Hull in Spring Tides. The said Mr. Steers, being alked, What Quantity of Tons have been carried on the River in One Year? he said, He could not tell; but said. That the Duty thereof amounted to about £.900 per Annum; and that the Navigation never exceeded that Sum while Ihe same was in the said Proprietors Hands.

Vo u23.

And the said Mr. Steers further said, That Goods are carried from Sheffield to Tinjley by Land, which is about Two Miles and upwards; and, in the Winter Season, that Road is almost impalpable; and that the same cannot, by the Laws uow in being for repairing of Highways, be amended, and kept in any sort of Repair; and, if the same was amended, it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the said Town of Sheffield, and enable the Traders to carry their Goods at a much less Expence at all Times of the Year.

Mr. Richard Ellison, being called and examined, confirmed all the Evidence given by Mr. Steers, as to the Navigation and the Badness of the Roads from Sheffield to Tinjley: And further said. That* many Matters of Vessels throw their Ballad into the River; which, if it could be prevented, would be of great Service to the said Navigation, and keep the River open and clear: And the said Mr. Ellison said. That the Sum,

of Three thousand Seven hundred and Fifty Pounds would repair and complete the new-intended Navigation, pay the Expence of making One Lock; the Cut whereof would be about Two Miles long, and above Eight Feet deep; and also complete the Building of Three Bridges over the said Cut and River: And he further added. That, everfince the River was leased, the same Duty has been taken by the Lessees, as by the Company of the Proprietors of the Navigation.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual improving the Navigation of the River Dun, from a Place called Wilfick House, in the Parish of Barnby Dun, in the County of York, to Fishlock Ferry, in the same County: And that Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Wilkinson, and Mr. Thompson of York,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Offices and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Employment*, the Bill to indemnify Persons who have qmitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Prohibition whole House, upon the Bill for prohibiting Commerce of Commarc* with Spain. " with Spain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone, through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1 enerts, 1* die Feb;

Anno 13° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary at War acquainted the House, That General and he had received his Majesty’s Commands to lay StafflOflScer* before this House, Estimate of the Charge of General and Staff Officers for the Year 1740.

And Mr. Secretary at War presented the said Estimate accordingly.

And he also presented to the House, pursuant to Ad- Half-pay dresses of the House to his Majesty, a List of the reduced Lift.

Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forcesand Marines entitled to receive Half Pay in Great Britain; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1740: To which is

5 U added

Nunkeeling,

See.

Inclosure.

Crant of Ground for, rebuilding Werington Church.

442

1 Februarii. 1739.

added, their Ages, Dates of their First Commissions, and the Time they were put upon Half Pay, and the Occasion thereof.

And the Titles of the said Intimate and Lift were read.

The said Estimate is as follows; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, for the Year 1740.

total.

a rf.

General and Staff Officers - 22,880 19 2

4 Whitehall,ift February 1739-40.

Yonge.

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Lift of reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1740, is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Lord or Lords of the Manor of holm, otherwise Bezoham, in the Par iffi of in

the County of York, and of the Freeholders, and other

Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having Lands and Right of Common in and on the Common Fields and Commonable Land of and in the said Lordship of Bewholniy otherwise Bewhan, was prefen ted to the House, and read; fettingforth. That the said Common Fields and Commonable Land contain together One thousand Forty-two Acres, or thereabouts; and that, if they were divided and inclosed, the same would be very useful and convenient for the carrying on of Huffiandry, and keeping of a Stock of Cattle; and other Improvements might be made thereby, which would be very beneficial to the Parties concerned.; and that therefore the Petitioners aredefirous to divide and inclose the said Common Fields and Commonable Land, and that the Proprietors Share and Proportion thereof shall be made and allotted accordingly; but that notwithstanding such Division and Inclosure will tend to the Publick Good, as well as to the mutual Advantage of all Persons concerned therein, yet the same cannot be made effec tual, to answer the good Intentions of the Parties concerned, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields and Commonable Lands aforesaid, according to each Per-fou’s Rig'ht in the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Wilkinson, Mr.

Mr. Yurke, Mr. Maijler, Mr. Carew, Mr.

Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Treby, Mr. , Sir Wm.

Irby, Mr. Digby, Mr. Gore, Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Kent, Mr. Hay, Mr. Fere, Mr. Jewkes, Sir

MylesStapylton, Klv.Olmius, Colonel Onjloio,

Mr. Earle, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Cartwright, Lord Pol-war th, Mr. Maule, Mr. Bladen, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Sll-phenjbn, Mr. Blagrave, Mr.; and all the

Members who lerve for the Counties of York and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir William Morice Baronet was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That in and by a Deed of Settlement, Quadrupartite, bearing Date the 27th Day of April 1717, in pursuance of Marriage Articles therein recited, and otherConfiderations therein mentioned, the capital Messuage of Werington, in the County of Devon, was, amongst other Lands, granted and conveyed by Sir Nicolas Morice Baronet, fincede-ceased (the Petitioner’s late Father), untoTrustees therein named, and their Heirs, to the Use of the said Sir Nico-

’5

las Morice, for Life, without Impeachment of Waste;

Remainder to the said Trustees, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Sir Nicolas Morice, to preserve contingent Uses and Estates; Remainder to the Use of the Petitioner, who was then the eldest Son and Heir Apparent of the said Sir Nicolas Morice, for Life, without Impeachment of Waste; Remainder to the said Trustees, and their Heirs, during the Life of the Petitioner, to preserve contingent Uses and Estates; Remainder to his First and other Sons in Tail Male; with Remainders over: And representing to the House, That the Parish Church of Werington, in the County of Devon (near which is the Petitioner’s Family Seat) is in so decayed and ruinous Condition, that, in a little time, it is likely to become wholly unfit for Use, and dangerous to resort to, at the Celebration of Divine Service; and that the Petitioner being desirous,at his own Expence, to rebuild the said Parish Church, in a larger, more commodious, and beautiful manner, and in a more convenient Situation than the former, to that end has marked out and allotted a certain Piece of Ground in a certain Field called the Quarry Park, Parcel of the said capital Messuage of Werington; and being desirous, That as well the saidChurch, when built, as the said Piece of Ground, so marked out, may be freed and discharged of and from the several Uses and Estates in and by the said Deed of Settlement limited and declared concerning the same, hath, for that Purpose, agreed with the Right honourable John Lord Hobart, Patron of the said Parish Church, as likewise with the Incumbent and Inhabitants of the said Parish, tO/Veft the said Church, when built, and the said Piece of Ground, in the said Incumbent and his Succefl'ors, Ministers of the said Parish, and in the Pariffiioners thereof: And that the Petitioner hath, no Issue, and all Parties interested under the said Deed of Settlement are consenting the reunto; but that no such Conveyance and Sale can be made without the Authority of an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying,

That a Bill may be brought in for vesting in the said Incumbent, and his Successors, and in the Pariffiioners of the said Parish, the said Piece of Ground, Part of the said capital Messuage of Werington.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confidenation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Carew, Sir Wm. Carew, Mr.

Vernon, Sir Wm. Irby, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Treby, Mr.

Southwell, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Edward Walpole,

Mr. Blagrave, Mr. Gore, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Wilkinson,

Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Powney, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Wat kin Wms. Wynn, Lord Sundon, Mr. Herbe of Oxford, Mr.

Yorke, Mr. Earle, Mr. Watts, Sir James Grant, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Compton, Mr. Lindefay, Mr. Vere,

Mr. Keene, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Gage, Mr.

Rowney, Mr Danvers, Mr. IIanbury Williams, Mr. Far,

Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Digby, Sir Mi Sir

Kay-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the ColIegiate Westminstev Church of St. Peter Westminster, being offered to be Abbey, presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having Been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to their Consideration.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth. That the said Collegiate Church came into the Hands of the first Dean and Chapter unfiniffied, and, by Length of Time, and Badness of Materials, became so ruinous, that, in the 8th and 9th of William the Third (in regard to its being of antient and Royal Foundation), an annualSum, for a certainTerm of Years, was granted by Parliament, towards repairing the fame, under the

Direction

Removal of Grierson s Disabilities byAtuiuder.

r



i Geo. II. i0 Februariu

Direction of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Chief Justice of the King’s Bench, and the Dean of minster, who were appointed Commissioners for that Purpose: That, by an Act, passed in the Ninth of Queen Anne, the Sum of Four thousand Pounds per Annum, for a certain Term of Years, was granted to the said Commissioners, towards repairing and finithing the Collegiate Church of Saint.Peter, Weflmi and the Chapels of

the fame; and, in order to the finithing of it, as directed by Parliament, Sir Christopher Wren, the then Surveyor, formed a Design of erecting a Spire on the middle Tower, a Model of which he then prepared, and a Draught of which, with the rest of the intended Building, has been laid before the House: That, by Acts, passed in the Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Tenth, Eleventh, and Twelfth, of his present Majesty King George the Second, the several Sums of Four thousand Pounds of each Year have been issued and applied towards carrying on the said Work; and that a considerable Progress has been made therein, and an Account, how the Money has been expended, has been annually laid before the House; and that, pursuant to a Power, granted the last Session of Parliament, to enable the said Dean and Chapter to purchase Two prebendal Houses, in lieu of Two to be taken down in St. Margaret's Church-yard; a convenient Purchase has been made, and Two Houses are now fitting up, and in good Forwardness, to answer the Purpose aforesaid; and likewise a considerable Progress has been made in repairing and carrying up the South-weft Tower, according to the Draught laid before the House; and that the Monies already granted being near expended, the said Works will soon be at a Stand: And therefore praying for a continuance of the Favours already conferred on the said Collegiate Church, as well by the present as by former Parliaments.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of William Geldeft Son of Sir Hubert Grierson of Lag, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner was unhappily seduced, in the Year 1715, to join in the RebellioU at that time raised in Scotland, and, being taken Prisoner at Prejion, was afterwards tried in London, where he was one of the first that pleaded guilty, and threw himself upon his late Majesty’s Mercy; and, being attainted, was, by the great Clemency and innate Goodness of his present Majesty, then Regent of the Kingdom, reprieved, and afterwards discharged and released from the Pains of Death and Imprisonment upon his late Majesty’s Act of Grace; and that, after the Petitioner was rescued from the just Pains of Law, by the Clemency and Mercy of his present and late Majesty, he endeavoured upon all Occasions to atone for his past Offence by a peaceable and dutiful Behaviour; and that his late Majesty was pleased to grant him his most gra-ciovs Pardon,bearing Date the 19th in the 12th

Year of his Reign; and that the Petitioner has been lately advised, That, without an Act of Parliament, notwithstanding his Majesty’s most gracious Pardon, he does Hill lie under many Incapacities and Disabilities occasioned by reason of the said Attainder; and particularly, that he cannot sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, or take, transmit, or inherit, any real or personal Estate, which, since the Date of the said Pardon, have descended, of otherwise come, or would have descended, or otherwise come, to him: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for removing the Disabilities and Incapacities occasioned by the said Attainder, or to grant him such other Relief, as to the House ilia.ll seem meet.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That the same of the Petitioner having been humbly represented to his Majesty, his Majesty gives his Consent, That the House may do therein as they flia.ll think fit.

Voi«, 23.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Rill to enable William Grierson, eldest Son of Sir Grierson,

of Lag, Baronet, to sue or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may have descended or otherwise come to him since his late Majesty’s most gracious Pardon, dated the 49th Day of June, in the Twelfth Year of his.Reign, orthatlhall hereafter de* fcend or otherwise come to him: And that Mr. Lindefay and Mr. Maule, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Clergy, Gen«- Medway tlemen. Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants, N"vlgatlon of the Counties of Kent and Sussex whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act passed in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, reciting, that making the River Medway, and all Rivers, Streams, and Water* courses falling the reinto, in the Counties of Kent and Sussex, navigable, had been found, upon View, to be feasible, and would be of great Use, for the better and more easy and speedy Portage of Iron Ordnance, Balls,

Timber, and other Materials, in Places adjacent, made, forged, and provided, for his Majesty’s Service, at all Times, and moreespecially at such Times and Seasons. in the Year, as the same could not otherwise be brought out of those Parts, and would be advantageous to the Inhabitants, and all others concerned, as well for Carriage of the Commodities aforesaid, as of Wood, Com, and Grain, Hay, Hops, Wool, Leather, and all other Provisions growing and accruing from thence, as also of Coals, Lime, Stone-wares, and all other Necessaries and Commodities to be carried thither, whereby Commerce and Trade would be much increased, and the publick Weal advanced; it was therefore enacted, That it should be lawful for certain Persons therein named, to make the said River and Streams running the reunto navigable, in such manner as by the said Act is appointed; and Commissioners were also therein appointed, with Power to determine proper Satisfaction to all Persons, Bodies politick or corporate, for any Damage to be by them sustained, by cutting, digging, or otherwise damnifying their Lands and Tenements, in making the said River and Streams navigable, with a Power for appointing new Commissioners, in the stead of those dying or refilling to act; but that although the making the said River and Streams navigable would have been not only of great Use to the Publick, but also very beneficial to Trade and Navigation, and a great Improvement of the Estates of the Inhabitants of the said Counties of Kent and Sussex,through which the said River and

Streams run; yet, for Want of Money to carry on so great an Undertaking, the said Act was not carried into Execution; and the several Persons authorized thereby to make the said River and Streams navigable, and the several Commissioners therein named, being all lince dead, without any proper Successors appointed in their stead, in manner as by the said Act is directed, the Petitioners apprehend the Powers in the said Act cannot now be otherwise enforced than by the Aid of this House; and that the making the said River and Streams navigable, at this time, would be of as much, if not greater Utility to the Publick, as well as to Trade in general, than it w ould have been at the time of passing the said Act, by reason that the Timber growing in the Weald of Kent and Sussex, through which the said River and Streams run, of which there are now very great Quantities, is allowed to be the best in this Kingdom for the Use of his Majesty’s Navy; but, by reason of the Badness of the Roads in those Parts, the same cannot be conveyed to any Market,but at a monstrous Expence; insomuch that Timber contracted for sometimes lies Two, sometimes Three, Years, before it can be removed' from the Places where the same is felled; all which could, with great Ease, and at a moderate Expence, be conveyed to his Majesty’s Dock Yards of Chatham, -

1

444

Februarii.

4- i ?39*

ford, Woolwich, and other Places, if the said River and Streams were made navigable; and that the exceflivp Price of Land Carriage, for Timber and Wood, hath induced many Persons to grub their Woods, and convert the same into Tillage; and that, if this or some other Conveyance for Wood and Timber to a proper Market be not found out, the Woods in those Parts will be daily more and more neglected, or destroyed, whereby one of the bed Nurseries of Timber, for the Royal Navy, in this Kingdom, is likely, in Process of Time, to be totally loft: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to revive, explain, and amend, an Act, made in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for making the River of Medway navigable in the Counties of Kent and Sit flex; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief and Assistance in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

O/rfera/jThat the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. , Sir Charles Wager,

Mr. Horfmonden Turner, Mr. , Lord Vere Beau-

clerk, Sir James Grant, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Gregory, Sir. Compton, Lord Middlesex, Lord JohnSack-ville. Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. , Mr. Clarke, Mr.

Danvers, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Mr. , Mr.

Powys, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Longueville, Mr.

Jon, Mr. Hay, Sir Henry Gough, Captain Gough, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Crowte, Mr. Jewkes, Mr. Mr,

Ashley, Colonel Campbell, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. worth, Mr. Douglass, Mr. Pearfe, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Colonel Onslow, Lord Mr. Kinaston, Mr.

Keene, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Ashby, Captain Martin, Sir John Kay, Lord Baltimore, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Grey, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Kent-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Sujflex, Surry, City of London, Cinque Ports; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this. Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

BcUefworih’s A Petition of Thomas Bilfon Esquire, heretoforecalled

Nam«. Thomas Bettesworth, was presented to the House, and

read; setting forth. That Leonard Bilfon, late of West Mapledurham, in the Parish of Buriton, in the County of ' Southampton, Esquire, deceased, did, by hisLaft Will and Testament, bearing Date the Second Day of August 1712, devise his Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, therein described, to his Mother Susanna Bilfon, for the Term of her natural Life; and, from and after her decease, to the Petitioner, and the Heirs Male of his Body, upon Condition that the Petitioner, and the Heirs of his Body, should change their Names from Bettesworth to Bilfon, and so continue to be called, and written, as their only Surnames, for ever; and that the said Susanna Bilfon being lately dead, the Petitioner became entitled to, and has taken Possession of, the said Manors and Estates, by virtue of the said Will; and, in Compliance with the Conditions therein contained, hath ever lince taken upon himself, and used, the Surname of Bilfon; and is desirous that that Surname may be confirmed on him, and his Heirs Male, by Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying the House will give Leave, That a Bill be brought in for confirming and establishing the said Surname of Bilfon on the Petitioner, and his Heirs Male, in pursuance of the Will of thefatd Leonard Bilfon, deceased.

Ordered, That I cave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hay and Mr; Jewkes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Dun Sir Miles Stapyllonpresented to the House, according

navigation, to Order, a Bill for the more effectual improving the

Navigation of the River Dun,from a Place called Wilfck

House, in the Parish of Barnby Dun, in the County of York, to FishlockFerry, in the same County; And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Patiffi KenfiugioD, of Kenfngton,whose Names are thereunto subscribed, itc. Road*, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth.

That the Lane, called Church Lane, in the said Parish, about Half a Mile in Length, is a publick Highway, and greatly frequented, being the high Road which leads from the great Western Road into the Oxford Road, through which many Coaches and heavy Carriages frequently pass, whereby the same is become very ruiuous: And therefore, and in regard a Bill is now depending before the House, for enlarging the Term and Powers, grauted by an Act for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kenfngton, and

ham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex,praying. That Provision may be made

in the said Bill for repairing the Lane aforesaid; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Robert Hucks, Mr. Kinafon,

Mr Pulteney, Mr. Earle, Mr. Walker, Mr

Mr. Hooper, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Mr.

Hay, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Watts, Mr. Longueville, Mr.

Fane, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Balle, Mr. Laroche,

Mr. Hampden, Mr. Winne, Mr Gildart, Mr. Olmius, Mr.

Houblon, Mr. White, Sir Robert Monroe, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Stert, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr.

Brereton, Lord Polwarth, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Mr. Ba/hurf, Mr. Clayton, Mr.

Sir John Healhcote, Dr. Butler, Sir John Rufiouf, Mr.

Tucker, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Lindefay; and all the Members who serve for the County of- Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Holden presented to the House, according to Naturalized Order, a Bill to prevent the Inconveniencies which may Persons arise from naturalizing Persons who shall not continue to reside within his Majesty’s Dominions after their Kingdom. Naturalization: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House offices and

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Employments, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by L^w, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Richard Plumer took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Richard Plumer reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ho ford and Mr.

Bennet:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by Trade to this House to one of their Lordships Amendments to the America, &<. Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing and

13 Geo. II. i°- — 4°

445

Lord

Craven'a

Will.

and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Britfh Safe* j efts to America; and for the Encouragement of Sea-

men to entet into his Majesty’sService; and also,

The Ix>rds have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining several Powers contained in the Will of William ate Lord Craven, for making Jointures and Leases, J and for rendering the same Powers more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended; To which the Isol ds delire the Concurrenoe of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

he was directed by the Committee to move. Tint they may have Leave to fit again.

Re/blved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Comptroller of his Majesty’s Navy do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surveyor of his Majesty’s Navy do then attend the said Committee.

Dltto* An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for explaining several Powers contained in the Will of William late Lord Craven, for making Jointures and Leases, and for rendering the same Powers moreefleftual for llie Purposes thereby intended; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to an i earn. ref0|ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Rejoined, That this House will, upon Monday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That the ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy for the Year 1740, be now referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the State of the yearly Revenue, and "Expence of Greenwich Hospital, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Royal African Company of England, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Establiftunent of the Royal AfrU can Company of Englandfor their federal Forts and Settlements on the.Coast of Africa, with the Charges thereof for the Year 1739: distinguishing how much of the same is on Account of Trade, and how much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Settlements; and also, all Account how the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament, towards the Malrtte-nance of the said Forts and Settlements, hath been disposed of; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charges of the Royal African Company of England, for the Maintenance of the several British Forts and Settlements belonging to the said Company, on the Coast of for the Year 1746,be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account Ihewing how the Money granted last Session of Parliament, towards repairing and fmhhing the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, Westminster, and to enable the Dean and Chapter of the said Collegiate Church to purchase Two prebeadal Houses, in lieu of Two to be taken down, for facilitating the Repairs and the Finishing of the said Church, hath been disposed of, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account Ihewing how the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament, for the'i'rullees for establ illiing the Colony of Georgia in America, has been applied by them, for the further settling and improving the said Colony, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pfeafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That

Vox.. 23.

Ordered, That Mr. liny have Leave to make aMotion it being hear Four of the Clock.

And he moved accordingly: And presented to the House a Petition of IsaacOLien Which was read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring In a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Hay, and Mr. Fere do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

v /

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lundy 40 die Februurii;

Anno 13* Georgii Ildi Regis, 1739.

Paayxxs.

MR. Thompson of York presented to the House,

according to Order, a Bill for making a Chapel, lately built by Robert Downes, GoMsmith, in the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, a perpetual Cure and BeneAce; and for making a Provision for the Mftihte-nance of the Curate or Minister of the said Chapel, puf-suant tb an Agreement for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Dlgby reported from the Committee tb whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for

repairing the Road 1 eadingfrom jJnnchurch, in the County of Warwick, to the Bottom of Meriden Hill, in the same Chunty, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Race; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and is as fojlbWs;

The Committee have, purfoant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition: And, to pirCVe the Allegations of that Petition,

The Agents for’ the Petitioners produced, and laid before the Committee', the above-mentioned A ft bf Parliament, and fotne Parti thereof Were read; by which it appeared, That several Tofts and Drtties were grunted for repairing tpe said Road; and that the feme were thereby made payabte for and during the Term of zi Years, from the 2^th Day of July

It appeared to the Committee, That, in order to make the said Road paflfable, the Trnftees appointed to pftt the said Act in Execution borrowed the Sum of Three Thousand Pourids, upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted; and that Sum, together with the Tolls collected, had been duly laid oat and applied according tb the Directions of the said Act; and that One thotifaiid Pounds, Part of the said Three thousand Pounds, has been paid off, but there’ now remain's a Debt; whjclr carries Five per Cent, per Annum, of £. 2000 upt>n the Credit of the Act, and Two Years I liter eft for the (time.

Then the Agents for the Petitioners called Wituefics to prove the prefect Condition of the Road: And

k

Oiler*

Nats

Sheffield

ChapeU

DuQchurch

Road*


446 4* — "5* Februarii.

Mr. Edward Inge, being examined, said. That he travelled the Road in August last, and then found the fame, in many Places, in a very ruinous Condition, particularly between the End of Dunchu Town, and a

House called the Dun Coto Inn, in that Town.

And it appeared to the Committee, That the last-nfehtioned Part of the Road (being about 150 Yards in Length) the Trustees for putting the former Act in Execution had never ordered to be amended, by reason they had feme Doubts among themselves, whether they were impowered by that Act to direct the same to be repaired.

Mr. Caleb Copfon was called; and, being examined, said, That he travelled the Road in December last, and confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Inge, as far as it related to the Badness of the Road: And Mr. Copfon added to his Evidence, That the further End of the Towq of I Meriden was in a very ruinous Condition.

And he being alked, What Part of the Road he took to be the Bottom of Meriden Hill? he said. That there is a Water runs at the Bottom of the Hill, and runs as far as a House called the Red Lyon Inn in; which

House he always apprehended, and believes, to be at the Bottom of Meriden Hill.

That an Account was laid before the Committee of the yearly Produce of the Tolls, and also of the Expences annually; whereby it appeared that the Income was, oue Year with another, about 500l.;

and that the necessany Expences annually was 100l. or thereabouts; and the Interest of the before-mentioned Debt was 100 I. per Annum more: So it appeared to the Committee, That the Overplus of the Money arising by the Tolls, would not be sufficient to amend and keep the Road (which is about Twelve computed Miles in Length) in good Repair, and pay off the Debt aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for enlarging the Term and Powers, granted and given by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from in the County of Wanoick, to the Bottom of Meriden Hill, in the same County; and for making the said Act more effectual: And that Mr. Digby, Sir Charles Mordaunt, the Lord Guernsey, and Sir Walter Wagfiaff Bagott, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Andovtr Mr. Carezu presented to the Hou fe, according to Order,

lodofure. a jy,|j for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement, and an Award, lor dividing and inclosing of a Common Down, and for dividing, inclosing, and exchanging of Lands lying in the Common Fields, in the Tything of Charlton, in, the Pariili of Andover, in the County of Southampton.\And-the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Office* and Mr. Richard Plumer, according to Order, reported Employments. from Committee. of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report iu his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iagrossed.

J inhibition Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill *'*"Sf*»* for prohibiting Commerce with Spain, was committed, the Amendment* which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the and he read the Report iu his Place; and after-


4.1739-

wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be. ingrossed.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Sapply. the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table -. Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards the Sup-rt of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better aintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out, and become decrepit, in the Serviceof their Country.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Four Thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, towards the repairing and finishing the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, W Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to be applied towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements belonging to the Royal African Company of England, on the Coast of Africa.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second -time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Order of the Daybeing read, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Mean»* to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Surplufes Hated at Lady-day 3-7.39,; be referred to the said Committee.::

Ordered, That the Surplufes dated at Michaelmas 1739J ? be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

- Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed' him to report, when the House will pleateto receive the: fame. ' " 1

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to movey That they may i have Leave so fit again'. V

Resolved, That lids House will', upon this Day.Seven- night, resolve itself Into a Committee of the whole House,: to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the;

Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then' the House adjourned till Tomorrow;.

Morning, Nine of the Clock.' - , 1

Mart is, 50 'dieFebruarii;

Anno 13* Georgi Ildi Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Thomas Privilege.

Esquire,ra Member of this House, had received; Satisfaction in relation to the Breach of Privilege, complained of the 22<1 Day of January last;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

Mr.

Duke of Cleveland’s, Power to appoint Portions, &c»

Lord

Craven’s

Will.

Prohibition ©fC ommerce with Spain.

Dun

Navigation.


Registering of Seamen, kc.

Ways and Meant.,

13 Geo. II. 5 — ~6° Februar447

Air. Arundell presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to explain and enlarge the several Powers, for appointing Portions, and settling Jointures, which are contained in certain Letters Patent, bearing Date the 2 2d Day of October, in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, whereby certain yearly Pensions, bluing out of the hereditary Revenue of the Excite, do now (land limited to William Duke of Cleveland, and Charles Duke of , and the Heirs

Male of their Bodies reflectively: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for explaining several Powers contained in the Will of William jate Lord Craven, for making Jointures and Lenfcs, and for reudering the same Powers more effectual for the I’urposes thereby intended, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Ilynd Colton, Mr. Compton, Sir Mordaunl, Mr.

Gore, Sir James Dashumd, Sir James Grant, Mr. gerford, I-ord Gage, Mr. Kinaston, Mr. Mr.

Scuwen, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Blackett, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Archer, Mr. IHl-

kinfon, Sir Edmund J/ham, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr.

Ijjitgucviile, Mr. Infer, Sir Miles Slapylton, Mr. LeveJ'on Gower, Sit Jermyn Davers, Mr. Dawkins, Mr.

Mr. Rowney, Mr. Trefufs, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Houblon

Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Packer, Mr. Fenwick, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Berks, Warwick, Salop, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for prohibiting Commerce with was read the Third time.

Resolved,. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

he, An Act for prohibiting Commerce with Spain.

Ordered, That Mr. Walpole do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dclire their Concurrence.

... A Bill for the more effectual improving,the Navigation of the River Dun, from a Place called Wiljlck House, in the Parish of BaryihuDim.in the County of York, to'

I'ljklooji ^Ferry fuithe Fame County^ jwas reatj i Second

lime..,:' . — " '

1 , i %» <; 1 .

' -O- . ..... . 1.

R<foiled, That tlje Bill be committed to Sir' Miles Sfamdtoa, Mr. Thompjonof I qrk-, Mr. Ctotcle; Mr.

Wilkinson, Mr. $andys. Sir JofiPennington, Mr. Lin de-

say, Mr. Jetokes', Mr.jPlumpIre, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Plumer, S\rCharles Mordaint, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Sea wen, Mr. Watts, Loud Guernsey, Sir Henry Liddell, Mr. Ijongueville, Mr. Rcpincy, Sir Robert Monroe, Mr.

Corbett, Sir, Cornewall, Mr.' G Air. Hungerford,

A1 r. Robert Hacks, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Ofialdefton, Mr. Hilton, 'Mr. Henri/ ‘Finch, Mr. Leheup, Air.

Air. Archer, Mr. White, Alt'- Mr. Alderman

Hmathcote, Sir John.Hsalhcoic, Mr. 1 fucks, Mr.

Dr. If e,. Sir llenri/ lloghlon, Mr. Air.

Air. Laroche, Sir m lleathcote. Sir Mr.

Clayton, Captai u AIart in, Al r. Henry A rcher, A1 r. Digby, Colored Jilordaunt,-, and all the Alembers who serve for the Counties of Fork, Lincoln, Nottingham, Derby, Lan. caster, and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, atFive of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Charles Wager presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for registering all Seamen, Watermen, Fishermen, Lightermen, Keelmen, Bargemen, and Seafaring Men, capable of Service at Sea, throughout his Majesty’s Dominions: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be printed.

Air. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Yoi.. 23.

the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to conGder further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth: viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of One Alillion, out , of such Monies as have arisen, or shall or may arise, of the Surplufes, Exc&ffes, or Overplus-monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund.

The said Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill he brought in upon the said Re-. solution: And that Mr. Francis Fane, Mr. Winnington,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Air. , the Lord Sundon, Mr. Earle, Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

Solicitor General, Mr. Scrope, and Mr. Fox, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this Repair* of House, An Account of what Money has been applied to »h, P»* the Repairs of his Majesty’s Ships in Ordinary, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-nine.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this Mooring House, An Account of what Aloney has been applied on Chauu.

account of Mooring Chains, or Buoy Ropes, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-nine.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, Admiralty ofywhat Money has been imprefied to the Deputy Secre- iJJipreft

tary, or to the chief Cleric of the Admiralty, for Seven oney* Years laftpaft, with his. particular Accounts of the Dif-position thereof, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before, this Hoiiie, Nary C«n-of what Money has been impreiied for Contingencies of t,nS*nc,es* the N avy O ffi ce, the Treasury Office, and £he4V ictuall ing.

Office, for Seven Years last past ;. with the particular Accounts of the Pifpoljtion thereof; UiftinguilhingeachYear

- Ordered; Thatan Account be laid before this Hoofe,’ Navy Pay-

of what Payments'the Treasurers of the Navy have made' ents by for Seven Years last past, by Extra Orders- from the orrreafury" Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of the Exchequer; '

Ordered, That‘an Recount be laid befyne this House, New-« reded of what Orders)have Tb.ecn made for,qeiv-erected Em- Naval employments,between Chrifmas One thousand Seven hun- p qred and Tiyenty-seven, and Chris ne thousand Seven hundred $n’d. Thirty nine, and for multiplying Officers, or increasing of Salaries, or other Allowances relating to the Navy; with the Reasons for granting the said Orders., /'

Ordered, ThatarvAccount be laid before this House,- Charge of of the ordinary Charge of Management; for victualling ^nagrioent his Majesty’s Navyt for the Space of One Year; with tteNavy.1"* the nfualRates aixk Allowances granted by his Majesty t® the Commissioners for victualling h« Navy, their Glerksi'and1 Officers employed under them; for the Years 1727,: 1718, ^729; and 1739.

» ‘ . *. i t: i 1 )» .' , . .:

' ' And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow 1 -vli Morning, Nine of the Clock.

fi‘ft :00* 1-- — ' — ----- .

-r Mermriiy b* die F;

Anno 13* Georgii JIdi Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

MR. Carew reported from the Committee to whom Gr?«tof

’ the Petition of Sir William Baronet, was Ground f t

referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter rebuildinfr Of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; hnd he

read

JBettesworth'*

Name.

St rat-&rd JRoatif,

448 6* Februariu A- 173a

read the Report ip his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof.

The Agent for the Petitioner laifl before the Committee a Settlement, bearing Date the a?th Day of April 1717; which Settlement was made in pursuance of Articles entered into on the Marriage of Sir Nicolas Morice Baronet, since deceased, with the Daughter of Thomas late Earl of Pembroke; by which Settlement it appeared,

that the Capital Messuage of in the County of

Devon, was, amongst other Lands, granted and conveyed, by the said Sir Nicolas Morice, unto Trustees, therein named, and their Heirs, to the Use of Sir Nicolas Morice, for Life, without Impeachment of Waste; Remainder to the said Trustees, and their Heirs, during the Life of Sir Nicolas, to preserve contingent Uses and Estates; Remainder to the Use of the Petitioner (who was then eldest Son, and Heir Apparent, of Sir for Life, without Impeachment of Wttfte; Remainder to the said Trustees, and their Heirs, during the Life of the Petitioner, to preserve contingent Uses and Estates; Remainder to his first and other Sons in Tail Male, with Remainders over.

Then Mr. Hugh Gregor Was called: And being examined, said, That the Parish Church of near1

the Family Seat of the Petitioner, is in so decayed and ruinous Condition, that in a little time it is likely to become wlwlly unfit 'fest Use, and dangerous to resort to at the Celebration of Divine Service: And that the Petitioner was willing, and cheftrons,' at his own Expence, to rebuild the fame, in al larger, more commodious, and beautiful manner, and in a more convenient Situation than the former, and, to that end, had marked out and allotted a Piece of Ground, in a certain Field called the Quarry Park, Parcel of his capital Messuage of Werington-, and that the Petitioner was desirous, that as well the said Church when built, as that Piece of Ground so marked out, might be freed and discharged of and from the several Uses and Estates, in and by the Deed of Settlement limited and declared of and concerning the same: And Mr Gregoralfo said, That the Petitioner hath,fop that Purpose, agreed with the Patron of the Parish Church, and with the Incumbent and Inhabitants of the Parish, to veil the Church, lyhen built, and the Piece of Ground, in the Ihcumbeni and his Stfcfcessors, Ministers of the fetid Parish, and in the Pariftlioners' thereof.

And it appeared to the Committee, By the Evidence of Mr. Gregor, That the Petitioner bath no Jffue; and that

all the Parties interested in, the Piece of Ground before-mentiorled,under the Deed of Settlement, are consenting that an Act of‘Parliament may pafsfor enabling the Pe‘ titioner to grant the same Piece of Ground to the Incumbent of the said Pariflt Chutob, and hus Successors, and the Parishioners of that Pariftr*

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring m. a Bill to enable Sir William Morice Baronet to grant to the Incumbent of the Parish Church of Werington, in the County of Devon, and his SueCessors.and the Parishioners of the said Parish, a Piece of Ground belonging to the capital Messuage of Werington, in the said County: And that Mr. Carew, Mr. Trtfujis, Sr John St. Aitbyn, and Sir John Molefioqrth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hay presented to the House, accordmgto Order, a Bill to enable Thomas Bettejioorth Esquire, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Bilfon, pursuant to the Will of Leonard Bilfon Esquire, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Cartwright reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for making more effectual Three several A6Ls of Parliament, one of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and another of the

Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the Highways from Old in the County of Northampton, to in the County of Warwick, and the Third made in the Tenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, Lor making more effectual the said Two former Acts, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House'; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question federally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ml*. Lindefuy presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable William the eldest Son

of Sir Robert Grierson, o fLag, Baronet, to sue or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Difubility in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personalEstate, that may have defeended or otherwise come to him, since his late Msyelly’s most gracious Pardon, dated the 29th Day of June,in the Twelfth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, or

that shall hereafter defeend or otherwise come to him: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Lincoln, in the room of the honourable Sir Thomas Saunderfon, Knight of the Bath, now Earl of Scarborough, called up to the House of Peers.

‘The House was moved. That the 47th Chapter of the Statute of Westminster the Second, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of King Edicard the First, tnight be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring In a Bill for the better Preservation of the Salmon and Trout Fillieries within this Kingdom ,^nd that Mr. fluvgerford, Mr. Bade, Mr. Secretary at War, the Lord , Mr.

Edgchmbe, the Lord Gage, Mr. Mr. Hume

Campbell, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, and Mr. Unde-Jay, do prepare, and bring in, the Tame. ’

A Motion-was made, and the Qtteftion being proposed. That an Account be laid before this House, of vydiat Ships have been contracted for to be built in Merchants Yards, or bought by the CQmrniflioners of the Navy, for his Majesty’s Service, since Christmas 1739, and by what An- thority; distinguishing the Prices of each Ship, and'what has been or is proposed to be laid out upon any of them, to fit them for the Service for which they are intended;

An Amendment was proposed t,a be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word "fince," and infCrting the Words " froaxChri/f mas 173.8'to" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That,..Word " since," stand Part of the Question;

' It passed in the Negative.

.. And the Question being put. That the Words " from

" Chrifmas 173S to," be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question so amended being put. That an Account be laid before this House, of what Ships have been contracted for to be built iu Merchants Yards, or bought by the Commissionecs.of the Navy, for his Majesty’s Service, from Christmas 1738 to Cl. 1739, and by what Authority; distinguishing the Prices of each Ship, and what has been or is proposed to be laid out upon

any

Removal of

GrifiTon’s Disabilities by Attainder.

Lincoln

Writ.

Plantation of Salmon Fillieries.

Building oF Ships, dec.

13 Geo. II.

any of them, to fit them for the Service for which they are intended;

It passed in the Negative.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, entitled to receive Half Pay in Great Brita,with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty; to which is added their Ages, Dates of their First Commissions, and the Time they were put upon Half Pay, and the Occasion thereof, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of General and Staff Officers for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account the wing how the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament, for the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in , has

been applied by them, for the further settling and improving the said Colony. be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to Gt again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy70;

1 Anno 13* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

Keniiogton, IV/TR. Robert Hucks reported from the Committee, to ate. Roads. J.VJL whom the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Paritli of Kensington, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fairte, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows;

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition: And, in order to prove the Allegations thereof, the Petitioners called,

Wm. Morris Esquire, Mr. and Mr. Jo-

feph Westborough: Who being called and examined, said, That the Lane called Church , in the saidPa-rish of Kensington, is about Half a Mile in Length, a very publick Road, and much frequented with Coaches, Waggons,’ and other Carriages, whereby the said Road is in a very ruinous Condition* and cannot, by the Laws now in being, be amended, and kept in Repair, so that Passengers may travel the same with Safety; and that the said Road leads from the great Westeru Road into the Oxfoi d Road: And they farther added, that the Road is in such a ruinous Condition, that many Coaches have been overturned; and that the said Inhabitants have often been threatened to be indicted for the Badness thereof. VoL 23.

449

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, Chelsea, and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in

the County of Middlesex, is committed. That they have,

Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing the Road called Church Lane, in the Parish of Kensington, aforesaid.

Ordered, That Lord Guernsey, Mr. Richard Plumer, Medway Lord Harry Poiolett, Mr. Selwyn, be added to the Com- Navigation^ mittee to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace,

Clergy, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants of the Counties of Kent and Sussex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Lee have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for the Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Sapplyi the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-two thousand Eight hundred Eighty Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of General and Staff Officers, for the Year 1740.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-four' thousand Five hundred Eighty-seven Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for reduced Officers of his Majesty’s

Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1740.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for the further settling and improving the Colony of Georgia in America.

The said Resolutions being severally read, a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by ttye House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for L** reamending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, Roinl£est°IM| Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and Vagabonds, for reducing the same into One Act of Parliament; and also, for amending the Laws for erecting, providing, and regulating Holifes of Correction: And that Sir William Wyndham, Mr. Gybbon, and Mr. Hay, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in th^ Qualification Ninth Year of the Reigh of Queen Anne, intituled, An of Member*. Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill . explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled.

An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the further qualifying the Members to fit in the Ho,use of Commons: And that Sir John Rushout and Mr. Bootle do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Reftrainiue restrain and prevent the excessive Increase of Horse thelncreaw Races: And that Mr. Carew, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr.

Secretary at War, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Burrell, and Mr. Howe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Lift of the reduced Officers of his Army Half Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines entitled to receive Llft* 5Y Half

6* — 7® Februarii.

450 7* — 8° Februarii. <739.

Half Pay in Great Br, with an Efiimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1740, to which is added their Ages, Dates of their first. Commissions, and the Time they were put upon Half P^y, and the Occasion thereof (which Lift was presented to' the House the First Day of this instant February) be printed: And that Mr. Speaker do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do prefurae to print the fame.

Ae#y Htff- Ordered, That the Lift of the reduced Officers of his pay Lilt. Majesty’s I and Forces and Marines, entitled to receive Half Pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1739 (which wag presented to the House the 2 2d Day of February 173$) be printed: And that Mr. Speaker do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do prefutpe to print the fame.

Grant of Mr Carewpresented to the House, according to Order,

Ground for a Bill to enable Sir William Baronet, to grant to

Wwilf'um ^ie Incumbent of the Parish Church of Werington, in Church. the County of Devon, and his Successors, and the Parishioners of the said Parish, a Piece of Ground, belonging to the Capital Messuage of Werington, in the said County: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly:

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vienerisy 8C Februarii;

Anno 13* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

Old Stratford A N ingrossed Bill for making more effectual Three goads. several Acts of Parliament, one of the Sixth Year

of the Reign of her (ate Majesty Queen Anne, and another of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his |ate Majesty King George, for repairing the Fligliways from Old Stratford ip the County of ,to Dunckurch

in the Coupty of Warwick, and the Third made in the

Tenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for making more effectual the said Two former Acts,' was read the Third time. ;..

Rfioked, That the Bill do pals: ^9$ that the Title \>e, An Act^ for‘making nitjje effectual Three several Acts of Parliament, one of the Sixth Yeas of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Time, and another of the Eleventh Y^ac- of the Reign, of his late Majesty King r 1 ’ George, for repairing the , Highway's! from Ola Stratford

in the County' of ‘'Northampto in the County of Warwick, and the Third made in the Tenth Tear of his present Majesty’s Reign, for makitig more effectual the said Two former Acts.

Ordered, That Mr. carry the Bill,to

the* Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sheffield A Bill for making a Chapel lately built by Robert Chapel, 'JJownes, Goldsmith, in the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, a perpetual Cure and Benefice; and for making a Provision for the Maintenance of the Curate or Minister of the said Chapel, pursuant to an Agreement for tljat Purpose; was read a Second time.

" ‘ Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thompson

of York, Sir John Turner, Mr Mr. Lewis, Mr. Fere, Mr. Trefufis, Mr. Brerelon, Mr. Sir

James Grant, Mr. Medlycotl, Mr. Hay, Mr. Morden, Mr. Whitworth, Colonel Howard, Colonel Ingram, Mr.

Heron, Mr. Leheup, Mrj Hooper, Sir fcf. Pennington,

WlT.Carcw, Nlr.Powys, Mr. Wilkinfun, Mr. Horsemonden Turner, Lord Sidney ReauclerMr. Mr.

16

Raynton Rolt, Mr. Howe, Mr. Potvney, Mr. Neale, Sir James Dashwood, Sir Thomas Clarke, Sir John Cope, Mr.

Forcfier, Mr. Am ndcll, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Cartwright,

Mr. Tucker; and all the Members who serve for the

Counties of York, Nottingham, and DAnd they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Oxford the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the nt’ electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Oxford, in the room of Henry Perrott Esquire, deceased.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr.

Edzvards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Vazeille’*, for naturalizing Antony Vazeille and *e* ^all

with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for confirming and establishingArticlesofAgree- Andover ment, and an Award, for dividing and inclosing of a com- Ioclofur* mon Down, and for dividing, inclosing, and exchanging of Lands lying in the Common Fields, in the Tything of Charlton, in the Parish of Andover, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carew,

Dr. Butler, Mr. Ilucks, Mr. Whiticorth, Mr. Bramjion,

Sir Edmund IJliam, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Roivney, Mr.

Polhill, Mr Bold, M v.Packer, Mr. Mr. Wode-

house, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Wynne, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Archer, Mr. Neale, Mr. Bathurst, Mr.

Montagu, Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Longue, Mr. Trefufis, Mr. Winnington, Sir James Grant, Lord Sidney/Beauclerk,

Lord Guernsey. Sir James Dafiiwood, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Devon,

Wilts, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to BereaIftoa the Clerk of the Crown, to make ouYa new Writ for the "nL electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Berealston, in the County of , in the room of Sir Francis Henry Drake Baronet, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill to indemnify Persons who have Offices and omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employ- Employment*, ments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify Persons, who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing furtherTime for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Plumedo carry the Bill to the Lords, and defirejheir Concurrence.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Addrefifor Sixteenth and Seventeenth Year of the* Reign of King enforcingAd Charles the Second, intituled, An AC); for regulat ing the Measures and Prices of Coals; and also the Second sures<

Section of an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, whereby the said Act: was made perpetual, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, Nemine Conlradicente, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that his Majesty will be graciously pleased to cause Directions to be given, that the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, and the Justices of the Peace of the said City, and of the City of Westminster, and within the Liberties thereof, do forthwith and effectually put in execution the Law for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals.

Ordered,

Order against ObstructioD in Eaffage to the House.

OTtler against V agranti iufefting Streets leading to the House,

Colchester

Channel

Navigation,

13 Geo. II.

8* Febrmrii.

45

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s moii honourable Privy Council.

The House was moved. That the Journal of the House, of the 2 ill Day of January 1715, in relation to their Orderto the Justices of the Peace for the Cities of London and Westminster, might be read;

And the same behig read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Justices of the Peace for the Cities of London and Westminster do take care that the Scavengers keep the Passages through the Streets, between the Royal Exchange and Westminster-hall, free and open from all Nuisances whatsoever; and that there be no Obstruction, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Justices aforesaid.

Complaint being made to the House, That great Numbers of idle and disorderly Persons do daily, under Pretence of alking Charity, infeft the Streets and publick Places of the City and Liberty of to the great Annoyance and Interruption of the Members of this House in their Passage to and from this House, and of other Persons going on their lawful Occasions, notwithstanding the great Collections which have been made for the Relief of the Poor, during the present severe Season, over and above the Provision of the respective Parishes for that Purpose;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do send to the Justices of the Peace for the said City and Liberty, and to the Vestries of the respective Parishes there, That Directions may be given forthwith by them to the Beadles, Con-' stables, and other Officers of the said respective Parishes,' to put the Laws in Execution against all idle and dif- ' orderly Persons, who shall be found infefting the Streets and other publick Places of the said City and Liberty, under pretence of alking Charity.

Captain Marlin reported from the Committee to' whom the Petition of the Commissioners for cleansing and making navigable the Channel from the Hithe, in the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, to IVivenhoe, in the same County; and of the principal Inhabitants and Traders of the said Borough, oh the Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Borough and Towns adjacent; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had direcie<| him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order Of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, in order to prove the Allegations thereof.

The Agent for the Petitioners laid before the Committee the Two Acts of Parliament recited in the Petition; and, by the first Act it appeared. That certain Duties were granted for the Term of ai Years, for cleansing and making navigable the said Channel; and, bythelaft-mentioned Act, the said Term was continued for 21 Years more; which will expire in 1740: And then

Edward Bartholomew and Nicholas Wright were examined: Who said, That there was a large and substantial '> Lock made in a commodious Place in the fameGhfculnel, in the Years 1727 and 1729; which cost the Sum of t £. 1,500 and upwards, and has cost the Sum of 120 per Annum ever since, to keep the same in Repair; and that it will dill require the said Sum of 1*0 per Annum to repair the fame; which will be of great Advantage to the Navigation: And they further said, That, if some Provision or Maintenance be not made for supporting the said Lock, and keeping the Clwmnel clean, the said Navigation will be entirely ruined and loft, to the gretit Detriment of the Inhabitants of the said Bourough of Celcliester, and the adjacent Parts.

VOL. 23.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further enlarging the Term granted by an Act, of the qth and 10th Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for cleansing and making navigable the Channel from the Hithe at Colchester to Wivenhoe; and for mak-

ing the said Act, and another Act of the 5th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term granted by the said Act of the 9th and 10th Years of King William the Third, more effectual: , And that Captain Martin and Mr. Houblon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to prevent the Inconveniencies which may Persons arise from naturalizing Persons who shall not continue, naturalized to reside within his Majesty’s Dominions after their ,com‘"R

XT , — n, non-reuaenl

Naturalization, was read a second tune. in the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Kingdom,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tilefday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Complaint being made to the House, That the privilege. Names of several Members of this House had been counterfeited in the Franking of several Letters sent by the General Poll;

And the House being informed. That a Person from the Poll Office attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, a List of the several Members of this House, whose Names have been supposed to be so counterfeited, together with several Boxes, marked alphabetically,con-tiining the letters so franked; and also a Certificate from a Member of this House, absent by reason of Sick-ness, declaring. That his Name, with which one of the said Letters (signed with the Name of Mark franked, was not of his Hand-writing,

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

And the House being acquainted; That the said Member had also declared, when another of the said Letters Was lliewed to him, That his Name, with which that Letter wias franked, was not of his Hand-writing:

And it appearing to the House, That the said Letter was signed with the Name of Cor. Mc: Ordered, That Cor. Mcgillicuddy be lent for in C'ustody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in order to be brought to the Bar of this House, to be examined touching the Matter of the said Complaint.

And the House being informed. That a Person attended at the Door who could give some Evidence relating to the Matter before the House;

He was called in; and, being examined, said, That the said Member, when several Lettfers, franked with his ’

Name, were lliewn to him, declared, That thSfe Franks > were* not of his Hand-writing. - ‘

- And the said Withels being withdrawn;

: The- Superfdrilption of the Letters so franked, and' the Names of the Persons whib signed the fame, were read. - J . '

And- it appearing to the House, That the Letter franked with the said Member’s Name; to which the said Certificate (which was read) refers, was signed with the Name of Mark Goold; '

Ordered, That Mark Goold be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in order to be brought to the Bar of this House, to be examined torching the Matter of the said Complaiht.

And it appearing to the House, That federal other 1 Letters contained likewise in the said Boxes, and frank- ' ed with the Names of several other Members of this House, which the said Members, beingprpfent,severally declared not to lie of their Hand-writing, were fcve-rally signed with the Names of J. Price, William Dioyerj Edward Parks, James Lejley, Frances Hickin-bothakij William Cockburn, and /. j

Ordered,

Stoken Church Hill. &c. Roads.

8* — i r* Februarii. A. 1739.

4S2

Ordered, That /. Pn« be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in order to be brought to the Bar of this House, to be examined touching the Matter of the said Complaint.

Ordered, That William Di be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in order to be brought to the Bar of this House, to be examined touching the Matter of the said Complaint.

Ordered, That Edward Parks be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in order to be brought to the Bar of this House, to be'examined touching the Matter of the said Complaint.

Ordered, That James Lejlet/be sent for in Custody of

the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in order to be brought to the Bar of this House, to be examined touching the Matter of the said Complaint.

Ordered, That Frances Hickinbotham be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in order to be brought to the Bar of this House, to be examined touching the Matter of the said Complaint.

Ordered, That William Cockburn be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in order to be brought to the Bar of this House, to be examined touching the Matter of the said Complaint.

Ordered, That J. Wyatt be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in order to be brought to the Bar of this House, to be examined touching the Matter of the said Complaint.

And the Superscription of several other Letters, franked with the Names of several other Members of the House, (who, being present, declared, That such Franks were not of their Hand-writing), and the Names of the Persons who signed the said Letters, were read.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, n° die Februarii;

Anno 13* Georgii IP! Regis, 1739. 1

Prayers.

MR. Rowney reported from the Committee to whom

the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from the Top of Stoken Church to Enjlow Bridge, and the Road leading from Wheatly Bridge through the City of Oxon, by Begbrooke, to New cock, in the County of Oxon (except the Mile Way on each Side of the said City); and of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and other Persons living in, near, and usually travelling thrpugh, the* said Roads; and also the Road leading from, an House, commonly called the Croivn Ale House, to the Turnpike erected'on Stoken Church Hill; was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as follows;

The Committee have, in pursuance of the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition: And it appeared to the Committee, That, by the Act above mentioned, several Tolls, as is alleged in the Petition, were granted for the amending of the said Roads, which were to take place, and have continuance, only fropn and after the 20th Day of April 1719, for and during the Term of 21 Years; so that the said A ft expire* on the 20th Day of April next.

It appeared likewise to the Committee, by the Evidence of Mr. Edward Clerk, That, in pursuance of Power* granted by the said Act, considerable Sums of Money had been borrowed on the Credit of the said Toll*, which,.together with the Tolls collected, had beeu

duly applied to the amending of the Roads; and that the Money so borrowed had been all paid off.

Stephen Solesbury, John Morris, and John Stone, Surveyors of different Parts of the Road directed by the said Act to be repaired; who all concurred in Evidence with regard to the Badness of the Roads in their several Dif-trifts, before the passing of the late Act, and f he present good Condition of them; the Insufficiencyof the'Statute-work to keep the same in good Repair; and, consequently, the Necessity of the further Alhftance of Parliament, in continuing some Tolls for that Purpose.

It appeared likewise to the Committee, by the Evidence of John Bartlett, That the Road leading from the

Crown Ale House to the Turnpike now erected on Stoken Church Hill (about Half a Mile in Length, and not included in the Roads directed by the Act above mention-to be repaired) is in a very bad Condition; and that, though it is so situated that Persons travelling through the same contribute greatly to the Support of the Turnpike on Stoken Church Hill, yet not the least Benefit arises from thence to the Road, there being no Provision in the late Act for the Repair of it.

He further said, That the Statute-work had been constantly done on the said Road, and found very ineffectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and making more effectual an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from the Top of Stoken Church Hill to Enfo Bridge, and the Road from Wheatley Bridge through the City of Oxon, by Begbrook, to New Wood/lock, in the County of Oxon (except the Mile-Way on each Side of the said City); and for repairing the Road from the Crown Ale House to the Turnpike on Stoken Church Hill aforesaid: And that Mr. Rowney, Mr. Packer, Sir James Dafiwood, Dr.

Butler, and Mr. Herbert of Oxford, do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Morddunt reported from the Committee to \yhom the Petition of Arthur Gregory Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Stivichall, in the County of the City of Coventry; and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tythes lying in the Common Fields of and belonging to the Parish of Stivichall aforesaid; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read: and is as follows;

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, in order to prove the Allegations thereof, the Petitioners called

Mr. Charles Gregory Wade: Who, being examined, said. That there are several Common Fields in the Parish of Stivichall, as mentioned in the Petition; in which Parish the Properties of the Petitioners, and other Land Owners, lie dispersed in several Parcels; by means whereof they are rendered of much less Value to ti>e respective Owners and Proprietors, and, at present, incapable of Improvement:

That the said Common Fields lie contiguous to the City of Coventry, and, if the same were divided and inclosed,‘the same would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the several Proprietors thereof.

And it then appeared to the Committee, That the Petitioners are delirous the Common Fields may be inclosed and divided; and that the Shares and Allotments may be laid and disposed as commodiously as pofliblefor the Persons concerned, to be held in Severalty for such Estates and Interests as they now respectively enjoy in the Lands and Tythes of the said Common Fields:

That the Petitioners are all the Persons concerned in the said common Fields, except the Mailer, Fellows, and Scholars, of Queen's College, Cambridge, who have

not

Stivirbafl Inc Tofu re.


Grant of Ground for rebuilding Wering-tou Church.

Answer to Addrefe.

Woollen

Manufacture.

13 Geo. II.

ti* Febru

453'

not more than a Twenty-fourth Part of the said Common Fields; but it appeared to the Committee, That they had Notice of the intended Application to Parliament, and nobody appeared before the Committee in their Behalf, to give any Opposition to the Palling of a‘ Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields in the Parish of Stivichall, alias Stitchall, in the County of the City of

Coventry: And that Sir Charles Mordaunt and Mr. by, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to enable Sir William Aforice Baronet to grant to the Incumbent of the Parish Church of Werington, in the County of Devon, and his Successors, and the Parishioners of the said Parish, a Piece of Ground belonging to the capital Messuageof , in the said

County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Sir Wm. Irby, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Gore, Sir James Grant, Mr. Wilkinjbn, Mr. Sandys, Lord Sidney clerk, Mr . Plumptre, Mr. Fere, Sir Geo. Mr.

Earle, Mr. Wodehouse, Lord Gtiern/ey, - Mr. Arfcott,

Mr. Packer, Sir Nathanael , Mr. Hungerford,

Mr. Thompson, Mr. Chehoynd, Mr. Plumer, Lord Gage,

Mr. Lindefay, Mr. Blagrave, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Branifton, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Bevan, Mr.

Tucker; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Addrefe of Friday last-, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to cause Directjons to be given, That the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, and the Justices of the Peace of the said City, and of the City of Westminskr, and within thd Liberties thereof, do forthwith and effectually put in Execution the Law for regulating the Meal’ures and Prices of Coals, had been prefen ted to his Majesty: and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

hfr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and append an Act, passed in the Fii ft Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the Abuses and Frauds of Persons employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron Manufactures, of this Kingdom, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House i and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was Offered, to be added to the Bill, to extend the Act, made in the JFirft Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and this Bill to Scotland:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That Offences committed against this Bill in Scotland, and determined as before directed, no Warrant for poyn-dering or distraining, be filled by Suspension, except an Appeal entered in the Quarter Sessions:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Vol. 43.

And several Amendments were made by the Hqufe to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingfoffed.

A Bill to explain and enlarge the several Powers for Duke of appointing Portions, and settling Jointures, which are Cleveland, contained in Certain Letters Patent, bearing Date the 2zd Day of October in the Twenty-sixth Year of the tions, &c. Reign of King Charlesthe Second, whereby certain yearly Pensions, issuing out of the Hereditary Revenue of the Excise, do now Hand limited to William Duke of Cleveland and Charles Duke of Grafton, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies respectively,wasread aSecond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, refolveitfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to enable Thomas Beltcjworih Esquire, and his Bettesworth’* Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of pur- Name,

suant to the Will of Leonard Bilfvn, Esquire, deceased, was read a: Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Sir Wm. Gage, Mr Monson, Colonel Pelham, Mr. Butler,

Colonel Ingram, Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. Ojbaldepm,

Mr. Price, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Thomas Mr. mer, Sir John Peachey, Sir Richard Mill, Mir. Pollen, Sir Nicolas Williams, M r.Jewkes, Me BraMr. Hucks,

Mr. Comewatl, Mr. Eurle, Slt James Grant, M ville, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Kynafon, Mr.

fujis, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Pent on, Mr.

Jion, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Fox, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Harley, Mr. Alderman WiUhnbtt, Mr. Bade, Mr. Walker,

Mr. Whitworth, Dr. Lee, Lord John Mr.

hill, Sir Jtf. Pennington, Lord Guernsey, Captain Fairfax; and all the Memberswbo serve for the Counties of

Su/Jex and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fiye of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Debtor1*

Petition.

A Petition; of the Prisoners for Debt in the Poultry Compter, in the City of London, in behalfiof themselves, and several Thousands in the Gaols; of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Dnuvl*: And praying Relief. '

Ordered, i'liat the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Cth-tzo prpfented to the House, according to Or- Restraining der, a Rdf to rtftram and prevent the excelfive Increase thelncreaie of H orlr h aces: And the same was received; and read

1- . Races.

the r 11 It lime,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second timei

Ordered, That the said Bill be read aSecond time upoij Friday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Wav* to resolve itself into a Committee of the w’hole House, antl to* confuler further of Way s and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

' Rejohed, That this* House will, upon Friday Morning next, refolye itself into the said Committee.

The Serjeant at Arras attending this House; being Privilege. caJled'Upon to give an Account of, what bad beep done in relation to taking of the fov^a} Persons, who were, upon Friday last, ordered to be lent for io his Custody, acquainted;the House, That Five of them.; of*.; Corne-.Ums AT.giUicuddy, Mork Goold, Jane Wyatt, JametPriff, and WilUapn Cockbum, had beep taken intoCostody, afld attended at the Door;, but; that the other Peifona Arere rnot yet found- t . \ \i ^nd Cornelius ATgillicu/ddy being brought in to foe Bar of this House:

And several Letters, signed with his Name, and* upon Friday last, delivered in at the Clerk’iiTable, aind the

5 Z (vnterfeited

454 il* — i z'Februarii. A. 1739.

counterfeited Franks upon the Superscriptions of the said Letters, and also on the blank Sides of the Sheets of Paper on which the said Letters were written, being shewn to him, he confessed, That the said Letters' and Franks were of his Hand-writing.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the said Corne-

lius MgiUicuddy, having counterfeited the Hand-writing of the Name of a Member of this House, upon several Letters, in order to prevent their being charged with the Duty of Postage, is guilty of an high Misdemeanor, and a notorious ((reach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente. That the said Cornelius M'gillicudy be, for his said Offence, committed Prisoner to his Majesty’s Prison of Newgate: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Then Mark Goold was brought in to the Bar of this House:

And the Letter, iigned with his Name, and, upon Friday last, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, and the counterfeited Frank upon the Superscription thereof, being shewn to him, he confessed, That the said Letter, and Part of the Direction thereof, were of his Handwriting; but alleged, That he received the said Frank inclosed in a Letter from a Person at Corke, in;

which Frank was written on a Cover, directed to the said Correspondent at Corke; whoseName,he acknowledged, he rased out, in order to direct the said Cover, so franked, to another Person at the same Place:

And, being further examined, as to a Cover for a Letter directed to himself, and franked with the Name of a Member of this House, and inclosed in the said Letter, on the Direction whereof the said counterfeited Frank was written; and also as to- his Practice of inclosing Franks in his Letters to his Correspondents: he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Mark Goold be discharged out of the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, but upon paying his Fees.

Then Jane JVyat was brought in to the Bar of this House:

And the Letter, Iigned with her Name, and, upon Friday last, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, and the counterfeited Frank upon the -Superscription thereof, being shewn to her, /he confessed. That the said Letter, and the Direction thereof, were of her Hand-writing; but alleged, That /he received the said Frank, among others, in March last, from Mr. Boughton, a Clergyman, her Relation, lately deceased; among whose Papers, after his Decease, /he said, (he found several other Covers for Letters, franked with the Names of Members of this House: some of which /he produced:

And then (he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That Jane Wyat be discharged out of the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, without paying any Fees.

Then James Price was brought in to the Bar of this House: 1

And the Letter, signed with his Name, and, upon Friday last, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, and the counterfeited Frank upon the Superscription thereof, being /hewn to him, he confessed. That the said Letter, and the Direction thereof, were of his Hand-writing; but alleged, That he received the said Frank from one Charles Sutton:

And then he was directed to withdraw.

And the House being informed, that the said Charles Sutton attended at the Door;

He was called in:

And the said Frank being shewn to him, he confessed, that he gave the same to the said James Price, but that ’ he received the same from one Mr. Samuel Barton;

And then he was directed to withdraw.

"The said James Price and Charles Sutton were again called in; and being examined in the Presence of each other, confirmed the Account by them before separately given;

And then they were directed to Withdraw.

Ordered, That the iwdjames Price be discharged out of the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, without paying any Fees.

Ordered, That the said James Price do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Charles Sutton do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Then William Cockbum was brought in to the Bar of this House:

And the Letter signed with his Name, and, upon Friday last, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, and the counterfeited Frank upon the Superscription thereof, being /hewn to him, he confessed, that the said Letter, and the Direction thereof, were of his Hand-writing; but said, that he was ignorant in what manner, or by whom the said Frank was written, the fame, as he alleged, not being superscribed on the Letter, when he directed the fame, nor, as he knows, when he delivered it at the Bar of a publick House, to be sent to the Post House.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said William Cockbum be d ifcharged out of the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, without paying any Fees.

Ordered, That the Order made, upon Friday last, for fending for Frances Hickinbotha in Custody of the

Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in order to her being brought to the Bar of this House, to be examined touching the Matter of the Complaint that Day made to the House, be discharged.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martts, 12* die Februarii \

Anno 13* Georgii II" Regis, 1739.

Prate ns.

SIR Nathanael Curzon reported from the Committee* Protect'Kw

to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace of of Collieri*, the County of Derby, met at the general Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held next after the Epiphany, and also of several Gentlemen, Clergymen, Freeholders, and others, whose Names are thereunto set, on behalf of themselves and others, Dealers in, and Consumers of, Coals in this Kingdom, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, Witnesses were called; viz.

Mr. Nathanael RichardJon: Who, being examined, said, That, about Michaelmas 1738, some Persons, who have Collieries adjoining to aCoIIiery of one Mr. William, Richardson, caused their . Agents to fink several Pits near toTwo Land FloodWatercourses; by which means-they hollowed the Ground under those Watercourses, so that the first great Rain that fell broke in the Surface of the Ground, and in one particular Place near 15 Feet square, and about Two Yards deep, in the said Watercourses, which received all the Water that came, and let it into the old Hollows or Places where Coal had been formerly dug up, and from thence naturally found a Way to run through the Joints of the Coal in an adjoiningColliery to Mr. Richard fun's Works, which lies many Yards, deeper than the other Colliery:

That, the latter End of December following, it proving awetSeafon, the Water that funk into the said Holes, and through another, which the Persons complained of afterwards, entirely drowned Mr. Richardson's Works, though he kept his Fire Engine working till the latter

End

13 Geo. II. 110 Febru455

End of January following: But ho finding the Water Hill increasing, though the Engine discharged i,ooooTun of Water in 24 Hours, he flopped the working of his Engine, and then the Water rose upwards of 40 Yards plumb in ail his Coal Pits, till it found a Level on the Surface of the Ground, about Half a Mile from Mr. Richardson's Works.

And the Evidence further said, That, soon after the sinking of the before-mentioned Pits near to the Water-courses, some Personsfunka Pit close to another Water-course,under Pretence of getting Stone; but the Witness said, That he believed it was only to let the Water into an old Sough, which was under, or very near, the said Hole, and had Communication directly with Mr. Richardson's Works, they having before flopped the said Sough, near the Place where it used to empty itself into an open Ditch; by which means the Water naturally ran back, and then it was let into Mr. Works,

whereby he was deprived of the Ufeand Benefit of Two hard doal Works, and one fofi Coal Work, from the Beginning of January to July following.

That, upon Mr. Richardson's receiving such great Damage, he brought his Action against several Perfoos, and the last Summer Assizes, recovered a Verdict against them for Two hundred and Seven Pounds Damages, which has been paid accordingly; notwithstanding which Mr. Richardson is still a very great Sufferer.

And then the Witness, being further examined, said That, about the latter End of or the Begin-

ning of DecemberXsA, the same Coal W orks wereaSecond timedrowned by meansof the before-mentionedBreaches in the Watercourses, and so continued till the Middle of January last, when he received Advice, that the Fire Engine had cleared those Works of the Water; but the Witness said, that he verily believes, that, on the Frofl breaking, all the Works will again be drowned, unless the Water be suffered to run in its antient Course, which, he said, might be done for 40s. and that he would do the same for that Sum, if he might be at Liberty to do it.

And the said Nathanael Richardson further gave Evidence, That, before Mr. Richardson began his Coal Works, the Price of Coals was 7 6d. per Stack Load; which Load weighed about 40 C‘. but Cnee that time they have been sold at 6s. 6d. per Stack Load, weighing

500 Cl. more than before; and, unless some Remedy be found and applied, Mr. Richardson's Coal Works will be rendered useless, the Consequence of which will be, that the South-South-West, and the West Parts of -

Jhtre, will be obliged to purchase their Coals at such high Prices as the Proprietors of the adjoining Collieries shall think fit to set upon them.

And he added, that the linking the before-mentioned Pits could answer no other End, than to collect the Land Flood, in order to throw it into Mr. Richardson's Pits: And he said further. That this Method, so used, will be aMeans to deft toy these and all other Coal Works and Mines, which depend on drawing out the Water, either by Fire, or any other Way.

Joseph Wild, Agent to Lord Middleton, being examined, said, That, about Christmas 1738, he viewed the several Pits near the Watercourses, before and at which time there was. 40 Yards Depth of Water in the said Coal Works, which was occasioned by the Hollows made under the Watercourses; and he laid. The same could be funk with no other Intent than to drown Mr. son’s Works; which was so done.

And he further said. That, about April last, an Attempt was made to turn the Water into Lord Middleton's Coal Works at Woolatm in Noitingha several Persons

flopping, or cauling to be stopt, an old Sough or Water-course, in a Colliery at Kymberly, in the said County; but that the Event of this Attempt did uot answer their Expectations.

Joseph Meads, being examined, confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Joseph Wild, in relation to Lord Middleton's Works; and added, That it has been fre-

Sic Orig. Bat it iboald probably be Five hundred Weight.

You 23.

questly said by fevCttd PetfonS, that they were hire, that Lord Middleton's Works would be drowned by Lady-dap.

Henry Riley, being examined, said, That he is Servant/ to Mr. Lowe, at a Place called Denby in; and

that some Persons had flopped ah Head or Passage for Water adjoining to a Coal Work belonging to his said Matter, in order to drown the fame; but the flopping thereof had not the Effect intended; and that since that time there had been flopped a Sough, called Z.o/c’oSough, in such a Place, that mud, as he apprehends, entirely destroy the Works, by the throwing greater Quantities of Water on those Works than can ever come there, if the Sough had never been made.

And he further said, That there has lately been flopped a Sough, which he was informed had been a Sough longer than the oldest Man living can remember, near a Place called Smithy Houses, in order to fill another Piece of Coal, belonging to his Mailer, with Water.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the wilful and malicious destroying of Collieries and Coal Works in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further and more effectually preventing the wilful and maliciousDestruction of Collieries and Coal Works: And that Sir Nathanael Curzon, the Lord Charles Cavendish,

Mr. Robert Hucks, and Mr. Venables Vernon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Captain Martin presented to the House, according to Colchester Order, a Bill for further enlarging the Term granted by Channel an Act of the^th and 10th Years of the Reign of King:

William the Third, for cleansing and making navigable the Channel, from the Hithe at Colchester to Wivenhae; and for making the said Act, and another Act of the 5th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the-First, for enlarging the Term granted by the said Act of the 9th and 1 oth Years of King William the Third, more effectual: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City Don

of York, was presented to the House, and read; reciting Navig»tk». several Clauses in several Acts made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the 6th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the River Dun, and also several Clauses in the Bill depending in this House, intituled, A Bill for the more effectual improving the Navigation of the River Dun, from aPlace called Wiljick House, in the Parish of Barmby Dun, in the County of York, to Fishlock Ferry, in the same County; and setting forth, That, in case the same should pais into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend, that all Persons navigating upon the new River, or Dutch Cut, which, as by the first above mentioned Act is declared, and as the Truth is, was only made for the Draining of Lands within the Level of Hatfield Chace, and Parts thereunto adjacent, in the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham, will be entitled to carry down (unless re~ drained) Ships or Vessels of any Burden whatsoever, although the same do draw far above Three Feet Water, contrary to the Restrictions of the above recited Acts; and that the Undertakers will also be at Liberty to heighten or link the Fords at Bramxvith and Stamforth, and other Places within the said River j and will draw a far greater Quantity of Tides, than even at present, up the said Dutch River, by Cuts made, and ObflruCtions removed; and cenfequently, in a fmal] Process of time, so widen the same Dutch Cut, which within a few Years has been widened at the Mouth thereof upwards of Thirty Yards, that no Tides, or what will be very insignificant and u>»-

serviceahlcg.

456 i Februarii. . 1739.

serviceable, can flow" up the River Ouze to the City of York, as immemorially havejftowed; and that if the said Undertakers, or the Corporation of Doncaster, should at any time hereafter think fit to widen the Banks of the new Dutch Cut, or to build Bridges over the fame, of a larger Span than the same now are, which are now only wooden Bridges (which the Petitioners apprehend, by the said Bill, they are not restrained from), the said Dutch Cut, and the River Dun beyond it, being upon the lower Ground, will take into it the whole of the Tides, so that none can ever reach so far as the said City of York; whereby the several Thousands of Pounds which have, since the passing the late Act for improving the Navigation of the River Ouze, been expended in making the same navigable (after all which Expence, the Water hath not as yet been capable of being raised at the said City above Two Feet, if any Part thereof should be taken from the said City by the Means aforesaid, as necessarily mull), and what hath been expended under the several Restrictions and Savings of the said Two other Acts, relating to the Improvement of the Navigation of the said River Dun,will be entirely loll; and that the Petitioners will totally lose the Benefit of all the aforesaid Acts, made for the Benefit of the said City and River: And further Ihewing, That the imposing of a new Tonnage Duty upon all Goods that are landed upon, and re-shipped from, the Banks of the said River between Fishlock Ferry and Gobi, will be a very great Hardship and Impositkm upon the Petitioners, who constantly re-ship from the Banks thereof into larger Ships, large QuantitiesofCoals, Turfs, or other Merchant! iaes, which ure brought thither by such finall Vessels as in the above Acts are directed; which Duty, the Petitioners' appne-bend, the said Undertakers are not entitled to receive, as not propefing by the said Bill to carry their Improvements fkrther than Fishlockor to be at any Charge in the intermediate Dillance between that and Goal, which is Nine Miles and upwards; in all which Particulars, and many others, the Petitioners apprehend, should the said Bill pass into a Law, they will be greatly injured, and deprived of their Tides, which have immemorially flowed, and ought Hill to flow, up to the said City without Obstruction; and consequently of their Trade, which will tend to the utter Ruin of the said City, and of all Places adjacent thereunto: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, a;\d preserve their just. Rights unto them, as the fame, by and under the several above recited Laws, are preserved, and as they have immemorially enjoyed, and are entitled to; and grant them such Relief therein, by proper Restrictions to be added to the said Bill, as to the House shall seem just; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, before the same shall pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the fodd Bill is committed.

pun ' A Petition of the Guild or Brotherhood of Mailers Navigation, and Pilots, Seamen of the Trinity House of Kingston upon Hull, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners haveobserved, in the Votes of this House, that a Bill has been brought in, to improve the Navigation of the River Dun, from Wiljick House, in the Parish of Barmby Din the County of York, to Fishlock Ferry, in thie same County, upon the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the said River; alleging, that in the said Rive*, between the said Limits, there are several Shallows, which make the Navigation thereof so imperfect, that in Neap Tides, and dry Seasons, Boats or Vessels cannot pass, to the great Discouragement of Trade, and upon divers other Suggestions in the said Petition; and that the Petitioners are well acquainted with the late and present Navigation of the said River, which, in Spring Tides, and at wet Seasons, has Water sufficient for Boats and Vessels to pass and re-pass; and that, if the Shallows were removed, there would not be any Improvement thereby of the Naviga-4

tion at Neap Tides, pr in dry Seasons; and that great Quantities of Coals, Corn, and other Commodities, come down the said Navigation from Doncaster, and the neighbouring Country, to the Port of; which will be *]

much affected in the Price by any additional Toll: And that therefore, if the said Bill should pais into a Law, it will he highly prejudicial to Trade, Navigation, and Tillage: And therefore praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, upon their laid Petition, before the said Cofonittee, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard.it the same time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Gentlemen, Dun Merchants, Tradestnen, and other Inhabitants, of the Navigation. City of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read, in Favour of the said Bill; and alleging, That the pairing the said Bill into a Law will not only be a general Advantage to that City, and several other distant Towns in that County, but likewise a publick Benefit, by opening a more certain and easier Conveyance for Trade and Commerce, into the rood populous Parts of the County of York: And therefore praying, that the said.

Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Owners, Ditto, and Mailers of Ships, Ship Carpenters, and other Inhabitants, of the ancient Town of Whitby, in the Cotint.y of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read, in Favour of the;fhid Bill; and alleging, That the passing the said Bill into a Law will not only be very advantageous to that Town, in Supplying the Inhabitants thereof with large Timber for Shipping, which the Country adjacent to the said Rivor ^bounds with, but also will be a general and public Benefit to all other maritime Towns, where great Quantities of Ship Timber is wanted: And therefore ]

praying, that the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Dr. Butler presented io the House, according to stoken Order, a Bill for continuing, and making more effectual, Church Hill, an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late &c- Roads- Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from the Top of Stoken Church Hill to and the Road from Wheatley Bridge, through the City of Oxon, by Begbrook, to New Woodjtock, in the County of Oxon (except the Mile Way on each Side of the said City); and for repairing the Road from the Ate

HouJ'e, to the Turnpike on Stoken Church Hill aforesaid: And the' same was received; and read the First time.

Re/btved, That the Bill be read a Second tine.

Mr. Winkinfon reported from the Committee, to whom Nunkeeling, the Petition of the Lord or Lords of the Manor of Bezo- &c-holm, otherwise Bewham, in the Parish of Nunkeeling, in inclosure. the County of York, and of the Freeholders, and other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having Lands, and Right of Common> in and on the Common Fields, and Commonable Land, of and in the said Lordship of Bewholm, otherwise Bewham, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and-he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows;

The

OliePs

Nat.

Tunifliing Mutiny and Defcrtion.

Mcfla£refrom the Kin*;.

Dun church Koad.

I3G$:0, II. 12° Februpriu 457

{ The Committee have. in pursuance of the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And it appeared, by the Evidence of John , that the Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, of and in the Lordship cri' Bcicholm,otherwise Bach am, conlill (as

is alleged in the Petition) of upwards of One thousand Acres, and that the Properties of the Petitioners lie so interfperl’ed, and mixed one with another, as to be incapable of several Improvements, which, if laid together in Sevemltv, they would easily Admit of.

It appeared likewise to the Committee, that the Pe-» titioners were dehrous of inclosing and dividing the said Common Fields ami Commonable Lands, and had, for that Purpose, entered into certain Articles of Agreement, which were produced to the Committee , but that Two of the Part ies concerned, being Infants (in behalf however of tvhom, as lar as in them lay, their respective Guardians had consented)the Petitioners apprehended the said Agreement would not be to them binding and effectual without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given, to bring iu a Bill for making Divisions, Inclosures, and Allotments of the open Corn Fields and Common Pasture, in the Lordship of Bewhohn, otherwise Bewham, in the Parish of

keeling, in the County of York; and for settling and establishing the Payment, of a yearly Sum to the Impropriators of the Reftoiyof Av/w&eW/ngaforesaid, and their Heirs, in lieu of Tythesarifing within the said Lordship, pursuant to an Agreement between the said Impropriators, and the Proprietors of the said Lands: And that Mr. Within/on, Mr. Ofbaldcjion, and Mr.

of York, do prepare, in bring iu, the fame.

Mr. Fere presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Jfaac: And the same was received, and read the First time.

liefolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for pnnifliing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters: And that Mr. Secretary at War, and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Mr, Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he had 9 Message from his Majesty to this House, signed by his Majeliv; and he presented the same to the House: And the Message was read by Mr. Speaker, all the Members being uncovered; and is as felloweth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, in further Prosecution of the just and necessary War in which he is engaged, having under his Consideration certain Meafurrs which will occasion some extraordinary Exponces, not comprehended in the Estimates laid before this I louse; hopes, from the known iJeal of his faithful Commons, that he shall be enabled to carry on the same in the most effectual manner.

Ordered, NnnineContradicenle, That his Majesty’s said

mollgracious Message be referred to the Confuleration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of the Corporation of the City of Coventry, and others the Citizens and Inhabitants of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; felling forth. That the Petitioners find, by the Votes of the House, that a Petition hath been presented from the Trnftees appointed to put in execution an Act: of Parliament passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road leading from Dunchurch,in the County of to the Bottom

of Meriden Hill, in the frtmeCounty(praying that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act, for so long Time, and in such manner, as to the House shall feenr

Vo 1.. 23.

meet) and that there are several Causeways near the said City, lying in the said Turnpike Road; which the Trustees, during: the Continuance of the said Act, have hitherto refused to amend, although often applied to for that Purpose: And therefore, an ! in regard the said Causeways lie in the said Road directed to be repaired by the said former Act, praying, That Provision may be made in the Bill so petitioned for, as aforesaid, for repairing the said Causeways, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Mattel* thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Neale, Mr. Digby, Mr.

Henry Archer, Lord Gtenorchy, Mr. Harley, Mr. Holden,

Mr. Earle, Mr. Mordaunt. Lord Chetzvynd, Mr. tvynd, Mr. Corneicall, Mr Howe, Mr. Speke, Mr. Sel-tvyn, Mr. Price, Lord Gage, Sir Jef. Pennington, Mr.

Herbert, Sir Richard Corbett, Mr. Southwell, Mr. tre, Mr. Sandys, Mr. IJungerford, Mr. Carew, Mr.

Bayfttun Rolt, Sir Henry Gough, Mr. Trevor, Mr. worth, General Handaji/de, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Bramston,

Mr. Fazakerley, Sir Edmund Bacon, Lord

Mr. Lockwood, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Yorke, Lord

Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Longueville, Sir James Grant,

Mr. Corbett, Mr. Gore, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr.

Bladen, Captain Gough, Mr. Lehe Lord Avgufius

FitzRoy, Mr. P lamer, Mr. Winnin; and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick,

Stafford, Northampton, Salop and Chester, and North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, rn the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Per Ions, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill for registering all Seamen; Registering Watermen, Fishermen, Lightermen, Keelmen, Barge- of Seamen, men, and fealaring Men, capable of Service at Sea, *c‘ throughout his Majesty’s Dominions, be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill For Recovery of the more ealy and effectual Recovery of frrtall Debts: Small Debt*. And that Mr. Hungerford and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame. '

A Bill to enable William Grierson, the eldest Son of Removal of Sir Robert Grierson, of Lag, Baronet, to sue, or maintain OrierfWs any Action,or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and Disabiline* to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said ttain cr* Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personat Estate that mrty have descended or otherwise come to him, since his late Majesty’s most gracious Pardon, dated, the Twenty-ninth Day of June, in the Twelfth Year of his Reign, or that shall hereafter defeend or otherwise come to him; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rpjolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House persont to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, natuiniixed Upon the Bill to prevent the Inconveniencies which ^ay arise from naturalizing Perilous who shall not continue iil(, to reside within his Majesty’s Dominions after their Kingdom. Naturalization, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sandys took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill: And that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

6 A Resolved,

45 8 12° — 130 — 140 Februarii. A. 1739.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Commiltee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 130 Februarii;

Anno i3* Georgii Ildi Regis, 1739. Prayers.

JSA A C Olier took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

I xml Sir John IlyndeCotton reported from the Committee,

C-en*. to w|iom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, 1 ‘ An Act for explaining several Powers contained in the Will of William late Lord Craven, for making Jointures and I^eases, and for rendering the same Powers more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: Aud he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Woollen An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act passed Manufacture. in the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the Abuses and Frauds of Persons employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fullian, Cotton, and Iron Manufactures, of this Kingdom, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 4. L. 13. To leave out the Words " in Part

L. 24. To leave out the Words " in Part:" L. 2.<5, 26. To leave out the Words " are " subjected to

L. 38. To leave out the Words " in Part:"

' Press 9. L. 5. To leave out the Word " a Manufacturer,"and insert " Manufacturersand to leave out " Worker," and insert " Workers

Press 11. L. 3. To leave out " whereas."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: Aud the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen , intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the Abuses and Frauds of Persons employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fullian, Cotton, and Iron Manufactures, of this Kingdom; and for extending the said Act to the Manufactures of Leather.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

g . The Order of the Day being read, for the House to y’ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of Services incurred Anno 1739, not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Scrape took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Scrope reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Scrojie also acquainted the House, That he was

directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, uf>on this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Lord Polwarth have Leave to . make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, Taxes oa of what Money has been applied, from Michaelmas 1730, Salaries of to this Time, towards paying any Taxes on the Salaries Com* of the Commissioners, and other Officers of the Ad- onm’ miralty. Navy, Treasuryof the Navy, and Victualling Offices, out of what Fund, and by what Authority; distinguishing each Office, and each Year.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, Admiralty of what Imprefts for the Contingencies of the Admiralty, Conllll?c Navy, Treasury of the Navy, and Victualling Offices, cies’ c‘ are not cleared at the Navy Office: w’ith an Account of what Directions have been given for clearing the fame.

The Lord Baltimore reported from the Committee to Privilege of whom it was referred to consider how far the Privilege Members of this House ought to be allowed to such Members of ab^e.nt ,a this House as shall be absent in foreign Parts during the par^a Sitting of Parliament, and to report their Opinion therein to the House, That they had considered the Matter to them referred; and had come to a Rcfolu-tion; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 140 die Februarii;

Anna 130 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1739.

Praters.

A PETITION of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Trades- Du» men, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Navigation.

borough, in the County of Lincoln, on the Behalf of themselves, and many others in the Town and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth.

That great Quantities of Coals are brought down the River Dun, in the County of I or A-, fortheConsumption of that Town and Neighbourhood; and that the Duties in that River, granted by Acts of Parliament to the Proprietors, for carrying on that Navigation, are already greater upon Coals, than they have thought proper to levy; though the Petitioners are informed, that a dill greater Duty is intended to bp laid on Coals, as well as other Goods,by a Bill, dependinginthis House, intituled,

A Bill for the more effectual improving the Navigation of the River Dun, from a Place called House,

in the Parish of Barmby Dun, in the County of York, to Fishlock Ferry, in the same County; and that the Petitioners areapprehenfive, that the said Bill, by grant- , ing a Power to raise further Duties, on pretence of necessary Expences; by a Power to oblige all Boat Mailers to give an Account from whom they receive each Parcel of Goods, and to whom they are to deliver them; by a Power to detain and weigh all Boats, where, and as often as they please, at the Sole Expence of the Boat Owners; and by several other Powers and Restrictions;

will

13 Geo. II. 14° Febrmrii: 459

will !>ring such a Burden upon (Tie Navigation, as will in effect give to the Proprietors, or the Farmers under them, who are already pofii fled of several Boats, a Power to monopolize the Navigation of the said River, contrary to the Intention of 'he Acts of Parliament, to make it a free River: And therefore praying, That the House will give the Petitioners Inch Relief in the Premises as to 1 he House llin.ll seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That the said Petitioners be heard, by their Counf^, upon their said Petition, before the said Committee, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That thevdo admit Counsel to be heard at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Don A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Navigation, thereunto subscribed, being the major Part of the Trustees appointed in and by an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King , intituled, An Act for improving the Navigation of the River in the County of York, was prefenled to the House, and read; representing to the House, That if the Bill, now depending before the House, intituled, A Bill for the more effectual improving the Navigation of the River Dun,from a Plaee called House, in the Parish

of Barmin/ Dun, in the County of York, to Fishlock Ferry, in the same County, fijould pass into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend, That allPersons navigating upon the new River, or Dutch Cut, which communicates with the said River Dun, and which was only made for the Draining of Lands within the Level of Hatfield Chace, and Parts thereunto adjacent, will be entitled to carry down, nnlefs restrained, Ships or Veffols of any Burden, although the same do draw far above Three Feet Water, contrary to the lleftrictions of the said Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George; and that the Undertakers will all’o beat Liberty to height en or fink the Fords at and

and other Places within the said River; and will draw a greaterQiianlitvofl ides than even atpresentuptheiaid Dutch River, by Cuts made, and Obilructions removed; and, consequently, in a small Process of time, so widen the same Dutch Cut (which, within a few Years, has been widened, at the Mouth thereof, upwards of Thirty Yards) that no Tides, or what will bp very insignificant and unserviceable, can flow up the River Ouze to the City of York, as immemorial! v have flowed; and that, if the said Undertakers, or the Corporation of should at any time hereafter think fit to widen the Banks of the said new Dutch Cut, or to build Bridges over the fame, of a larger Span than the same now are (which the Petitioners apprehend by the said Bill they are now re* {trained from) the said Dutch Cut will take into it the Whole of the Tides, so that none can ever reach so far as the said City of York; whereby the several Thonfands of Pounds which the Petitioners have, since the passing the late Act for improving the Navigation of the River Ouze, expended, in making the same navigable (after all which Expence, they have as yet been aide only to raise the Water by the Tides at the said City about Two Feet, if any further Part Of the T ides should be taken from them by the Means aforesaid, as ueceflarily mull), and what the Petitioners did expend under the several Reflections and Savings of the Two Acts, relating to the Improvement of t he said River Dun, will be entirely loft: And further representing to the House, That the imposition of a Duty upon Goods that are landed upon, and re-shipped from, the Banksof the said River between

Fishlock Ferry and Goal, will be very detrimental to the Toll granted to the Petitioners by the above-recited Act, by diicouraging of Persons, through the Payment of a double Duty, from bringing of Goods up the said River Vol. 23.

Ouze-, which Duty the Petitioners conceive the said Undertakers are not entitled to receive,theImprovementsby the said Act propofedby them to be made not extending within Nine Miles of the Mouth of the said Dutch Cut:

And therefore praying, That the House will take the several Premises into Consideration; and that such proper Restrictions may be added to the said Bill, now depending before the House, as may be consistent with the Rights now vested in the Petitioners by the said Act; and that the Petitioners may be relieved in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet; and that they may be beard by their Counsel, against the said Bill, before the same pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, upon their said Petition, before the said Committee, if they think fit: And that the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of York, whose Petition was presented to the House upon Monday last, and ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed, be heard, by their Counsel, upon their said Petition, before the said Committee, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Two Petitions.

A Petition of the several Traders, Masters, Mariners,

Boatmen, and Sailors,that ufeand navigate the RiverDtw, Navigatioa, in the County of York,was presented to the House, and

read, in favour of the said Bill; and alleging, That the improving the said Navigation will not only be very advantageous to the Petitioners, in a more certain and easy Carriage of Cheese, Lead, Coals, Lime, Timber, Stone, and all other Goods and Merchandizes, up and down the said River, but also a publick Benefit to the Trade and Commerce of the Market Towns, and other Places adjoining to the fame: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That all that come to the said Committee have Voices.

Sir Nathaniel Curzon presented to the House, accord- prat<lcrtoix ing to Order, a Bill for further and more effect u ally of Collieriw. preventing the wilful and malicious Destruction of Collieries, and Coal Works: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Christian Schutfe was presented to the Schulte's House, and read; praying. That his Name may be in- Nat. ferted in the Bill, now depending before the House, for naturalizing Isaac Olier.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill he read a Second time.

Mr. Scrope, according to Order, reported from supply,

the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutious which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Whero the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds ba granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards enabling his Majesty to carry on, in the moll effectual manner, such Measures as his Majesty shall judge necessary in the further Prosecution of the just War in which his Majesty is engaged.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Thata Sum, not exceedingNine thousand Four hundred Seventy-seven Pounds Thirteen Shillings and OneEenny

Three

14° — 15 ° FebruariL A. 1739.

Three Farthings, he granted to his Majesty, for defraying several extraordinary Expences and Services incurred Anno 1730, and not provided for by Parliament.

/ The said Reiblutions, being severally read a Second lime, were, upon flie Question severally put thereupon agreed to by the House.

Andover A Petition of William of Andover, in the

inclosure. County of Son th am])! on, Mai titer, was presented to the House. and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner finds, by the Votes of the House, That a Bill is depending for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement, and an Award, for dividing and inclosing of a Common Down, and for dividing, inclosing, and exchanging, of Lands, lying in the Common Fields in the Tything of CImrllon, iir the Parish of Andover, in the County of Southampton-, and that the Petitioner apprehends, fli^uld the said Bill pass into a I,aw, he will be very much injured in his Property: And therefore praying.-That he maybe heard, by his Conn fel, again It fonie la? or the said Bill, before the Committee to whom the f,c«i H h is committed; or that he may have fuel* other iieiiel in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Co&sideration of the Committee to whom the said - Bill is commit led; And that the Petitioner be beard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon the said Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be au Instruction to the said Committee, That l hey do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, iu favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Import of A Petition of the Silk-weavers, Throwfters, and others

Cliiu* Silk, concerned inSilk Manufactures, whose Names are there-' unto subscribed, was presented to Lite Iloule, and read; alleging. That if China raw Silk was admitted to be brought in, paying no more Duty than all Italian raw Silk non docs, it would be of very great Advantage, not only to the said Manufactures in particular, but to the whole Nation in general: That we have now only the Italian Market for all Sorts of organzined Silks, or for fuel) Sorts of Silk as are fit to be organzined here; but that, were there a sufficient Quantity of raw Silk annually brought, and orgaezined here, it would serve any of the Purposes of Piedmont and other thrown

Silks: That, by having Two Markets instead of One, Piedmont and other Italian thrown Silks would be prevented riling so high as they now are; nor should we be so liable to be imposed on in the Price by a Country wherein ail English Manufactures are very much discouraged, and from whence the Exportation of raw Silk is prohibited: That such raw Silk as we now get from other Parts of I tali) is not so good as the raw Silk of the Growth of Piedpiont: That there is no other Kind of raw Silk proper to organzine here, which will serve the Purposes of Piedmont, except China; and this not only equals it in Firmness of Texture, and Fineness of Quality, but is superior to it in the Beauty of its Colour: That or-ganzining Silk at home, for our own Manufactures,’ would employ several Thoulands of ourPoor, and t hereby save to the Nation great Part of what is now paid for throwing Silk in Piedmont, and other Parts of Italy: That

the Use of China, instead of Silk, would be a

great Saving to the Nation in the prime Cost abroad, the usual Price of the f\ueft Italian raw Silk being from Fourteen Shillings to Sixteen Shillings, and of Eight

Shillings and Six Pence; but that the Silk, through the Expence of the Voyage, Risk, and Duty, comes dearer to this Market than Italian raw Silk does: That all Sorts of Italian raw Silk now pay One Shilling and Five Pence and One Tenth Part of a Peny per great Pound, and China raw Silk paysThree Shillings and Nine Penceand Forty-fiveofOne hundred Parts ofaPenny per great Pound; which great Difference in the Duty near deprives us of the Use of it, almost amounting to a Prohibition; so that, was the Duty on China raw Silk reduced to the same with that on Italian raw Silk, such a

17

Quantity might be imported, as would fttpply the Use of Piedmont, and make our Silk Manufactures cheaper than now they are; which are so much improved, and brought to such Perfection, that they exceed both the French and Dutch: And therefore praying the TIouie to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and give them such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

RefAved, That this House will, upon Seven-

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House; Duty on of the Amount of the Duty paid upon the Importation Ciiinaailk. of China raw Silk, for Seven Years last past; with an Account of the Drawback thereupon.

Ordered, That an Account he laid before this House, of She Vmount of the Duty paid upon the Importation of Italian raw Silk, for Seven Years last past; with an; Account of the Drawback thereupon. /

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 15° die Februarii;

Anno i3* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

SIR Joseph Pennington reported from the Committee Whitehaven to whom the Petition of the Trustees for the liar- Harbour, bour of Whitehaven, in the county of ; and

of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and Owners of Ships; and of the Freeholders, Farmers, and Occupiers of Lands, living in and near the said Town of Whitehaven; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter thereof:

And, in order to prove the Allegations of the said Petition.

The Petitioners laid before the Committee Two Acts of Parliament in the Petition mentioned: And by the fit It Act it appeared. That certain Duties, therein mentioned, were granted for repairing the said Harbour, for the Term of 14 Years, to commence from the 25th of March 1709; and that, by the last mentioned Act, the said Duties were to continue, and be paid, for the further Term of 14 Years, to commence after the Expiration of the before-mentioned Term of 14 Years; which last mentioned Term expired the 25th of March 1737.'

Then the Petitioners called,

M r, Joseph Younger, Merchant, Captain Roger Kelliott,

Mr. John Mathews, and Mr. AntonuBacon: Who, being examined, said, That the Counter Mole, a (trong Work of Stone, above Two hundred Yards in Length; was built for the Security of the Ships, and to keep the Sand and Rubbish from filling up the Harbour: that the main Pier, w Inch made the old Harbour, has been considerably lengthened, and firongMooring Polls fix-d very deep in it, from one End to the other, for the Ships to moor to: That the said Pier has Ireen very much strenglhened with new Stone-work, and a firong Buttrcfs to support it, all framed with firong Timber, at a great Expence, and several firong Capfterns fixed in the fame, lor the Use of the Ships:

That the Ships were formerly very much exposed to the Sea, and often drove out of the Ihirbonr in great Storms, and loft upon the Rocks and Shoals on that Coast, to the Northward; and that, to prevent fuel)

Misfortune.-',

13 Geo. II.

15" FehrUarii.

Misfortunes, another strong Mole, called the Merchants Key, was built, forae Years since, at a great Expence, which effectually securesthe Ships in Harbour from being drove out to Sea, as they used to be:

That the Harbour has been deepened from time to time, at a great Expence, by blaliing and cutting up the Rocks and Stones which lie under the Sand and Mud, that in some Places it has been deepened Seven or Eight Foot, in most Parts Three or Four Foot:

That there is now at Spring Tides Seventeen Foot Water for the lower Tire of Ships in the Harbour, and Ten Foot at Neap Tides; but that the biggeit Ships, when ioaden, drawing Fourteen Foot Water, do not float above Six or Seven Hays at the Spring, and then are neapt, and block up the others, so that few Ships can get out at the NeapTides; but the Pier being above 150 Yards from Low-water Mark, where the Tide rises near Thirty Foot at SpringTides, it is proposed to erefct another Pier there, and also a new Mole, to make a convenient Place for Twenty or more of the biggest Ships to lie in Safety, to fail at Neap Tides, as there will be 28 Foot Water at SpringTides, and 21 Foot at Neap Tides, which isFourFoot more than they have within the other Pier at Spring Tides; by this means also there will be Water for Ships to come in at any time, from Halfflood to Half-ebb, which they can uow do only at or near high Water; by which means many Ships are now call away on lhatCoaft: That, as these Improvements of the Harbour have been making since the former Acts of Parliament for the Harbour, the Trade of the Place, the King’s Revenue, and also the Ships, thg new Buildings of the Town, and also the Inhabitants, have been gradually increasing; and that every Year upwards of 30 Sail trade to Virginia, and above 20 Sail to Norway.

It also appeared to the Committee, by the Abstracts of the Harbour Accounts, That the Duty upon Coals exported, and upon Goods and Merchandizes imported, and Tonnage of Ships, called the Temporary Duties, which were granted for 2? Years, from the 25th of March 1709 to the 25th of March 1737, produced the Sum of £.14,745. »6r. 3 %d.; and the Duties for the per-

petual Repairs; viz. One-third of the Duties on Tonnage of Ships have, in Two Years and a Half, ending at Michaelmas last, produced £.418. 4 S making together £.15,164. os. 11 \d.; and the whole Expences of the new Moles, Bulwarks, Repairs, deepening and cleansing the Harbour, and all other Charges relating to the fame, amount to £.16,102. 18$. 7 so that the whole Debt of the Harbour is £.938.17*. 71; of which there is

£.220 for Harbour Bonds unpaid, and £.718. 17J. 7 for Work and Materials done and supplied.

It also appeared. That, in the said Two Years and a Half, the ordinary and necessary Charges of the common Repairs of the Works, and the cleansing and keeping the Harbour in order, amounted to £.580.9 4 and the perpetual Duties appropriated for that Service amounted only to £.418. 4*. 8 d.:So that it appears. That less

than One Half of the Duties onTonnageof Ships will not be suficient for the ordinary Repairs of the Works, and for cleansing and keeping the Harbour in Order.

And the said Witnesses, being further examined, said, That the several Roads leading from Whitehaven, to St. Bees, to Egremond, and to D, and so to a Place

called Bridge Foot, are very uarrow and deep, and the Banks above the Roads are, for great Part of the Ways, several Feet higher than the Road, and, in many Places thereof, they are Eight or Nine Feet higher than the Roads; and that a finglp Horseman, in many Parts thereof, cannot pass by a Cart or laden Horse: That the said Roads have been often presented, and many times indicted, and cannot, by the Laws now in being, be sufficiently amended or repaired, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making more effectual Two A<9s of Parliament, passed in the Seventh and Tenth Years of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for preserving and enlarging the Harbour Vol. 23.

of Whitehaven, in the County' of and for

repairing and amending the High Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven: And that Sir Joseph Pennington, Sir James Lowlher, and Sir Thomas Lowther, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir William Wyndhampresented to the House, accord- I.a ws relating

ing to Order, a Bill for amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and for reducing the same into One Act of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws for erecting, providing, and regulating Houses of Cor-rediion: And the same was received ,* and read the First time.

Refolivd, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to mn<* ^lean* consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty', be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Scrope took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Scrope reported from the Committee, That they

had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday.

Morning next.

Mr. Scrope also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night,resolve itself into aCoramitteeof the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Merchants, du,

Tradesmen, and others, Inhabitants of the Town and Navigation. Borough of Doncaster, in the County of York, on behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Bill, depending in this House, intituled, An Act for the more effectual im-. proving the Navigation of the River Dun, from a Place called Wilfick House, in the Parish oiBarmby Dun, in the County of York, to Fishlock Ferry, in the same County, as the Petitioners apprehend, is intended to subject the Navigation of the said River Dun to farther burdensome Duties, under the Pretence of necessary Expences for carrying on the l/ndertaking; whereas the Rates which the Proprietors of the Navigation of the said River, by several Acts of Parliament, are already irapowered to take, are more than sufficient to raise Sums for perfedting the said Undertaking; and that, as the Petitioners conceive, it is intended by the said Bill, not only to subject the said River to farther burdensome Duties, butalib to raise the same in an unequal and oppressive manner, by exempting some Persons and charging others; which may tend very much to the Prejudice of the Petitioners, not only in depreciating the Produce of their Estates,but by raising a heavy and unequal Duty upon merchantable Wares: And therefore praying.That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Couufel, against so much of the said Bill; and that the House will give them such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall feera meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be beard, by their Counsel, upon their said Petition, before the said Committee, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in fa\our of the said Bill, again the (bid Petition.

(8 A Petition

Dun

Navigation.

0

4 62

150 Febru.

A. 1739.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Doncajfer, in the County of was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act, mfule in the 12th Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for making the River*Zh/n, in the West Riding of the County of York, navigable, from Holmjiile, in Doncaster, np to the utmoli Extent of

TinfeyWeftwnrd, a Township within Two Miles of Sheffield, the Matter, Wardens, Searchers, Assistants, and Commonalty of the Company of Cutlers in Hallamshire, were appointed Undertakers of the said Navigation: And that by another Act of Parliament, made in the 13th Year of his said late Majesty, for improVing the Navigation of the River Dun, from a Place called Holmjiile, in the Township of Doncaster, in the County of York, to Wilfick House, in the Parish of Dun, in the said

County, the Petitioners were appointed Undertakers of the said Navigation, from Holmjiile to afore-

laid; and that the said Undertakers respectively were empowered to take such Lock Dues, and other Rates, as they should think fit, not exceeding the Sums therein mentioned, for the Tonnage of the several Commodities therein expressed: And that by an Act made in the 6th Year of his present Majesty, to explain and amend the said Two Acts, it was enacted, That the said Undertakings of the said Navigation, and Property of the said Two Corporations therein, should be divided into an Hundred and Fifty equal Shares, and vested in the several*Corporations and Persons therein mentioned, Ten of which Shares were thereby given to, and Hill are, the Property of the Petitioners; and that the Proprietors of the said Hundred and Fifty Shares were, by the said Act, incorporated by the Name of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Dun, and empowered to do all such Acts, and to take such Duties, as the Two Corporations, who were the former Proprietors, might have done by virtue of the former Acts j and that in the said Act was contained a Clause, that a Committee of the said Proprietors, chosen in such manner as is directed by the said Act, should have Power to raise and fall the several Lock Dues payable to the said Proprietors, as they should judge to be moll to the Advantage of the said Proprietors, and of the Trade of the said River, so as the said Duties should not be raised higher than they were settled by the said Acts: And alleging, That the said Committee have neglected to execute the Power veiled in them, as aforesaid, and have either never made any Regulation of the Rates to be taken, or have done it in a secret and unequal manner; and that the Rates taken are not such as are beneficial to the Proprietors, or to the Trade of the said River, butunequal and injurious to the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners are informed, That by the Bill now depending before the House, for the more effectual improving the Navigation of the River Dun,from a Place called Wilfick House, in the Parish of Barmby Dun, in the County of York, to in the same County, it is intended not only to subjeci the said Navigation to further burthensomeDuties, under the Pretence of defraying the Expences necessary to the carrying on the said Undertaking, whereas the Rates which they are already empowered to take are more than sufficient to defray whatever Sums may be necessary for the perfecting the said Undertaking; but also to raise the same in an unequal and oppressive manner, exempting some Persons, and charging others; whereby the Interest of the Petitioners will be greatly prejudiced, as well by dellroying their Market, as by lowering the Value of the Produce of their Estates: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against so much of the said Bill; and that the House will give such farther Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, upon their said Petition, before the said Committee, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That jt be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Matter, Wardens, Searchers, Affill- Dna ants, and Commonalty, of the Company of Cutlers in Navigation. Hallamffiire, in the County of York, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are incorporated by Act of Parliament, and are Makers of Knives, Sciffars, Sheers,

Sickles, Files, and other Edge Tools, and Cutlery Wares; in which Arts and Crafts a very large Trade and Manufacture is extended almost universally, throughout the Town of Sheffield, and the County within Three Miles around it; and that since the River Dun was in Part made navigable, a moll apparent Increase and Advantage has aecrued to the Trade of that Corporation, by reason of the Carriage of Materials of different Kinds, 1 to supply the Manufacture, and of the Goods and Wares' there made being thereby reduced to a much less Expence than before; and that the improving the Navigation of the said River will not only be a great. Advantage to the Trade of that Corporation, by a more certain and easy Conveyance of Goods and Merchandizes, but like-wife will render the Navigation of the said River of much more general and publick Service: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That the Petitioners may be' heard, by their Counsel, for the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reftrainiag Reading of the Bill to restraiii and prevent the excessive Increase of Horse Races, be now read: Races.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second time.

Refoh'ed, T\\dX the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read, for taking privilege of into Consideration the Report from the Committee, who Membersab-were appointed to consider how far the Privilege of this sent ,n so* House ought to be allowed to such Members of this rei?n artl' House as shall be absent in foreign Parts, during the Sitting of Parliament, and to report their Opinion therein to the House;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the said Report be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

s

Tellers for the Noes Earle,

tellers ior the]Noes^Mr Plumpt:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the same Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Sheriffs and Stewards of the several Prote&ioni, Counties, Shires, and Cities, within this Kingdom, and inShe-the Secondaries of the Compters in London, do forthwith riff* Officw. lay before this House an Account of the Protestions and written Certificates entered in their respective Offices.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Montague.

Mr.

Tellers for the Yeas, J "j;

Il-

ls-

i3 Geo. II.

Naturalization of foreign Pro-tcitants settled in America.

Hockliffe, Icc. Road.

Wallmoden’s

Nat.

150 — 18® Februarii.

463

Mr. Speaker, Leases, and for rendering the same Powers more effec-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act feftual for the Purposes thereby intended, was read the for naturalizing such foreign Protellants, and others Third time, therein mentioned, as are settled, or shall settle, in any Thai the Bill do pass.

of his Majesty’s Colonies in America, with some Amend- , That Sir John do carry the

ments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House

Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road between , in the County of Bedford and Stony Stratford,in the County of Buckingham, without any. Amendment. And also,

The Lords have paflctj a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Amalie Sophie de Wallmoden: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

J

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 18* die Februarii;

Anno ,i3° Georgii IT1' Regis, 1739.,

hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Amalie Sophie de Wallmoden, was read the Firli time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Scrope, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, his Majesty be enabled to issue and apply the further Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, out of the growing Produce of the Surplufes, Excesses, or Over-

Wallmodcii’s

Nat.

Wap and Meant.

Extra Navy Payment*.

Money im-prefted for Navy Office Fees, See.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. William

Corbett, from the Treasurer of the Navy, attended plus-monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund.

at the Door; The said Resolut ion, being read a Second time, was,

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the - -

House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what Payments the Treasurers of the

Navy have made for Seven Years last past, by Extra

Orders to them from the Commissioners for executing

the Office of Treasurer of the Exchequer: And also,

An Account of what Money has been imprefted to

upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill, upon the Resolution reported, upon the Fifth Day of this instant February, from the Committee of the w hole House, to whom it was referred to consider further oCVVays and

pay Fees at the Exchequer, and to the Auditors, and Means for. raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, some Contingencies of the Treasury Office of the Navy, an(j tjlen agree(j to by the House, That they do prepare for Seven Years Jaft past, with the particular Accounts a Clailfe or clauses to be inserted in the said Bill, pur-

i* 4- Vx Tl 4 JTK. 4* 4 - 1 If 1 ff /«f iflVfc 1 fl AM AA A I'M AvA M , 1 f* \

suant to this Kelolution.

The Lord Sint don presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to give further Powers to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of to the opposite Shore in

the County of Surry; and to enable them to raise a

of the Disposition. thereof; diiiinguishing each Year. And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Westminster

Bridge.

Money imprefted to Deputy Secretary of Admiralty, 4c»

further Sum of Money towards finishing the said Bridge, Mr. Thomas Corbett presented to the House, pursuant and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them: And

Kensington, &c. Roads.

to their Order, an Account of what Money has been imprefted to the Deputy Secretary, or to the Chief Clerk of the Admiralty, for Seven Years last past, with the particular Accounts of the Disposition thereof; distingu idling each Year.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is hound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Pulteney reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads in the Parishesof Kenfingt and Fulham,

Devizes

Writ.

the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Devizes, in the County of in

the room of Sir Joseph Eyles, Knight, deceased.

The House being informed, that Mr. Gafhry, from New-erected the Office for Sick and Hurt Seamen, attended at the Emp'oy-

ry ments in Sick

t t ’ 1, , . r, - . , and Hurt

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the office.

House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what

Orders have been made for new-erected Employments,

or increasing of Salaries, between 1727 and

Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Christmas 1739; and for multiplying Offices, or other ..... . Allowances relating to the Sick and Hurt Office, with

Middlesex, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said. Re port be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

the Reasons for granting the said Orders:

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is hound up with the other Papers of this Session.

LordCrayen’s

Will.

An

ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Sir from the Commissioners for exe- Kew.ere(^e(j

cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, Employ-presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Ac- ments relat-for explaining several Powers contained in the Will of count of what Orders have been made for new-erected to th* William late Lord Craven, for making Jointures and Employments, between Christmas 1727 and Christmas Navy'

Vol. 23. 1739;

18° Februarii.

A. 1739.

1739; and for multiplying Officers, or increasing of Salaries, or other Allowances relating to the Navy; with the Reasons for granting the said Orders.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table,-to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Charge of Mr. Biffe, from the Commissioners for victualling' his ofy'l?dSaS?rn,t Majesty’s Navy, presented to the House, pursuant to Office, &c. " their Order, art Account of the ordinary Charge of Managemertt for victualling his Majesty’s Navy for the Space of One Year, with the usual Rates and Allowances granted by his Majesty to the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty’s Navy, their Clerks and Officers employed under them, for the Years 1727, 1728, 1729 and 1739: And also.

An Account of what Orders have been made for new-erefiled Employments, between 1727, and

Christmas 1739; and for multiplying Officers, or increasing of Salaries, or other Allowances relating to the Victualling of his Majesty’s Navy; with the Reasons for granting the said Orders: And also.

An Account of what Money has been imprefted for Contingencies of the Victualling Office, for Seven Years lad part, with the particular Accounts of the Disposition thereof, distiuguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of what Imprefts for Contingencies of the Victualling Office are not cleared, with an Account of what Directions have been given for clearing the fame: And also,

An Account of what Money has been applied, from Michaelmas 1730 to this Time, towards paying any Taxes on the Salaries of the Commissioners, and other Officers of *the Victualling Offices; out of what Fund; and by what Authority; distinguishing each Year.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Stoken A Bill for continuing and making more effectual an \ lurch Hill, Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Jec, Road*. Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from the Top of Stoken Church Hill to Ettjlow Bridge, and the Road from Wheatley , through the City

of Oxon, by Bsgbrook, to New , in the County of Oxon (except the Mile Way on each Side of the said City); and for repairing the Road from the Crown Ale House, to the Turnpike on Stoken Church Hill aforesaid; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Dr. Butler, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mr. Carcw, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Mr. Mr

toell, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Charles Sir Wm. Irby, Mr.

Wright, Mr. Prohy, Mr. Hampden, Sir James , Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Charles Vernon, Mr.

Mr. Corbett, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Mr. Waller,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Harvey; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Bucks, Berks, Worcester, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Staiue* Mr. Scawen reported from the Committee, to whom

Bridge, the Petition of the Gentlemen and others. Inhabitants residing in those Parts of the Counties of Surry and Middllsex respectively, which adjoin or lie near to Staines Bridge, in the said Counties, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition: And, to prove Allegations thereof,

20

An Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of King the Eighth, intituled, An Act concerning the Bridge of Staines, was read; by which it appeared, that the Chancellor of England {or the Time being, or Keeper of the King's Great Seal, and their Successors, had Power to depute and appoint Two, Three, or Four more Persons, of the Town and Parish of Staines, to take and receive the Toll and Custom, ufedforTime immemorial to be paid, as well for Carts and Horses laden with Merchandize, and other Stuff, carried over and upon the Bridge of the said Town, as of Barges coming underneath the said Bridge, and to employ the same in repairing the said Bridge, and also a Causeway extending from the said Town to the Town of Egham, in the County of Surry; and to render a yearly Account thereof to the said Chancellor or Keeper for the Time being, or before such Perforts as he should depute and appoint, between the Feasts of St. Michael the Archangel and All Saints.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners laid before your Committee an attested Copy of an Act, passed in the 39th Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the betterMaintenance and well Keeping of Staines Bridge and Egharrt Causeway, being the Highway from

London unto the West Parts of England-, by which it appeared, that the Chancellor of England for the Time being, or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, and their Successors, have the Deputation and Assignment of Four Persons, whereof Two to be of the Town or ParifTi of Gainey aforesaid, and the other Two of the Tow n or1 Parilli of Egham aforesaid, and the said Four to take and receive, by themselvesor their Deputy or Deputies; the Toll and Custom usually paid for passing over and going under the said Bridge, and to employ the same upon the Reparation and Making of the said Bridge and Causeway; and thereof to yield Account to the said Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seal for the Time being, or before such Persons as heshall depute and assign,yearly, between the Feasts of St. Michael the Archangel and Saints; and, by Default of the Four Persons aforesaid in gather-' ing, or not well employing, the said Toll, the Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seal for the Time being hath Power to inflid a Penalty upon them, or any of them, in whom such Default shall be found, as aforesaid, not exceeding Ten Pounds; the same to be levied by Distress, by such Person or Persons as shall be nominated by the said Chancellor or keeper of the Great Seal for the Time being, and to be employed for maintaining the said Bridge and Causeway.

Mr. Daniel Atwick, being examined, said, That the Tolls and Duties payable for passing over, and going under, the said Bridge, was farmed at ^.63 per Annum.

That the Charge to the Land Tax was at ;£.6o per Annum-, which, at Two Shillings s. d. in the Pound, amounts to - - - 6 — —

That the Poors Rate was Six Pence in the Pound; and generally Three, and sometimes Four Rates in a Year; and that the Remainder was not sufficient to amend, maintain, and support the said Bridge and Causeway in good Order and Repair.

Mr. PhilipStone, Bridge-matter, being examined, said.

That Part of the said Bridge was repaired Iaft Year, during which time a Ferry was set up, and about Fourteen or Fifteen Pounds per Week taken from Passengers patting over the said Ferry, which has not as yet been accounted for; and that other Parts of the said Bridge was at present very much out of Repair.

Mr. Fi-'ancis Brown, Carpenter, said, That the great Arch of the said Bridge was so much decayed, that it was not safe for Carriages to go over the same; and that Part of the said Bridge, on that Side the great Arch which stands next Middlesex, is also much decayed, and will want rebuilding in about Six or Seven Years.

That, by an Estimate of the Expence that he had made of repairing the large Arch, £. s. d. it would cost about - 356 14 8

And for the rest, on Middlesex Side, including Ferryage, and all Charges - - 380 — —

Mr.

Duochorch

Road.

StiTichall

lucJofure*

Recovery of (bull Debts,

Qualification of Members.

High Price of Coals.

18° Februarii.

4^5

13 Geo. II.

Mr. Timothy Harris, Mr. John Hart, Mr. Henry Rrumbridge, Mr. John Cater, and Mr. James Lave, being severally examined, said. That the Causeway extending from Staines Bridge, to the Town Of is

now in a bad Condition, and in great Danger of being broke through by the Thames’, which, if it should, several Thousand Acres will be overflowed in the Parishes of Egham, Thor/te, and Chertfea, and render some Part

of the great Western Road impalTable.

Mr. Timothy Harris further said, That upon high Waters he has been several times obliged to employ all his Servants and Horses to carry Dung and Planks to support and keep up the said Causeway, which they effected with very great Difficulty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an A fit, pa (fed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the better Maintenance and well Keeping of Staines Bridge and Egham Causeway, being the Highway from Ijjiidod to the West Parts of England:And that Mr. Scaioen, Mr.

Pultency, Colonel Onslow, and Sir Francis do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Highy presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and given by an Afit, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from in the County of Warwick, to the Bottom of Meriden Hill, in the same Counry; and for making the said Act moreeffefiiual: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Charles Mordaunt presented to the House,according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields in the Parish of alias Stic in

the County of the City of Coventry: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hungerford presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more easy and effectual Recovery of small Debts: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Sir John Rufhout, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effefitual, an Afit, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons: And the same was received; and read the First time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Petition of several of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, for the City and Liberty of Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, in Obedience to his Majesty’s Command, in pursuance of an Addrefe of this House, the Justices for the said City and Liberty have considered of the proper Means to put the Statute for regulating the Measures and.Prides of Coals in Execution; and that, for that Purpose, they sent for several of the principal Retailers of Coals, living within the said City and Liberty; and representing to the House the Refult of their Enquiry; That they find the Ibid.Retailers now fell their Coals for Three Pounds Twelve Shillings the Chaldron, since they have been obliged to pay Fifty Shillings in the Pool, Thirteen Shillings for Carriage, and other Charges for Metage, Wharfage, and Loading, amounting toTwo Shillings and Eight Pence more, besides the Second Charges they are at in re-delivering them to their Cullomers; and that it appeared there were not above Seventy-feveu Chaldrons

Vol. *3-

remaining in the Hanclsof Nine of the principal Dealers who attended the Petitioners (Two of whom had none); and that they all allured the Petitioners, That they were very certain all the rest of the Retailers in Westminster together were not Matters of the like Quantity ;.apd that Mr. Fin linfonparticularly declared. He had, with

great Difficulty, procured some Coals, on Wednesday the Thirteenth of this instant February; but was obliged to pay Fifty-six Shillings in the Pool, and take them without the Ingrain, which, he said, he could not fell under Three Pounds Fifteen Shillings the Chaldron, without Loss; and that it appeared to the Petitioners, That the Retailers had not hitherto fold for more than One Shilling and TenPence toTwo Shillings the Bushel, and for lefstill very lately; that, at the Beginning of the Frqft, they took no more than One Shilling and Four Pence the Bushel; and that their Price was always governed by that taken in the Pool; and that they have not charged for their Coals, during all the hard Weather, more by the Buftiel (in favour of the Poor) than they have fold for by the Chaldron; and that the Retailers all declared. They did believe, from the best Enquiry they could make, there were not Coals in the River, or on Shore, sufficient to supply the Town for a Fortnight; and that the great Wages paid for able Seamen, which have been raised from Thirty Shillings to Five Pounds and Five Pounds Ten Shillings the Voyage; the Restrifitions in the Protefitions granted to the Colliers, in which they are allowed but One able Seaman to an HundredTons; the impressing Men out of the Colliers in coming up the River; and the excessive Price of the Carriage, occasioned by the miserable Condition of the Streets; have unavoidably raised the Price of Coals, particularly in Westminster; and that the Retailersalfo observed, That, from the Deficiency of the Quantity of Coals brought this Year into the Port of Landau, and all their Stocks being exhausted, the Town cannot be supplied next Year, un-leis these Difficulties are speedily removed: And further representing to the House, That, on due Consideration of the Afit, passed in the ifith and 17th Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for regulating the M eafares and Prices of Coals, they apprehend they have no Jurisdifition to settle the Prices of Coals, which is thereby given to justices of the Peace for Counties only; but that, in case they had Jurisdifition, they could iK»t, as that Law now Hands, enforce it, for the Reasons following; for that the Statute gives no Power to the Justices to oblige any Retailer of Coals to appear before them, nor to examine him on Oath, or to produce his Books or Accounts, or to compel his Servant or other Personto give Evidence on Oath, whereby it might appear what Price he paid for his Coals, and what were the Charges accruing thereon; and that great Difficulties would arise in settling the Price (as Retailers cannot be compelled to.answer on Oath) in Cafes where several Parcels of Coals have been bought at different Times and Prices, and heaped together; and that no Penalty is laid on Persons felling at a higher Rate than what is settled by the Justices, nor any Directions given to publifti the Price; and when the Price is settled, if the Retailer refuses to comply with it, the Provision made for Entrance into his Wharf or House by Force, is so worded, that they cannot think it safe, either for themselves or Officers, to execute what is required of them; and further observing, That should the Retailers, by any future Afit, be subjefited to the Jurisdifition of the Justices of the Peace, the Petitioners apprehend it will be impossible for them effectually to reduce the exorbitant Price of Coals, and answer the good Intentions of the Legislature, if it shall be in the Power of any Set of Men, by Combinations, or any other Artifices, to fix what Price they please on Coals in the Pool, or at the Pits, whence the Cities of London and Westminster are supplied: And praying such Relief in the Prenul’es as to the House tliall seem meet.

The House was moved, That the First and Second Sefitions of an Afii,made in the 16th and 17th Years of die Reign of KingCV/ar/er the Second, intituled, An Act for

6 C regulating

18° Februarii

*: A. 1739.

regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Law* can- A Petition of several of his Majesty’s Justices of the earning Sea- peace> for the City and Liberty of was pre-

c* fented to the House, and read, setting forth, That the minfor. Petitioners having received the Directions of the Honfc, to take care, That the Scavengers keep the Streets free and open from all Nuisances, and that there may be no Obstructions to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from the House of Commons, find themselves obliged to lay the following Reasons before the House, why they are not capable of doing what is required of them: That by the Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of Kin glVilliamand Queen Mary, forcleanfmgthe Streets, there is no Penalty laid either on the Scavengers or Rakers, for not carrying away the StreetDirt: That the Justices being obliged to appoint such Persons as have most Voices or Hands at Parochial Meetings, the Inhabitants suffer great Losses and Inconveniencies by the Appointment of improper and insufficient Scavengers: That the Scavengers may agree on what Terms, and with what Rakers they please, without any Power given either to the Justices or Inhabitants to interpose: That, in Consequence of these Agreements, the Petitioners have great Reason to believe, the Scavengers in some Parishes have received Poundage of the Rakers for employing them, and in others, for a Sum of Money, wholly made over the Rate to the Rakers, and, at the End of the Year, have refused to give any other Account than their Receipts; by which means the Parishes have been defrauded of any Surplus on their Rates, the Scavengers have had no Regard to the Interest of their Parish in making their Contracts, and the Rakers, being under no Controul, are notoriously negligent in the Discharge of their Duty: That many Losses and Inconveniencies happen from the Scavengers not being compellable to give any Accounts of their Receipts and Payments, or (however insufficient they may be) to pay over the Money into safe Hands, till after the Expiration of the . Year: That under the present Laws the Scavengers cannot be restrained from paying the Rakers, though they do not their Duty: which the Justices apprehend to be One great Cause of their gross Neglect; but that was a Power given to flop Payment till the Rakers had effectually cleansed the Streets, the Petitioners imagine, it would have a better Effect, and be as strong an Inducement to them to do their Duty as any Penalty that should be laid upon them: That the Petitioners, as Justices, have no Power to remove the Nuisances and Obstructions in the Streets, and can proceed only by Indictment, as any other Person may do; which is very dilatory and expensive; and no Provision is made for defraying the Charges: And further representing to the House, That, for many Years past, great Difficulties have arisen in the Execution of the Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, relating to Vagrants, which are so well known, as to make it unnecessary to enter into the Particulars; and that they find by Experience, they cannot cure the Grievance, so justly com-lained of, until some more effectual Provision is made y the Wisdom of Parliament: And further representing to the House, besides the Defects already mentioned, the Difficulties and Discouragements the Justices of the Peace lie under in executing these and other Acts of Parliament, from the many Niceties and Forms of Laws, wherein, if they happen to bemiftaken(as thegreateft Lawyers have often been), they are as liable, in many Cafes, to Actions, as if they had acted contrary to their Duty; and that this still.. the greater Hardship, as there are no Forms of Convictions, Rates, Orders, or Warrants of Distress, settled and approved of, under which they might act with more Security: And praying such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. 15

Mr. Pear ft, from the Commissioners oflhe Navy, pre- New-ercfle4 fented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Ac- Employ-count of what Orders have been made for new-erected Hllls re* Employments between Christmas 1727 and C/iriJimds 10 1739, and (or multiplying Officers, or increasing of Salaries or other Allowances relating to the Navy; with the Reasons for granting the said Orders: And also,

An Account of what Money has been imprefted for Navy-Office Contingencies of the Navy Office, for Seven Years last Comiogmtie*. past; with the particular Accounts of the Disposition thereof; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of what Money has been imprefted for NavvTre*. Contingencies of the Treasurer of the Navy's Office, for forers Con-Seven Years lad past-;. with the particular Accounts of tinSe"clrt> the Disposition thereof; distinguishingeach Year: And also.

An Account of what Money has been applied, from Taxes, fcr.of Michaelmas 1730, towards paying any Taxes on the Navy Corn-Salaries of the Commissioners and oilier Officers of the B>lfl‘onets» Admiralty, Navy, and Treasurer of the Navy Oflieefc; out of what Fund, and by what Authority; distingoifli-ing each Office, and each Year; And abo, ✓

An Account of the Charge of Workmanship, and Mooring Value of Materials, that have been applied to the Re- Chaius,&c. pairs of Mooring Chains or Buoy Ropes, in the Year 1739: And also,

A11 Account of Workmanship, and Value of Mate- Harbour rials, that have been applied to the Repairs of Harbour Moorings Moorings, Harbour Rigging, and ordinary Repairs of his Majesty’s Ships, Docks, and Buildings, in the Year 1 739: And also,

An Account of the Charge of Workmanship, and Repairs of Value of Materials,that have been applied to the Repairs Ships,

of his Majesty’s Ships in Ordinary, in the Year 1739.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accountsdolie upon tile Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. 1

The said Accounts except the Aceountofwhal Money has been applied from Michaelmas 1730, towards paying any Taxes on the Salaries of the Coinmif-iioriers and other Officers of the Admiralty, Navy, and Treasury of the Navy Offices; which, by reason of a M iftake therein, was afterwards withdrawn; by Order of the House, in order to the prefeuting a perfect Account) are bound up with the other Papers of this Session. 1

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the DukeoP whole House, upon the Bill to explain and enlarge the Ck-n-lamPs several Powers, for appointing Portions, and settling "e^oint Jointures, which are contained in certain LettersPatent, p0moiuT bearing Date the Twenty-second Day of October, in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, whereby certain yearly Pensions, iffuiugout of the hereditary Revenue of the Excise, do now stand limited to William Duke of Cleveland, and Charles Duke of Grafton, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies ref* peClively.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Winningtontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, Thatthis House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the said Bill.-

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

13 Geo. II.

Mart'iSy 190 die;

Impropriators, and the Proprietors of the said Lands: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Anno 130 Georgii IId‘ Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

Rett*fWorth's "\/fR. Hay reported from the Committee, to whom Name, JlVJ. the Bill to enable Thomas Esquire,

and his Heirs Male, to take and nfe the Surname of Bilfon, pursuant to the Will of Leonard Bilfon Esquire, deceased,- was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Colcheftrr A Bill for further enlarging the Term granted by an Channel Act, of the Ninth and Tenth Years of 1 he Reign of King Navigation. William the Third, for clean sing and making navigable

the Channel from the Hat to Wivenhoe; find for making the said Act, and another Act, of the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Terra granted by the said Act, of the Ninth and Tenth Years of King William the Third, more effectual *, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Captain Martin, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Mr. Proby, Mr. Rorv-

ney, Mr. Holden, Sir Abraham Elton, Mr. Lehcup, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Turner, Mr. Mr. Hungerford, Mr.

Wilkinson, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Mr. Earle,

Mr. Clarke, Lord Sidney) Beau clerk, Mr. Mr.

Danvers, Mr. Kc-ene, Sir Joseph Pennington, Mr. Linde-Jay, Mr. Barrel, Mr. Vere, Colonel Onjloio, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Kent, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Price, Mr. Mr.

Bramfon, Mr. I^ockitmod, Mr. Mr. Brajfey, Sir

Thomas Clarke, Mr. Brereton, Sir Lord

Gage, Dr. Butler, Mr. Gore, Mr. Affleck, Sir Charles Mo; daunt, Mr. Archer, Mr. Harley, Lord Guernsey, Mr.

Medlyco/t, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Hay, Sir JVm. Courtenay, Mr. Carew. Mr. Kinaston, Mr. Mr. Pollen, Sir Roger Brad/haigh, Sir James Grant; and all the Members who fei ve for the Counties of Effcr, Middlesex, and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Grant of Mr. Careio reported from the Committee, to whom the

Ground for Bill to enable Sir William Aforice Baronet to grant to rebuilding the Incumbent of the Parish Church of Werington, in the Churih.,on County of Devon, and hisSuccessors, and the Parish ioners of the said Parish, a Piece of Ground belonging to the capital Mefluageof We, in the said County, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Dunkeeling Mr. Wilkinfonpresented to the House, according to &c. Order, a Bill for making DiviGons, Inclosures, and al-laclosure. Jotments, of the open Corn Fields and Common Pasture in the Lordfh ip of Bexoho othervvi fe in the Pa-

rift) of Nunkeeling, in the County of York-, and for settling

and establifiling the Payment of a yearly Sum to the Impropriators of the Rectory of Nunkeeling aforesaid, and their Heirs, in lieu of Tythes arising within the said Lordship, pursuant to an Agreement between the said Vol. 23.

Mr. Francis Fane, presented to the House, according Supply Bill; to Order, a Bill for granting to his Majesty the Sum of Sinking One Million out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of tun<1, the Year 17.40; and for enabling his Majesty to raise the further Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds out of the growing Produce of the said Fund: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants and Land- Dunehurck holders of the Parishes of Saint Michael and the Holy Road. Trinity, in the City of Coventry, whose Names are there-uuto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Corporation of the said City are possessed of several Lands and Tenements, out of the Profits whereof they have repaired the Causeways, lying out of, and nigh to, the said City, and in the Turnpike Road leading from Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick, to the Bottom of Meriden Hill, in the said Count}'; and that no other Person or Persons have repaired the same in the Memory of Man; and that an Information is preferred, and now depending in his Majesty’s High Court of Chancery, in the Name of the Attorney General, at the Relation of several Inhabitants of the said Parishes of Michael

and the Holy Trinity, and others, Trustees of the said Turnpike Road, in order to compel the said Corporation ftillto repair the said Causeways, and to give an Account how they have laid out the Profits of the Lands au;l Tenements, which are appropriated for the Repairs of the Roads nigh to, and out of, the said City; and to have a proportionable Part of the Profits of the said Lands and Tenements allotted towards the Repair of the said Causeways, lying within the said Road: And therefore praying, That no Clause may be added in the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Dunchurch to the Bottom of Meriden IIill\ thereby to prejudice the Relators in the said Information, or otherwise to damage the Petitioners as to the Repairs of the said Causeways, lying out of the said City, and within the said Turnpike Road; and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to this House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of the Corporation of the City of Coventry), and others, the Citizens and Inhabitants of the said City, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town r Dun of Kingston upon Hull, was presented to the House, Negation,

and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are appre-henfive. That the Navigation of the River Dun will admit of no Improvement equivalent to the additional Burden and Charge of all Merchandize parting the reby, that mud attend the Expence of removing the Shallows therein; and that, after all that can be done, the said River cannot be made navigable at Neap Tides or in dry Seasons for Boats and Vessels of greater Burden than are now used therein; and that now there is always Water enough in the said River to navigate the same in wet Seasons or at Spring Tides; and that great Quantities of Corn, Coals, and other Commodities, are frequently brought down the said River from Duncq/lcr, and the neighbouring Country, to the Port of Hull, the Price whereof will be greatly inhanced.by any additional Toll; and that the Exportation of Corn (which is so beneficial to the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom) will be thereby, in a great measure, prevented; and that therefore the Petitioners conceive, That if the Bill, depending in the House, to improve the Navigation


Dun Nai igation.

Preservation of Salmon Fisheric*

Naturalization of foreign Pro^ left aim settled in America.

Supply; Persons to attend.

Persons having Pensions held in Trull for them, ineligible to be Members.

Supplying London with Coals.

468 19° Februarii. 1759.

of the River Dun, from Wilfickin the Parish of Barmby Dun, In the County of York, to Ferry,

in the same County, lliould pass into a Law1, it will be highly prejudicial to Trade, Navigation, and Tillage: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Merchants and TradersoftheTown of Manchester, and Parts adjacent, in behalf of themselves and several others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners fend great Quantities of Goods and Merchandizes down the River Dun, and receive also great Quantities of Goods and Merchandizes from foreign Parts, which are brought up the said River; and that the Petitioners are informed, That the Proprietors of the River Dun are now applying to the House for further Powers, and additional Lock Dues, on the Navigation of the said River; which will be a Burden and Hardship upon the Petitioners, the Rates and Dues already granted by Parliament being more than sufficient to perfect the said Navigation, and bring sufficient Profit to the said Proprietors: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may he heard,by themselves or Counsel, against the Bill to improve the Navigation of the River Dun, from Wilfick House, in the Parish of Barmby Dun, in the County of York, to Fif dock

Ferry, in the same County, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be* heard, by their Counsel, upon their said Petition, before the said Committee, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inftrnftion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same time, in favour of t he said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr . Hungerford presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Preservation of the Salmon and Trout Fisheries within this Kingdom: And the same was.received; and read the Fird time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill intituled, An Act for naturalizing such foreign Protestants, and others therein mentioned, as are settled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty’s Colonies in America.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as fol- ‘ lows; viz.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney do'carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hathagreed to the Amendments made by their Lorddiips.

Ordered, That the Comptroller of his Majesty’s Navy do attend, Tomorrow Morning, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to condder further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Surveyor of his Majesty’s Navy do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring ina Bill 'for making more effectual the Laws now in being for disabling Persons from being chosen Members of, or fitting or voting in, the House of Commons, who have any Pension, during Pleasure or for any Number of Years, or any Offices held in Trud for them: And that Mr. Sandys and the Lord Polworthdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of Methods for the better accommodating the Cities of London and Wefm infer with Coals: And that

they do report their Opinion therein to the House:

t.5

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Mr.

White, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. HMr. Boives, Mr. Hed-worth, Sir Henry Liddell, Mr. Montagu, Sir -

out, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Henry Archer, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Wil Mr. Bathurji, Mr, Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Roivney, Sir Sir John

Ilynde Cotton, Sir Wm.Carero, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Harley, Mr. Soufhzvell, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Gybbon,

Mr. Noel, Mr. Homy Bathurji, Lord Sidney Lord GuernJ'ey:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all that come to the Committee are to have Voices: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Notice being taken of a Mistake, occasioned by the Transcriber’s Neglect, in the Account Yederday presented to the House, of what Money has been applied, from Michaelmas 1730, towards paying any Taxes on the Salaries of the Cotnniilfiqners and other Officers of the Admiralty, Navy, and Treasury of the Navy Offices; out of what Fund, and by what Authority; distinguishing each Office, and each Year;

Ordered, That the said Account be withdrawn, in order to the presenting a perfect Account.

And the said Account being withdrawn;

Mr. Pearfe, from the Commissioners of the Navy,

presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Money has been applied, from’ chaelmas 1730, towards paying any Taxes on the Salaries of the Admiralty, Navy, and Treasury of the Navy Offices; out of what Fund, and by what Authority $ distinguishing each Office, and each Year.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

Ordered, That the Petition of several of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster,which was Yesterday presented to the House, and ordered to lie upon the Table, be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of Methods for the better accommodating the Cities of London and Westminster with Coals; and to report their Opinion therein to the House: And°that they do examine the Matter of the said Petition, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Bill for registering all Seamen, Watermen, Fiflier-men, Lightermen, Keelmen, Bargemen, and Seafaring-Men, capable of Service at Sea, throughout his Majesty’s Dominions, was, according to Order, read a Secondtime.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being' pro-pOfed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Heads of a Bill for the further and better Encouragement of Seamen to enter voluntarily into his Majesty’s Service; '

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Qitef-tion, by leaving out the Words *ithls House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into :"

And the Questionbeing put. That those Words (land Part of the Quefi ion;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas 1 ellers for the l eas,| Mr: } 7I-

Tellers for the Noes \ Mr* ^ramPn> tellers lor the Aoes.J Mf So it was resolved in the Affirmative. Then the main Question being put; j 63-

Resolved.

0

Account

withdrawn,

High Prict

of Coals.

Registering of Seamen, &c.

Encouraging Seamen to volunteer.

J

13 Geo. II.

190 — -30°

4^9

Rejoked, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- the Counties of Kent and Sussex, whose Names are there-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 'unto subscribed, was referred, Th&t the Cdmmittee had House, to consider of Heads of a Bill, for the farther examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di-and better Encouragement of Seamen to enteyvolunta- reeled him to report the fame, as it appeared to-them,

— . - 1 _ — . m a. m A _ ii. _ _ — O_* — 4 A 1^, rv LJ am iVv _ A «% ^1 I-A A MA A '4 A U AW A M 4 I \ A, a A W

Removal of Grierfoii’a Disability by Attainder.

rily into.his Majesty s Service.

The other Order of the Pay being read: ,

Evolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill; to.enable William the

eldest Son of Sir Robert Grierson, of Fag, Baronet, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to( remove any Disability m him, by

Vazeiile’s, Ac. Nat.

to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition: ‘And to prove the Allegations thereof, the Agent foi-' the Petitioners laid before the Committee,

An Act of Parliament, passed in the 16th and 17th Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, foi*

reason, of hisisaid Attainder, to take or in her it. any real making the River Medway navigable in the Counties of or personal Estate that may have defeended qr otherwise Kent and Sitfex; whereby it appeared, That several come to him since his late Majesty’s most gracious Par- Powers were given to certain Persons therein named, to doq, dated the 29th pay of, June^, in the.Tweffth Year of make the said River and Streams running the reinto his Reign, or thatdudl hereafter defend or( qlhqrvyife;, navigattey rn such manner as is therein limited and come to him. , directed:1 And Commissioners were also appointed, with

" _ Pbwer to adjudge and determine proper Satisfaction to

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow a|| Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for any Loss

r Damage to be by them sustained, in making the said River and Streams navigable; with Power to appoint new Commissioners, in the stead of those dying or refusing to act. ';

It appeared to the Committee, That hiot any of the several Powers given by the said Act, or any Part thereof, had been carried into Bsibcntion; and also, That thefeve-(^HRISTIAN Schutletook the Oaths appointed, in ral Persons authorized thereby to make the said River order to his Naturalization. and Streams navigable, as likewise the several Commissioners therein named and appointed arefince dead, with-

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii) 20 0 die Ey

Georgii IIdi Regis, 1739.

Anno 13 Prayers.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizuig Antony Stephen

SaintandrJ: '

And the said Amendments Wqre Fead,;. and are as follow; viz.

Press i.L. 6. Leave out " and :!

out proper Successors being appointed, hi their, dead, in such manner as'‘by the said Act is directed; so that the several Powers therein mentioned cannot be enforced.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners called the following Witnesses; viz.V A '

Mr. John Douglas, being examined, find. That there'

are great Quantities of Oak Timber growing in the

L. 8. After " France," insert " John George Wealds of Kent and (through which Counties* the

" Dollfufs, Son of Philip Dollfufs, by Martha his Wife, said River and Streams run), of great Value; and in feve-born at Mullhaufen in Switzerland; Antony Aubert, ral'of the Timber Trees there is Three or Four Load in " Son of James Aubert, by Jane his Wife, born at Ge- a Tree; which is allowed by the Ship Builders to be the

" neva; Maurice Margarot, Son of John Margarot,by , belt in the Kingdom for several Purposes, and particularCatherine his Wife, born at Marfilhargues in Lari- foi- tlieUfe of his Majesty’s Navy; but, by re'Mon of " gucdoc-, Antony Laport, Son of Raymond Laport, by' the Badness of the Roads in those Parts, the same cannot " Catherine his Wife, born at Montauban in France; be conveyed to Market, but at a great Expence, the "and James Auriol, Son of John Lewis Auriol, by; price being One Shilling per Load for every Mile the " Olympe Bonefoiis his \\ife, born at Cajlres in Uigji^ same is conveyed by Land; and it frequently happens,

" Languedoc Albigcois in France: ’ that in some Years there is not above One or Two

L- 18. Leave out " and

L. 19. After " Saint andre,"insert "John,

" George Dollfufs, Antony Aubert, Maurice Margarol,

" Antony Laport, and James Auriol L. 29. Leave out " and L. 30. After Saint andre f insert f*John

" George Dollfufs, Antony Aubert, Maurice Margarot,

" Antony Laport, and James Auriol.

Pr. 2. L. 16. Leave out "and;" and, after " Saint-

"andre," insert " John George Dollfufs, Antony Aubert,

" Maurice Margarot, Antony Laport, and James Auriol"

L. 23, Leave out " and L. 26. After " Saintandrc," insert " John

Months (and that generally in Hay or Corn Harvest) to carry away such Timber which had been felled.

And he further testified, That he has frequently known Timber, which had been contracted for, lie Two and Three Years,before it could be removed from the Places where the same was felled: And he added. That a Builder contracted with him, near Two Years lince, for some Timber; but the Witness has not been able to perform the fame; so that the Builder was obliged to furnish himself with Timber at another Place.

And he further said, That the making the said River navigable (which is about 15 Miles by Water from Maid-fane to Tunbridge, and 14 Miles by Land, and from Tunbridge to Forrejl Row about 17 Miles by Water, and

" George Dollfufs, Antony Aubert, Maurice Margarotf 15 Miles by Land) will be of great Advantage to the " Antony Laport, and James AuriolPublick, and to Trade in general; and of great Use in In the Title of the Bill, L. 2. Leave out " and:" conveying of Iron Ordnance, Balls, Timber, and other

And, at the End of the Title, add and others." Materials, made, forged, and provided in the Places ad-

The said Amendments, being Severally read a Second jacent, for his Majesty’s Service, which may then be con-time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, veyed at all times of the Year to any of the Dock-yards, agreed to by the House. at One-half of the Expence they are at present.

Ordered, That Mr. Horfmonden Turner do carry the And the Witness also said, That the excessive Price of

Medway

Navigation.

Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That.this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Polhill reported from the Committee to whom tht Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Clergy, Gen-

Land-carriage for Timber and Wood, and the Difficulty of conveying the same away, hath induced many Persons in those Parts to cut downtheyoungTellersinthe Hedge Rows, and to grub up their Coppice Woods, which generally are full of Timber, and convert the same into Tillage; which, when the said River is made navigable, tlemen, Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants, of the young Tellers will be preserved, and the Underwoods VOL.23. 6 D converted

20® Februarii.

47°

converted into Charcoal, and sent to a proper Market at all times; by which means the Woods in those Parts, as also One of the best Nurseries of Timber, will be preserved, which otherwise is likely to be loft.

Mr. Francis Aujlen, being examined, confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. ,relating to the Badness

of the Roads, and of Timber having laid Two or Three Years, after the same bad been felled, before it could be carried away; as also the great Benefit and Advantage that it will be to the said Counties, and the Publick in general, by making the said River navigable.

JohnBowra, being examined, said. That he had taken a Level of the intended Navigation, which is Fifteen Miles and One Quarter by Water, and 14 Miles by Land; and that there is 64 Feet Fall from the Town of Tunbridge to the Town of Maidstone aforesaid, and may be made navigable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to revive, explain, and amend an Act, made in the 16th and 17th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for making the River Medway navigable, in the Counties of Kent and Su/fex: And that Mr. Polhill, Mr.

Mr. Gregory, the Earl of Middlesex, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Gybboti, Mr. Fairfax, Sir Thomas , and Mr. Glanville, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Olier’i Nat. A Bill for naturalizing IsaacOlier, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fere, Mr. Fane, Mr. Henly, Mr. , Mr. Treby, Mr.

Thompson, Mr. Afordnunt, Captain Townshend, Mr Mr. More, Mr. Gildart, Sir Thomas Clarke, Mr. , Mr. Bradjhaigh, Mr Harley, Sir James Grant, Sir

Mordaunt, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Earle, Mr.

Bramston, Mr, Myddelton, Mr. Corbett, Mr.

Earle, Sir Henry Hoghton, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Blagrave, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Rushout, Mr. Polhill,

Mr. Powys, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Kinaston, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Longueville, Mr. Hedwor Sir Robert Munroe, Mr. Packer, Mr. Trefujis, Lord Glenorchy: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of Christian Schutte, which was presented to the House upon Thursday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Second Reading of the said Bill, be referred to the said Committee: And that they do admit the Petitioner into the said Bill, if they think fit.

Privilege. A Complaint being made to the House, That Thomas Parry and John Jones, Bailiffs, have arrested Thonfas Jones, a menial Servant to John Myddelton Esquire, a Member of this House, upon a Writ issued out of his Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, at the Suit of Edwards, in an Action wherein one John Jones is Solicitor, and another John Jones is Attorney, for the Plaintiff, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Pri-

A. 1739.

vileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One Supply Bill; Million out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Sinking Year 1740; and for enabling his Majesty to raisethe' Fum1, further Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds out of the growing Produce of the said Fund, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Reftreininr the whole House, to whom the Bill to restrain and pre- the Increar* vent the excessive Increase of HorseRaces, is committed,

That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 12th Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing excessive and deceitful Gaming.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Duke «f resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain and enlarge the appoiut Pot* several Powers for appointing Portions, and settling tion*. Jointures, which are contained in certain Letters Patent, bearing Date the I2d Day of October, in the 26th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, whereby certain yearly Pensions, issuing out of the Hereditary Revenue of the Excise, do now Hand limited to William Duke of Cleveland and Charles Duke of Grafton, and the

Heirs Male of their Bodies respectively, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Winning ton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Winningtonreported from the Committee, That

they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, That the Account of what Extra Navy Payments the Treasurer of the Navy had made for Payments. Seven Years last past, by extra Orders to them from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of the Exchequer, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly:

And is as follows; viz.

Treasury Office of the Navy, TAn ACCOUNT, of what Payments the Treasurers of the Navy have made, for 18th February 1739-40. 3 Seven Years last past, by Extra Orders to them from the Commissioners for

executing the Office of Treasurer of the Exchequer; prepared in pursuance of an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 5th of February

*739-

Paid by the Lord Viscount To Anfony Hammond Esquire, late a Commissioner of the Navy, in Considera-Torrington, late Treasurer of tion of his having demeaned himself well as such, and of his being, by Accidents the Navy, to Lady-day 1734, and Misfortunes, reduced to low Circumstances, and of the like Relief having and by Arthur Onjmo Esquire, been given before to such Officers labouring under the like Circumstances, an the present Treasurer, after- Annuity of Two hundred and Fifty Pounds per Annum; to be paid out of any wards, Monies being and remaining, from time to time, in the Hands of the Treasurer of

the Navy, that might be applied to that Service by virtue of a Warrant, signed the 5th of September 1729, by her late Majesty Queen Caroline, as Guardian of the , Realm, and countersigned by the Right honourable the Lords of the Treasury, and continued to Lady-day 1739; soon after which he died.


' 13 Geo. II. 20° Februarii 471

Paid \>y the Lord Viscount Torrington, late Treasurer of the Navy, to Midsummer 17.33, and by Arthur Onslow Esquire, the present Treasurer, afterwards.

Paid by the Lord Viscount Torrington, late Treasurer of the Navy, out of Monies remaining in his Hands,

Paid by Arthur Onslow Esquire, present Treasurer of the Navy,

Paid by Arthur Onjloto Esquire, present Treasurer of the Navy,

Paid by the Lord Viscount Torrington, late Treasurer of the Navy, out of Monies remaining in his Hands,

Paid by Arthur Onslow Esquire, present Treasurer of the Navy,

To the . honourable Sir Charles Wager Knight, First Commissioner of the Admiralty, the usual additional Salary of Two thousand Pounds per Annum, in pursuance of Warrants under his Majesty’s Royal Sign Manual, dated the 15th February 1732-3, and the 23d of July 1734, and countersigned by the Right honourable the Lords of the Treasury j the said Salary to be paid out of Monies arising by the Sale of old Stores; and, in Defect of that, out of any Monies for the Service of the Navy; but to be replaced out of Monies arising by the After-sale of old Stores.

To Robert Byng Esquire, late Receiver General of the Rights and Perquisites

of the Admiralty, Two thousand Four hundred Sixty-eight Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine Pence Farthing, in Discharge of the Surplusage upon his Account of the said Rights and Perquisites; the said Payment being made to him by virtue of a Warrant under his Majesty’s Royal Sign Manual, dated the 11th of August 1734, and countersigned by the Right honourable the Lords of the Treasury, directing the said Payment to be made out of such Monies remaining in the late Treasurer of the Navy’s Hands as might be applied to that Service.

To Sir John Norris Knight, Admiral and Commander in Chief of the Fleet, the Sum of One thousand Five hundred Pounds, in Consideration of the extraordinary Charge and Expence he was at under that Commission, the then last Summer: Paid in pursuance of a Warrant under his Many’s Royal Sign Manual, dated the 21st December 1734, and countersigned by the Right honourable the Lords of the Treasury, directing the said Payment to be made out of any Monies in the Treasurer -of the Navy’s Hands, which might be applied to that Service.

To the said Sir John Norris, the like Sum of One thousand Five hundred Pounds, in Consideration of the extraordinary Expence and Charge he had been and should be at, in his then Expedition to Lisbon: Paid in pursuance of a Warrant signed the 26th of April 1735, by her late Majesty Queen Caroline, as Guardian of the Realm, and countersigned by the Right honourable the Lords of the Treasury, directing the said Payment to be made out of any Monies in the Treasurer of the Navy’s Hands, which might be applied to that Service.

To Thomas Corbett Esquire, nominated and appointed, by the Court of Assistants of the Charity for Relief of poor Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy, to be the Secretary to attend them in performing the Business appertaining to the said Court, the Sum of One thousand Pounds, and to William Corbett Esquire, nominated and appointed Paymaster of the said Charity, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; the said Sums of One thousand Pounds, and Five hundred Pounds, as a Recompence to the said Thomas Corbett and William Corbett, for the Attendance, Care, Pains, and Expences, that the conducing and carrying on their said respective Businesses have required, and of all Claims and Demands whatsoever, in respect thereof, from the Date of his Majesty’s Commission under the Great Seal of Great Britain, for establishing the said Charity, being from the 30th of August 1732, to the 30th of 1737; which Two

Sums were paid in pursuance of a Warrant under his Majesty’s Royal Sign Manual, dated the 25th of October 1737, and countersigned by the Right honourable the Lords of the Treasury, directing the Payment thereof out of any Monies remaining in the Hands of the late Treasurer of the Navy.

To the said Thomas Corbett the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and the said William Corbett the Sum of Fifty Pounds, for one Half Year's Allowance to them, as Secretary and Paymaster as aforesaid; in pursuance of a Warrant under his Majesty’s Royal Sign Manual, dated the 14th of August 1739, and countersigned by the Right honourable the Lords of the Treasury, directing the Treasurer of the Navy to pay, out of the Money arising by the Sale of old Provisions, and other Stores appertaining to the Office of the Victualling of the Navy, the Sum of Two hundred Pounds per Annum, to the abovesaid Thomas Corbett, and One hundred Pounds per Annum to the abovesaid William Corbett, as a Recompence for their Attendance, Care, and Expences, in performing their respective Trusts.

Torrington. Ar.' Onslow.

New-er*sted Employ-menu in Victualling Office,

The House was also moved, That Part of the Account of what Orders have been made for new-eretted Employments, between Christmas 1727 and Christmas 1739, and for multiplying Officers, or increasing of Salaries, or other Allowances relating to the Vi£tualling of his Majesty’s Navy, with the Reafoas for granting the said Orders (which Part of the Account relates to a Salary of Two hundred Pounds per Annum, out of Money arising

from the Sale of old Provisions and Stores, to Thomas Corbett Esquire, as Secretary to the Court of Assistants for Relief of the poor Widows of Sea Officers, allowed to him by his Majesty s Royal Sign Manual, dated the 14th August 1739, and the Keafons for the said Allowance), might be read.

And that Part of the Account was read accordingly.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

Vol. 2$.

London

47* 2 c? FebruariLA. 1739.

London, Victualling Office, 16th February 1739.

An ACCOUNT of what Orders have been made for new-erected Employments between Christmas 1727 and Christmas 1739, and for multiplying Officers, or increasing of Salaries, or other Allowances relating to the Victualling of his Majesty’s Navy, with the Reasons for granting the said Orders. Prepared in pursuance to an Order from the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 5th Instant.

There have been no new Employments erected in the ViCtuallingOflicebetween Christmas 1727 and

1739, the Increase of Salaries and other Allowances during that Time is undermentioned.

At the Port of London.

A Clerk under the Officer for keeping a Charge on Pursers: His Salary raised from £.40 to £.50 per num, by Order of the Commissioners for Victualling, 18th November 1728.

A Clerk under the Officer for keeping a Charge on the Accounts of the Treasurer, and assigning Bills: His Salary raised from £.40 to £.50 per Annum, by Order of the Commissioners for Victualling, the 25th November 1734.

A Clerk under the Clerk of the Bakehouse: H is Salary raised from £.40 to £<*50 per , by Order of the Commissioners for Victualling, 24th February 1728.

Chief Clerk for Hating and passing the Pursers Accounts removed from the Navy Office, whose Salary is £.100 per Annum.

Another Clerk removed at the same time, whose Salary is £.50 per Annum, by Order of the Admiralty, the 5th April 1731.

There is paid out of Money arising from the Sale of old Stores, £.200 per Annum, to Thomas Corbett Esquire, as Secretary to the Court of Assistants for Relief of the poor Widows of Sea Officers, and £.100 per Annum to William Corbett Esquire, as Paymaster of the said Charity.

There are at present the following Extra Clerks employed, without whose Assistance the Business could not be carried on; and they will be discharged so soon as the Service will admit thereof.

A Clerk under the Matter Cooper, by Order of the Commissioners for Victualling, at £.40 per Annum.

Another at £.30 per Annum, by Minute of the Commissioners for Victualling, 5th December 1739.

At the Port of Port/mouth.

Two Clerks under the Agent, at £.30 per Annum, increased to £.40 each.

TwoClerks under the Storekeeper, at £ 30per Annum, increased to £.40 each.

Two Clerks under the Cheque, at £.30 increased to £.40 each.

One Clerk under the Matter Cooper, at £.30 per Annum, increased to £.40.

At the Port of Plymouth.

Chief Clerk under the Agent, his Salary i ncreased from £.40 to £.50 a Year.

Another Clerk under the Agent, his Salary increased from £.30 to £.40 a Year.

Two Clerks under the Storekeeper, at£.30 per Annum, increased to £.40 each.

A Clerk under the Cheque, at £.30 a Year, increased to £.40.

The Clerk of the Brewhouse, his Salary increased from £.25 to £.35 a Year.

The Cheques Clerk for the Brewhouse Affairs, increas ed from £.25 to £.35 a Year.

At the Port of Chatham

Chief Clerk to the Agent, his Salary raised from £.40 to £.50 per Annum.

Another Clerk under the Agent, his Salary increased from £.30 a Year to £.40.

Clerk under the Storekeeper, his Salary increased from £.30 a Year to £.40.

One extra Clerk under the Agent at PortJ'mouth, by* Order of the Commissioners for Victualling, 21st August 1734, at £.40 a Year.

Reasons for the Increase; ' f

This Person had served some Yeans with Diligence* and was judged deserving Encouragement; and the ge+. neral Instructions to the Commissioners for Victualling*; impower them to employ Clerks, as the Service shall from time to time require, not exceeding £.50 a Year Salary.

This Person hdd served many Years diligently and faithfully, and a BredeCeflor had the same Allowance of £.30 a Year.

1.; - ' , T

Abuses being committed while the receiving the B*f-cuit Bags returned from Ships was managed by the Labourers, and this Person having served many Years with Diligence, the Care of the Bags was committed to his Charge, and £.10 added to his Salary, as a Recora-pence for the Extra Duty.

The dating and balancing the Purser*s Accounts was transferred at that time from the Navy Office to that of the Victualling, and these Two Clerks removed,. they being experienced ill that Business.

These Salaries were-allowed by his Majesty’s Royal Sign Manual, dated the 14th August 1739, out of the Sale of old ProMifions and Stores, in order, that the Fund of the Charity might not be burdened therewith.

Accounts being required to be taken daily of the Earnings of the Coopers, moll of whom are paid by Piecework* to secure the Crown against Watte of Time, it was found impossible for One Clerk to attend that Service, and keep Up the many Books required for entering the Cooperage Affairs in due Methods, to state the Accounts quarterly, as of late Years practised; and the great Increase of the Numbers of Coopers this Winter rendered it absolutely necessary to allow another extra Clerk.

Upon a general Application from the Clerks under the Officers of the Victualling at the Out-ports, setting forth the great Ihcrease ... of all Necessaries for Life, of late Years, whereby their small Salaries afforded, but the meanest SubsistenCe for themselvesand Families, the Lords of the Admiralty, by Order, 8th February 1732, directed an Increase of £.10 a Year to be made to Seven Clerks at Portsmouth, Seven at Plymouth, and Three, at

Chatham, for their better Support, and an Encouragement to their executing the Business and Trust reposed in them with Diligence and Fidelity.

The Service of late Years hath required large Numbers of Ships to be victualled at Portsmouth, whereby the Accounts for that Port have been much increased.

One

20° Februa

13 Geo. II.

One Extra Clerk under the Agent at , by

Order of the Commissioners for Victualling, 1 ith 1738, at £.40 a Year, who will be discharged again so soon as the Service will admit thereof.

The Agent’s Clerk at Gibraltar was allowed but 60

a Year from 8th May 1728,... 23d April 1730, atwhich time there was a further Allowance of£. 30 per Annum for Table Money added to his Salary at £. 60 per'Annum.

The Storekeeper’s Salary at Dover was raised from £. 5° toj£- a Year, by Order of the Admiralty, 17th

April 1728, when he was made foie Officer there.

Mr. James Ellis, the late Storekeeper at allowed £.60 a Year Superannuation, by Admiralty Order, 16th October 1736.

At the Port of Gibraltar. x One Extra Clerk at £. 50 a Year front the ift October 1739, who will be discharged so soon as the Service will admit.

at Port Mahon.

An Officer was appointed by Admiralty Order, 5th May 1736, at £. 150 a Year, with the King’s Allowance of Victuals, and increased by Order 25th September 1739, to £.200 a Year, with Table Money, at £. 50 a Year, as heretofore allowed to Persons in the., . Station there.

St. Bijfe, 77/o. Brereton, F. Eyles,

lVm. Thompson, IV.

473-

Reasons for the Increase.

The Agent represented the keeping and rendering the many Accounts required for Security of the Crown, had occasioued an Arrear in the transcribing the general Accounts, and that he was unable to keep them up without further Assistance, it was judged reasonable to allow him this Extra Clerk,

By Order of the Admiralty, 23d April 1730, on a Representation to their Lordships from the Commissioners of the Victualling.

Inilead of an Agent, a Clerk of the Cheque, Storekeeper, Mailer Cooper, and Two Clerks, borne at that Port, to the 17th of April 1728, whose Salaries amounted

to £. 440 a Year, there is now no more than One Officer at £. 100 a Year, and One Clerk at 50, so that there has

been a Saving the re from that Time of £. 290 per Annum.

This Person being worn out by Age and Infirmity in the Service, it was judged reasonable to allow him this Annuity, on a Representation of the same from the Victualling Board.

Our Agent at that Port represented he was unable to r carry on his Business without the Assistance of this Extra Clerk, and it.. judged absolutely proper and reasonable.

This Officer was borne, under the Agent Victualler ' for Gibraltar, from the 23d April X730, to 5th May 1736, when he was appointed Agent at Port Mahon, at

£. 150 a Year, independent of Gibraltar, by reason of Inconveniences, and Delays of Accounts, while One Officeraccounted for both Ports; besides, there wasan Increase of Business at that time; and, on the late further Increase of Business in the Mediterranean, his Allowances were judged reasonable and requifiteto be augmented.

Motion for

a new \V rit for a Mem-

ber suppefeu to have vacated by a

accepting

Then the House was moved. That the 25th and 29th Sections of an Act, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line (which Clauses relate to disabling several Persons, having tome Offices, and having Pensions from the Crown during Pleasure, to fit in the House of Commons) might be read: And the same was read accordingly.

Then the House was moved, That an Act, ipade in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act to disable any Person from being chosen a Meiqber of, or from fitting and voting in, the House of Commons, who has any Pension for any Number of Years from the Crown, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the House was moved, That the Journal of the House of the 18th Day of November 1707, in relation to the Proceedings of the House in Consideration of several Lilts and Accounts of Offices and Pensions laid before the House, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Mr. Speaker do Iffiie his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this prefen t Parliament for the Borough of Saltash,in the County of in the room of Thomas Corbett Esquire, who hath accepted a Salary of Two hundred Pounds per Annum, by his Majesty’s Royal Sign Manual, dated the 14th of August 1739, as Secretary to the Court of Assistants for Relief of poor Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy, establiffied by virtue of a Commission under the Great Seal, bearing Date the 30th of August 1732;

Mr. Corbett was heard in his Place, and then he withdrew.

Then the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new W rit, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saltash, in the Vttl. 23.

County of Cornwall, in the room of Thomas Corbett

Esquire, who hath accepted a Salary....

.....Sign Manual, dated the 14th of

August 1739, as Secretary to the Court of Assistants for Relief of poor Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy, established by virtue of a Commission under the Great Seal, bearing Date the 30th of August. 1732;

The House divided. v The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { ^ZafZfef' 1 '3-

Te.,ersfortheNoes.|^X^ar’ }

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Motion . That a Committee be appointed to inquire what new respefiing Offices, or Places of Profit, have been created or erected Qef^,"eated since the 25th Day of October, in the Year of our Lord ce*‘ 1705: And also, whether there are any greater Number of Commissioners made or conllituted for the Execution of any Office since that time, than had been before employed in the Execution of such respective Office;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the

Tellers for the Noes {ufinZ:

So it passed in the Negative.

} 154-1196.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Naturalized resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Persons consider further of the Bill to prevent thelnconveniencies non-residenr which may arise from naturalizing Persons, who shall not i?.*V continue to reside within his Majesty’s Dominions after their Naturalization;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

6 E The

474 1Q° — 210 FebruaA: 1739*'

The other Order of the Day being read j Supply. Refobed, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Committe«of Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-Privileges. tions be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, i i* die Februarii;

Anno 13* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

Beuef- A N ingrossed Bill to enable Thamas worth'* jfV Esquire, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the

Name. Surname of Bilfon, pursuant to the Will of Leonard

Bilfon Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Thomas Bettesworth Esquire, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of , pursuant to the Will of Leonard Bilfon Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Cornmittm. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

LaWg Ordered, That the Bill for amending and enforcing

relating to the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle Rogues Va- and disorderly Persons, and for reducing the same into gabomu,«c. One cf Parliament; and also for amending the Laws

for erecting, providing, and regulating Houses of Correction, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Thompson of York reported from the Committee Sheffield to whom the Bill for making a Chapel, lately built by <-’nap«l Robert Downes, Goldsmith, in the Town of Sheffield, in

the County of York, a perpetual Cure and Benefice; and for making aProvision for the Maintenance of the Curate or Miuifter of the said Chapel, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose; was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to betrue;and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout j and several of them being severally read a Second time, were disagreed to, and the rest were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Petition ©unchurch, of the Corporation of the City of Coventry, and others 4c. Road, the Citizens and Inhabitants of the said City, which was presented to the House upon the 12th Day of this instant February , and also the Petition of the principal Inhabitants and Landholders of the Parish of St. Michael and the Holy Trinity, in the City of Coventry, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, which was presented to the House upon Tuesday last, were referred, be discharged from proceeding upon the Matters of the said Petitions.

Debtor* A Petition of the unhappy Prisoners for Debt in the Petition. Gaol of Lanca/ler, in the County of Lancaster, on behalf

of themselves and several Thousands in the Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Grant of An ingrossed Bill to enable Sir William Morice Ba-

Kfcriidin* ronet»to grant to the Incumbent of the Parish Church of Werington Werington,in the County of Devon, and his Successors,

Church. and the Parishioners of the said Parish, a Piece of Ground

belonging to the Capital Messuage of Werington, in the said County, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Sir William Morice Baronet, to grant to the Incumbent of the Parish-Church of in

the County of Devon, and his Successors, and the Parishioners of the said Parish, a Piece of Ground, belonging to the Capital Messuage of Werington, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Careio do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Duke of Mr. Winnington, according to Order, reported from Cleveland’* the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to &C to explain and enlarge the several Powers, for appointing Portions, Portions, and settling Jointures, which are contained in certain Letters Patent, bearing Date the 22d Day of October, in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, whereby certain yearly Pensions, ilfuing out of the hereditary Revenue of the Excise, do now Hand limited to William Duke of Cleveland, and Charles Duke of Grafton, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies respectively, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, inattheClerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question

The House was moved, That the Address of the Motion for House to his late Majesty (contained in the Journal of Pape" the House of the 31st Day of March 1715) that his said Majesty would be pleased to direct, That all Powers, In- with Spnin. strudions, Memorials, Letters and Papers, relating to the then late Negociations of Peace and Commerce, and to the Cessation of Arms, might be laid before the House, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Journal of the House of the 9th Day of April following, in relation to the Appointment of a Committee of Secrecy, to whom the said Powers, Instructions, Memorials, Letters and Papers, then presented to the House, were referred, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed.

That an humble Addrefe be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House all the Powers, Instructions, Memorials, Letters, and Papers, relating to the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the Pardo, Jan. 14, 1739.

The House was moved. That Part of his late Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, relating to the Conclusion of the War, and the Attempts to defeat the Protestant Succession', and Part of the Ad-! dress of this House to his said Majesty thereupon, contained in the Journal of this House of the 23d and 24th.

Days of March 1714, might be read.

And Parts of the said Speech and Address were read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House all the Powers, Instructions, Memorials,

Letters, and Papers, relating to the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the Pardo, Jan.

14. 1739- N. S.i

The

13 Geo. II.

The House divided.

The Yeas v/ent forth.

Te,erefor,eY^;^«

Tellers for the Noes, jyOtnington:

So it palfed in the Negative.

Call of the The Order of the Day being read, for the Call of the

House. House}

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Month.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Restraining Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole lUcesT e House, upon the Bill to restrain and prevent the excelfive Increase of Horse Races.

475

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wanmoden* for naturalizing Amalie Sophie de Wallmoden, was read Nat. a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Walpole,

Mr. Winning ton, Mr. Henry Fox, Lord Sidney Beauclerk,

Mr. Carew, Mr. Proby, Mr. Gore, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Kynaston, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Medlycolt, Mr.

Polhill, Mr. Thompson, Sir Thomas Lyttelton, Mr. Clut-

terbuck, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Maifler, Mr.

Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Pelham, Mr. ville, Mr. Wilkin/on, Sir James Grant, Mr. Edgcumb,

Sir NathanaelCurzon, Mr. Earle, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Waller,

Mr. More: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

21 ° — 2 2° Februarii.

} 196.

}*47-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 22* Februarii;

Anno 13* Georgii II4' Regis, 1739.

Prayer s.

Whitehaven Cl K Joseph Pennington presented to the House, ac-Harbour. iJ cording to Order, a Bill for making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, palfed in the Seventh and Tenth Years of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for preserving and enlarging the Harbour of the County of Cumberland, and for repairing and amending the High Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven: And the same was received; and read the Tirft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rennet and Mr-Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

pia Stratford The Lords have agreed to the Bill,intituled, An Act for

Road*. making more effectual Three several Acts of Parliament,

One of the Sixth Year of the Reign of hor late Majesty Queen Anne, and another of the Eleventh Year of the ‘ Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the

Highways from Old Str in the County of Northampton to Dunchurch, in the County of Warioick; and the Third made in the Tenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for making more effectual the said Two former Acts, without any Amendment: And also, Bircham The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Exchange confirming and establishing an Exchange, agreed upon and inclosure- between the Lord of the Manor, and the Rector of the Parish Church of Great Bircham, in the County of Norfolk; and for promoting and facilitating an Inclosure intended to be made of divers Commons, Common Paftu re, and Walle Grounds, lying in the said Parish of Great Bircham: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ditt0> An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange, agreed upon between the Lord of the Manor, and the Rector of the Parish Church of Great Bircham, in the County of Norfolk; and for promoting and facilitating an Inclosure intended to be made of divers Commons, Common Pasture, and Walle Grounds, lyingin the said Parish of Great Bircham, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Preserv&tion A Bill for the better Preservation of the Salmon and of Salmon Trout Fisheries within this Kingdom, was read a Second Fisheriea. time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Vox,. 23.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields Stivichall in the Parish of Stivichall, alias Stichall, in the County lnc‘ofure-of the City of Coventry, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Moraaunt, Mr. Polhill, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr.

Treby, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Grenville, Mr.

Curzon, Sir Edmund 1/ham, M r. Carew, Sir Henry Gough,

Mr. Rowney, Mr. Walker, Mr. Turner, Lord Chetwynd, Mr. White, Sir John Mr.

Bayntun Rolt, Sir MilesStapyllon, Mr. Harley, Lord

Gage, Sir James Grant, Lord Cha Mr.

Vyner, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Knight, Mr. Pollen, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Trefufls, Mr. Lon-gueville, Mr. Bevent, Mr. Whitworth, Sir John llynde Cotton, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Powys, Mr. Drummond, Mr.

Myddelton, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Packer; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Stajford, and Northampton:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of John Fletcher, as well on the Behalf of Protection of himself and others his Copartners, Owners, and Proprie- Collieries, tors of certain Coal-works or Collieries, in the County of Derby, as on behalf of others. Owners and Proprietors of Collieries in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner, and his Partners, and those under whom they claim, have been at great Expence in making Soughs, and other expensive Works, for the better and more convenient carrying on and working their said Collieries; the Benefit whereof, as the Petitioners apprehend, they have the Sole Right to enjoy, which nevertheless will be enjoyed by other Persons who have not contributed t.o any Part of the Expence; and the Petitioner, and his Partners, and other Proprietors of Collieries, under the like Circumstances, will be thereby and otherwise injured in their Properties, in case the Bill for further and more effectually preventing the wilful and malicious Destruction of Collieries and Coal-works, which the Petitioner is informed hath been presented to the House, passes into aLaw, in the Manner, in which it is at present penned: And therefore, as well on the Behalf of himself, and his Partners, as on behalf of the Owners and Proprietors of Collieries in this Kingdom, praying the House to take their same into Consideration; and that he and they may be heard, by their Counsel against the said Bill, before the same passes.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for Dun the more effectual improving the Navigation of the Navigation. River Dun, from a Place called Wilflck Hou/e, in the Parish of Barmby Dun, in the County of York, to Fish-lock Ferry, in the same County, is committed, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered,

47^ 12° — 4 6'

Qualification Ordered, That the Bill to explain, amend, and render

of Members, effectual, an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne,intituled, An Act for securing the

Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons, be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning uext.

Februarii.

A. 1739.

Ways and The Order of the Day being read, for the Hbufe to

Means. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Refolded, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Kensington, The Order of the Day being read, for taking into

be. Roads. Consideration the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads in the Parishesof Kensington, Chelsea, and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex,was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Removal of The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Grierlbn’s resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House up-

b Attainder on ^ie to enable William theekleltSon of

" Sir Robert Grierson, of Lag, Baronet, to-sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may have defeended or otherwise come to him, since his late Majesty’s most gracious Pardon, dated the 29th Day of June, in the Twelfth Year of his Reign, or that shall hereafterdefeend or' otherwise come to him;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

Supply Rill; The Order of the Day being read, for the House Sinking torefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

tund. upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty the Sum of

One Million out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1740; and for enabling his Majesty to rail'e the further Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds out of the growing Produce of the said Fund;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Moruing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Commute*,

tions be adjourned. of

Privilege*

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lume, 25° die Februarii \ Georgii IId! Regis, 1739.

The other'Order of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Comptroller of his Majesty’s Na-vy do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surveyor of his Majesty’s Navy do then attend the said Committee.

Removal of The postponed Order of the Day being read, the Grierson’* House resolved itself into a -Committee of the whole Disabilitie* House, upon the Bill to enable William Grierson, the by Attainder. eIdeftSonof Sir Robert Grierjbn, of Lag, Baronet, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding hie

Attainder . .....to take or inherit any real or

personal Estate that may have defeended or otherwise come to him, since his late Majesty’s moil gracious Pardon,dated the Twenty-ninth Day of in the Twelfth Year of his Reign, or that shall hereafter defeend or otherwise come to him;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Lindefay took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Lindefay reported from the Committee, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had

*S

Anno 10/

Prayers.

AB I LL for making Divisions, Inclosures, and Al- Kunkccliag lotments, of the open Corn Fields and Common Pallureof the Lordship of Beicholm, otherwise Bewham, *ac^oiur, in the Parish of Nunkeeling,in the County of York-, and for settling and establishing l he Payment of a yearly Sum to the Impropriators of the Rectory of aforesaid, and their Heirs, in lieu of Tythes arising within the said Lord!] tip, pur leant toan Agreement between the said Impropriators and the Proprietors of the said Lands; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. fan, M r. Thom]fan of York, Lord Sidney BeauclerJc, Colonel Herbert, Mr. Laroche, Dr. Lee, Co\one\Mordauntt Sir JoJ'. Pennington, Colonel Harvard, Sir Roger -Jhaigh, Colonel Ingram, Mr. DrummoColonel Bock-land, Colom:: Stuart, Mr. Fere, Mr. Hay, Mr. Longue-ville, Sir James* Grant, Mr. Carew, Air Mr.

Lindefay, Mr. Trefufis, Mr. Fane, Mr. llungerford, Sir Thomas Hales.Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Stevenson, Mr. Affixck

Mr. Benin, Mr. ]Vm. Pitt, Mr. Earle, Mr. Shuttleworth,

Mr. South well, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Waller, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Lcchmcrc, Mr. Henry Archer, Mr.

Hcdioorth, Mr. CecJ'ar, Mr. Lloyd, Dr. Butler, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Treby, Mr.

Hooper, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Mr.

James Dafiwood, Mr. Archer, Mr. Crawley, CoIonejL Bladen-, and all the Members who serve for the Couu-ties of York, Nottingham, and Lincoln; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Monson presented to the House, according to Panithiag Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and Mutiny and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; I)efet*wu . .: was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Walpole reported from the Committee to whom Wallmodtn,» the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat. for naturalizing Amalie Sophiede was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*

The House being informed, that M from Duties on

the Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Italian and Door; China Silk.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Amount of the Duty paid upon Importation of Italian raw Silk for Seven Years, to Christmas 1738; with an Account of the Drawback thereupon]: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Duty paid upon the Importation of China raw Silk for Seven Years, to Christmas 1738; with an Account of the Drawback thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And

j 3 Geo. II. 250 Februarii.477

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Mr. Walker, Mr. Corbett, Sir Nathanael Mr.

OrderedfThat the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, , Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Digby, Mr. Harley, Mr.

to be perused by the Members of the House. Archer, Mr. , Mr. Pollen, Dr. Sir John

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers Turner, Mr. Haivey, Mr. Mr. Ord, Mr.

of this Session. Taylor, Lord Polwarth, Mr. Sir John St.

Aubin, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Mr. How, Captain Martin; -jr.,*; uf Mr. Lindefay, according to Order, reported from the and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the "j* enable W'dliam Grierson,the eldest Son of Sir Robert Speaker’s Chamber. i r' Grierson,of Lag, Baronet, to sue, or maintain any Action

or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, for naturalizing Wallmodtn* any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to Amalie Sophie de Wallmoden, was read the Third time. Nat. take or inherit any real or personal Estate, that may have Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

descended or otherwise come to him, lince his late Ma- Ordered, That Mr. Walpole do carry the Bill to the

jesty’s most gracious Pardon, dated the 29th Day of June, Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed

in the 12th Year of his Reign, or that shall hereafter de- to the fame, without any Amendment,

fcend or otherwise come to him; was committed, the

Amendments which the Committee had made to the A Bill for the more easy and effectual Recovery of Recovery of

Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the small Debts, was read a Second time. Small Debts.

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the ford, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Earle, Mr. Hay, Mr.

Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read Mr. Wilmington, Mr. Pelham, Mr. . Mr.

throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question l'everally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Proieftion of A Bill for further and more effectually preventing the Collieries, wilful and malicious Destruction of Collieries and Coab works, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Nathanael Curzon, Lord Charles CMr. Yorke, Mr. Earle,

Mr. Biagrave, Mr. Hoop, Mr. Horsemonden Turner, Mr. Ix)Ugueville, Sir Henry Liddell, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Treby, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Compton, Mr. Hilbert Hucks, Mr. Wigley, Mr Mr. Brere-

ton, Mr. Bold, Mr. Lindefay, Mr. Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Archer, Mr. Mr. Lockwood,

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Gore, Mr. Crowle, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Dr. Butler, Mr. SouthwellMr. Tracey, and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Lincoln, York, Nottingham, Chester, Durham, and North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ditto. Ordered, That the Petition of John Fletcher, as well on the Behalf of himself* and others his Co-partners, Owners and Proprietors of certain Coal-works or Collieries in "the County of Derby, as on behalf of others, Owners and Proprietors of Collieries in this Kingdom, which waspresented to the House upon Friday last, and ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, upon his said Petition, before the said Committee, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That ali that come to the said Committee have Voices.

I.aw* re- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second lating u> Reading of the Bill for amending and enforcing the ^aboads^&c ^aws re'at'ng to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and ’’ c* disorderly Persons, and for reducing the same into One Act of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws for creeling, providing, and regulating Houses of Correction; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Hay, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Hooper, Sir John Mr. Pelham,

Mr. Scrape, Mr. Fane, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Fox, Mr. Laroche, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Brereton, Sir Edward Dering, Sir Chr. Powell, Sir Oxenden, Mr. Hales, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Mr, Hume

Vol. 23.

Clutterbuck, Mr. Carezv, Mr. Sazidys, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Crawley, Mr. Fane, Mr. Thompson, Mr. JezvkeS, Lord Polzoarlh, Mr. Pollen, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Yorke,

Mr. Southwell, Mr. Kinafton, Mr. , Sir John

Rufhout, Mr, Hooper, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Brereton, Mr.

Henry Archer, Mr. Packer, Mr. Stert, Lord Baltimore,

Sir George Oxenden, Mr Digby, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Archer, 'Mr.Kynaston, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. How, Mr Mr.

Ojbaldefon, Mr Shuttleioorth, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Hanbury

Williams, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. For; Sir John Peachy,

Sir Wm. Joliffe, Sir James Lozolher, Mr. Drummond, Sir Edmund Bacon, M r. Bayntun Rolf, Mr. Sir

Bradfhaigh, Mr Gore, Mr Bladen, Lord Baltimore, Mr.

Horsemonden Turner: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

And all that come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Mr. Pearfe, from the Commissioners of the Navy, Contin-presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an gencie*of Account of what Impreiis for the Contingencies of the officeT&c Admiralty, Navy, and Treasury of the Navy Offices, are not cleared; with an Account of what Directions have been given for clearing the fame.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Encouraging resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Seamen 10 consider of Heads of a Bill for the further and better vo,unteer-Encouragement of Seamen to enter voluntarily into his Majesty’s Service;

Resolved, That this House will, upon thisDay Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into KenCngton, Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom &« Roads, the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign ofliis late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, Chelsea, and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confederation Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day, for the House to re- Supply, solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the Account of what Payments the Treasurers of the Navy have made, for Seven Years lad pad, by Extra Orders to them from the Commissioners

6 F for

47 8 250 — 2<5°

for executing the Office of Treasurer of the Exchequer, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Money has. l>eeu imprefted, to pay Fees at the Exchequer and to the Auditors, and fotne Contingencies of the Treasury Office of the Navy, for Seven Years last pall; with the particular Accounts of the Disposition thereof; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Money has been imprefted to the Deputy Secretary or to the chief Clerk of the Admiralty, for Seven Years last pad: with the particular Accounts of the Disposition thereof; diilift-guilkingeach Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Orders have been made for new-erected Employments, or increasing df Salaries, between Christmas 1727 and Christmas 1739; and for multiplyingOftices, or other Allowances, relating to the Sick and Hurt Office; with thelleafons for grant-the said Orders; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Accounts of what Orders have been made for new-erected Employments, between Christmas *74,7 and Christmas 1739; and for multiplying Officers,

or increasing Salaries, or other Allowances, relating to the Navy; with the Reasons for granting the said Orders; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, Thar the Account of the ordinary Charge of Management for Victualling his Majesty’s Navy, for the SpapevofOneYear; with the usual Rates and Allowances granted by his Majesty to the Commissioners for Victual-sing his Majesty’s Navy, their Clerks and Officers employed under them, for the Years 1727, 1728, 1729, and 1739; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Orders have been made for new-erected Employments, between Christmas 1747 and Christmas 1739; and for multiplyingOfficers, or increasing of Salaries, or other Allowances, relating to the Victualling of his Majesty’s Navy; with the Reasons for granting the said Orders; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Money has been imprefted for Contingencies of the Victualling Office, for Seven Years last pail; with the particular Accounts of the Disposition thereof; distinguishing each Year*; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Imprefts, for Contingencies of the Victualling Office, are not cleared; with ati Account of whatDire&ions have been given for clearing the fame; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Money has been applied, from Michaelmas 1730 to this Time, towards paying any Taxes on the Salaries of the Commissioners and other Officers of the Victualling Offices; out of what Fund, and by what Authority; distinguishing each Year be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Money has been imprefted, for Contingencies of the Navy Office, for Seven Years last pall; with the particular Accounts of the Disposition thereof; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Money has been imprefted, for Contingencies of the Treasurer of the Navy’s Office, for Seven Years last pall; with the particular Accounts of the Disposition thereof; distinguish-ingeach Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Charge of Work-manship, and Value of Materials, that have been applied to the Repairs of Mooring Chains or Buoy Ropes, in the Year 1739* be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Workmanship, and Value of Materials, that have been applied to the Repairs of Harbour Moorings, Harbour Rigging, and ordinary Repairs of his Majesty’s Ships, Docks, and Buildings, in the Year 1739, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Charge of Work-manship, and Value of Materials, that have been applied to the Repairs of his Majesty’s Ships in ordinary, in the Year 1739, be referred to the said Committee.

Februarii, . 173 9.

Ordered, That the Account of what Money has been applied from Michaelmas 1730, towards paying any 'Faxes on the Salaries of the Admiralty, Navy, and Treaftiry of the Navy Offioes; out of what Fund, and by what Authority; distinguishing each Office, and each Y'ear; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Money has been (Ordered by the Right honourable the Lords Conraiissioners of the Trealiiry, and received by the Treasurer of his Majesty’s Navy, for any Services of the Navy, from 3tft December 1738 to the 31st December 1739; distinguishing the Times when the same was received, and the Services to which it was applied; be referred to the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it flood onthe3iftof2) /fc6er 1739, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Y'ear One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-ieven which was presented to the House on the 23d Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-six, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House refoived itself iuto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the* Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That

he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, relbive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is) 26" die Februarii;

Anno 13* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1739. Pxaters.

ABILL for making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Seventh and Tenth Years of lier late Majesty Queen Anne, for preserving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland; and for repairing and amending the High Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of haven \; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the BUI be committed to Sir Joseph Pennington, S\r James Lowther, Mr. Fane, Mr Mr. Arundell, Mr. Monfnn, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Broun, Mr.

Holden, Mr Heron, Mr Hooper, Mr. Digby, Mr

Mr. Bradjhaigh, Mr Archer, Mr. Bridges, Mr.

vilte, Mr. More, Mr. Pturner. Lord Charles Mr. Curwen, Sir Abr. Elton, Lord Mr.,

WUkinJbn, Sir. Stewart, Mr. , Mr. Wort ley,

Mr. Hedzoorth, Sir Henry Liddell, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Papillon, Mr Pelham, Mr Finch, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Hamp-

den, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Hay, Sir Ru/hout, Mr. Harley. Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Mr. Carew, Sir

Nathanael Curzon, Sir Geo. Mr. Mr.

Port man, Mr. Sandys, Mr. CartwMr. O/b thief on,

Mr. Lechmcre, Mr Tracey, Mr. Lloyd, Lord Sir Nicolas Williams-, and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Cumberland,

York, and for the Sea Ports, and all the Merchants of

the

Co/nmittet of Privilege*.

Whitehafea

Harbour.

15 Geo. II. t6* Februarii.

4*79

the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Birrham’a An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Exchange for confirming and establishing an Exchange, agreed an! Inde- Upon between the Lords of the Manor and the Rest or r*' of the Parish Church of Great in the County of

Norfolk; and for promoting and facilitating an Inclosure, intended to be made, of divers Commons, Common Pasture, and Waite Ground, lying in the said Parish of Great Bircham, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fane, Mr. Lindefay, Mr. Monson, Mr. Archer, Mr. Walker, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Mr.

nhigton, Mr.-S’crops, Mr. Hay, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Maule, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr. Butler, Mr. Mr.

Earle, Mr. Pitt, Sir Nathanael Mr.

Mr. Corbett, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Mr. Pollen, Mr.

Brad/haigh, Sir James Lozciher, Lord Sidney Mr, Stephenson, Mr. Curxven, Mr Mr. Car-

michaett, Mr. Falle, Lord John Murray, Mr. Treby, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Pelham, Lord Sundon, Mr. Edgcimbe, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Arunde11, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Fere -, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Debtors A Petition of the poor Prisoners for Debt in his Ma" petition. jesty’sGaol in ChejterCastle, was presented to the House,

tyid read; complaining of their Distrefe: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

ILenfington, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into |tc. Roads. Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Chelsea, and Ful-

ham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question federally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for the removal of the Turnpike placed Eallward of Hyde Park Gate, near Hay Hill, and prohibiting any such Turnpike to be erected; but allowing a Turnpike to be erected Westward of Hyde Park Gate aforesaid, from the North-West Corner of St. James's Upper Park cross the Road to Hyde Park Wall:

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for prohibiting the Erection of any Turnpike in Tyburn Lane, in the Parish of or Church Lane, in the Parish of Kenjtngton.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Puke of An ingrossed Bill to explain and enlarge the several Cleveland’s Powers, for appointing Portions, and settling Jointures, 4cc. Power to wh;cb are contained in certain Letters Patent, bearing Portions. Date the 2ad Day of October, in the Twenty -sixth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, whereby certain yearly Pensions, ilfuing out of the Hereditary Revenue of the Excise, do now Hand limited to William Vo L.83-

Duke of Cleveland and Charles Duke of Grafton, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies respectively, Was iead the Third time.’

Resolved, That the Bifldopafs: Atid that the Title be. An Act to explain and enlarge the several Powers^ for appointing Portions, and settling Jointures, whiClj are contained in certain Letters Patent, bearing Date the a 2d Day of October,in the Twenty-sixth Year of x

the Reign of King Charles the Second, Whereby cferthin,

yearly Pensions, ilfuing out of the hereditary Revenue of the Excise, do now Sand Indited to William Dike of Cleveland, and Charles Duke of Groton, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies respectively.

Ordered, That Mr. ArundelL do carry the Bill to' the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Proteflio* of to whom the Bill for further and more effectually pre; Col lien*, venting the wilful and malicious Destruction of Collieries and Coal-'works, is committedrgqri tn whsnn the Petition of John Fletcher, as well on the Btnalf of himself and others his Copartners, Owners hnd fWjfMdtors of certain Coal-works or Collieries in the County of as on behalf of others. Owners and Proprietors of Collieries in this Kingdom, is referred (which Petitioner is to be heard, by his Couufel, upon his said Petition, before the said Committee, if he thinks fit), ^hat they admit Couufel to be heard, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Sandys prefeuted to the House, according to Or- Person* hav-der, a Bill for making more effectual the Laws now in in8 Pensions being for disabling Persons from being chosen Members of, or fitting or voting in, the House of Corntnons, who ineligible t* have any Pension during Pleasure, or for any Number be Alembert, of Years, or any Offices held in Trull for them: And. the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported. Supply,

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had. directed him to report to the House; which he read in hjst Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table;

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Ninety-nine thousand Seven hundred and Four Pounds Eight Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy' (including Half Pay to Sea Officers), for the Year 1740.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Motion re* That to apply, towards defraying the ordinary Chargeof specting his Majesty’s Revenue, or to any Head contained in the j^oney fa-ordinary Estimate thereof, any Sum of Publick Money yonafcfti." exceeding the Sum granted by Parliament for that Pur- mate, pose, is a Misapplication, and ought to be prevented;

It passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Silk irtg next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Minufaaure' House, to consider of the Petition of the Silk Weavers,

Throwfters, and others, concerned in Silk Manufactures, whbfe Names are thereunto subscribed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Naturalized night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Persan* no*. Hotife, to consider further of the Bill to prevent the In- ia

conveniencies which may arise from naturalizing Persons *"

Who

480 26* — 27'Februarii. A. 1739-

who shall not continue to reside within his Majesty’s Dominions after their Naturalization.

Preservatioa Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-°I^.almon night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole "* House, upon the Bill for the better Preservation of the Salmon and Trout Fisheries.

Qualification Ordered, That the Bill to explain, amend, and render of Members. more effectual, an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons, be read Second,time upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy in* die Februarii;

Anuo 13* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1739.

Praters.

Sheffield A N ingrossed Bill for making a Chapel, lately built

Chapel. jjy Robert DownesGoldfinith, in the Town of

Sheffield, in the County of York, a perpetual Cure and Benefice; and for making a Provision for the Maintenance of the Curate or Minister of the said Chapel, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose; was read the Third time.

An Amendinent was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 14. L. #To add, after the Word " Goldsmith," the Words "and others."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making a Chapel, lately built by Robert Doiones, Goldsmith, and others, in the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, a perpetual Cure and Benefice; dnd for making a Provision for the Maintenance of the Curate or Minister of the said Chapel, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. T of York do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sale of Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this *" ^t. House, an Account of what Monies are now remaining Chri of ers. jn fteceipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, arisen by the Sale of Lands in the Island of Christophers.

Recovery of Ordered, That Sir James Grant, Sir Jof. Pennington, £mall Debts. Mr. Mcdlycott, Sir Abraham Elton, Colonel Codrington, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Gildart, Sir Henry Liddell, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Lord Sidney

Beauclerk, Mr. Bale, Mr. Vere, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the more easy and effectual Recovery of small Debts is committed.

Duuchurch A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers, granted and given by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Ge the First, intituled.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from in the County of Wanoick, to the Bottom of Meriden Hill, in the same County; and for making the said Act more effectual; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Digby,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Rev an, Mr. Fox, Mr. Wynne, Mr. WMr. Mr. Ingram,

Mr. Trtfufis, Mr. Treby, Sk NathanaelCitrzon, Sir James

Grant, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Selzoyn, Lord Glenorchy, Mr. Fane, Mr. Lindefay, Mr. Yorke, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. S/uittleworth, Mr. Lyttleton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Mr. Butler,

Lord Paimerfon, Mr. Sir Conyers , Mr.

Dawkins, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Douglass, Mr.

Harley, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hemy Archerand all the Members who serve for the Counties oi Warwick, Northampton, Stafford, Salop, and North Wales; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Carezo reported from the Committee, to whom Andover the Bill for confirming and establishing Articles of Agree- Inclosor*. ment, and an Award, for dividing and inclosing of a Common Down, and for dividing, inclosing, and exchanging of Lands lying in the Common Fields, in the Tything of Charlton, in the Parish of Andover, in the County of Southampton, was committed; and to whom the Petition oi William Neale, of Andover, in the County of Southampton, Maltster, was referred; That the Committee had heard the Petitioner, by his Counsel, and had also heard Counsel for the said Bill against the said Petition; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except the said Petitioner William; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there* unto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed, to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bein-grossed.

An ingrossed Bill to enable William Grierson, theeldeft Removal of Son of Sir Robert Grierson, of Lag, Baronet, to sue, or GrierWs maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attain- DUabilma1 der; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of lUUD er his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may have defeended or otherwise come to him, since his late Majesty’s most gracious Pardon,dated the 29th Day of June, in the Eleventh Year of his Reign, or that shall hereafter,defeend or otherwise come-to him; was read the Third time.

Ordered, That Mr. Lindefay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deflre their Concurreuce.

A Bill to give further Powers to the Commissioners for Westminster building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Cit^. Bridge, of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry; and to enable them to raise a further Sum of Money towards finishing the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trulls reposed in them; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Rebuilding Majesty, That he will be graciously pleated to givp Di- Ships, reftions to the proper Officers to lay before this House, an Estimate of what may benecellaryfor the llebuildings anrl Repairs of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1740.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as arc of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for piui;^;ng the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; Mutiny and was read a Second time. Dciertiou.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

..... ' ‘ Jlefolved,

i3 Geo. II. 27 — 28° — 29° Februarii.

481

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Privilege; , A Petition of Cornelius Mg was presented to

A Pw-son t)ie House, and read; expressing his Repentance of his

alcUi'f- Crime, for which he was committed, by Order of this

charged. House, to his Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate: And praying the House to take his same into their compassionate Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Cornelius committed Prisoner by this House to his Majesty’s Prison of Newgate, upon Monday the nth Day of this inllant February, be brought to the Bar of this House, Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged out of Custody: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

The Order of the Day being read;

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon this DaySeven-

*Fund8 n'S^lt> resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One Million out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1740; and for enabling his Majesty to raise the further Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds out of the growing Produce of the said Fund.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-

of Privileges, tions be adjourned.

Address of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be gra- Answert* ciously pleased to gk/e Directions to the proper Officers, Addrefe. to lay before this House, an Estimate of what may be necessary for the Rebuildings and Repairs of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1740, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House That he will give Directions accord-iDgly.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Reftrainioff Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to restrain and prevent the excessive Increase of Horse Races. e

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee' of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole M»nuf»tture. House, to consider of the Petition of the Silk Weavers, Throwfters, and others, concerned in Silk Manufactures, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Privilege;

A Person reprimanded and DiC. charged.

Sale of Lands in St Christophers.

Winding of Wool.

Privilege; a Member suspended from it.

Jovis, 28° die Februarii;

Anno 13* Georgii IId* Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

CORNELIUS M gillycuddy was, according to Order,

brought to the Bar; where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

The House being informed, that a Person from the Exchequer attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar,presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Monies are now remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, arisen by the Sale of Lands in the Istand of Saint Christophers,

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with thfe other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, For the Winding of Wool; which Act was made perpetual by an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth: And that Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Wilkinson, and Mr. V do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Cacilius Calvert, Esquire was presented to the House; and the same relating to Edward Life Esquire, a Member of the House; who not being in the House;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until Mr. Life do oorae into the House.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Life do attend this House, in his Place, upon this Day Fortnight.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their

Vol. 23.

The House being informed. That Mr. Jennings, One of the Secondaries of the Poultry Compter, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, porfuant to their Order;

A Lift of the Protections and written Certificates entered in the Office of the Secondary of the Poultry Compter, in London: And also,

A Lift of Protections and written Certificates entered in the Office of the Secondary of the Wood-firtet ter,in London,

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table,to be perused' by the Members of the House.

The said Lifts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, That Mr. Waldoe, Under Protections, Sheriff of the County of Middlesex, attended at the Door; *£ >"

He was called in; and, at the Bar presented to the itldiefex House, pursuant to their Order, a List of the Protections Office, and written Certificates entered in the Office of the Sheriff'of the County of Middlesex.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Protection*, See. in Office of Poultry Compter.

Veneris^ 29° die Februarii;

Anno 13* Georgii IF* Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

MR. Fere reported from the Committee to whom oiier'uNat.

the Bill for naturalizing Isaac Olier was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had confi-fidered the Petition ol Chnfiian Schutte,to them referred, and had examined the Allegations thereof, and found the same to be true; and thereupon had made severalAmend-ments to the Bill; which the Committee had directed

6 G . him

Cokhefter

Channel

Navigation.

Dun

Navigation.

Erfpirin£

Laws,

48 2 290 Februarii. . 1739.

him to report to the Housej and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one ;’and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Captain Martin reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for further enlarging the Term granted by an Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for cleaning and making navigable the Chan nel from t he Hit heat Colchefier to Wivenhoei and for making the said Act, and another Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term granted by the said Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years of King William the Third, more effectual; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read, and several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time; were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual improving the Navigation of the River Dun, from a Place called Wi House, in the Parish of Barmhy Dun, in the County of York, to FT,

in the same County, is committed, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Mr. Henry Archer reported from the Committee appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had inquired accordingly, and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read: And the Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways, or Locks or other Works, erected by Authority of Parliament, for making Rivers navigable; which was to continue in Force, from the 24th Day of June 1728, for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued for Five Years, and from the 24th Day of June 1732, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued for Five Years, from the 15th Day of May 1735, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; which was to continue in Force for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and was explained and amended by an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and which, by another Act, made in the

Eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the 24th Day of March 1740, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for reviving and amending an Act, made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to prevent Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Weirs upon the River of Thames Westward; and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriages upon the said River; which was to continue in Force, from the First Day of May 1730, for the Term of Nine Years, and from thence to the End of the then next 9eflion of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Greenland Fishery; which was to continue in Force, from the 25th Day of December 1731, for the Terra of Nine Years; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery, carried on by his Majesty’s British Subjects; which was to continue in Force during the Continuance of an Act, passed in the 5th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Greenland Fishery; is near expiring and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests; which was to continue in Force, from the 24th Day of June 1726, for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was explained, amended, and further continued for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for reviving an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty’s Subjects to and from the East Indies-, and for the more effectual prevent-ingall his Majesty’sSubjectstradingthither under foreign Commissions; which was to continue in Force, from the First Day of May 1732, for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture of British made Sail Cloth; and for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on foreign Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom; which was to continue in Force, from the 24th Day of June 1736, for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better preservation of his Majesty’s Woods in America; and for the Encouragement of the Importation of Naval Stores from thence; and to encourage the Importation of Mails, Yards, and Bowsprits, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as relates to the Premiums upon Malls, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch and Turpentine; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

13 Geo. II. 290 Februarii. — 30 Martii 483/

Way* and Means.

The First, Seoond, and Third Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fourth and Fifth Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second time, were postponed.

The Sixth and Seventh Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Eighth and Ninth Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were postponed.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in upon the First, Second, Third, Sixth, and Seventh Resolutions of the said Committee; And that Mr. Henri/Archer,^lr.Hooper, Mr. Pollen, Mr. John Hervey, Mr. , Mr. Robert

Hucks, and Mr. Earle,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in, the said Bill or Bills, That in One of the said Bills they do make Provision for reducing the said A A for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and the said Act for explaining and amending the same, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, into One Act.

The House wasmoved. That so much of the said Act for the Relief.. . Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, as relates to a weekly Allowance to be paid to the Prisoners by Creditors who insist on detaining them in Prison, might be read:

And that Clause was read accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an In ft ruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill or Bills, That, in One of the said Bills, they do make Provision for amending the said Acts for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and for explaining and amending the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill or Bills, That they do prepare and insert, in One of the said Bills, a Clause or Clauses for the better and more speedy Execution of Process within particular Franchises or Liberties,by appointing Deputy Sheriffs to be resident at some convenient Place in or near the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring . the said Bill or Bills, That they do prepare and insert, in One of the said Bills, a Clause or Clauses to limit the Time for suing forth, and prosecuting with Effect, Writs of Certiorari upon Proceedings of Justices of the Peace; and to regulate the Time and Manner of applying for the fame.

and to encourage the Importation of Malts, Yards, and Bowsprits, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; as relates to the Premiums upon Mails, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Way* to resolve irfelf into a Committee of the whole House, and Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itfelfinto the said Committee.

AJ Bill for making more effectual the Laws now in be- Person* ingfor disabling Persons from being chosen Members having Pea-of, or fitting or voting in, the House of Commons, who Trust for have any Pension during Pleasure, or for any Number them ineligi-of Years, or any Offices held in Trust for them, was, ac- hie to he cording to Orcjer, read a Second time. Member*.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, Qoanfiratmit an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen of Member*. Anne, intituled, An Act for feeuring the Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Punishing whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and ^efertion1 Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Monson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Monson reported from the Committee, That they had gone throughthe Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, That they do consider of the Act, made in the Fifth V ear of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Greenland Fishery.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That-they do consider of the Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on by his Majesty’s British Subjects.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture of British made Sail Cloth; and for the more effectual feeuring the Duties now payable on so-’ reign Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better Preservation of his Majesty’s Woods in America and for the Encouragement of the Importation of Naval Stores from thence;

VOL. 23. 7

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Committee Elections be adjourned. of Privilege*

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 30 die Martii;

Anno 13® Georgii IF1 Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor, and Burgesses of the Protestion of 1 JL Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby, af- Collieries, sembled in Common Council the Twenty-sixth Day of February 1739, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners find, by the Votes of this House, That a Bill is depending for farther and more effectually preventing the wilful and malicious Destruction of Collieries and Coal-works, and that the Petitioners apprehend, should the said Bill pass into a Law, that the same would be very beneficial to the Kingdom in general, and particularly to the said County and other Towns and Places adjoining the reto: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pals intoa Law.

Ordered,

Colchester

Channel

Navigation.

Collection of

Charities upon Briefs.

3° Martii. 1739

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for further enlarging the Term granted by an Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for cleansing and making navigable the Channel from the Hithe at Colchester to Wivenhoe; and for making the said Act, and another Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term granted by the said Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years of King William the Third more effectual; was committed.

And the rest of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better and more easy Collecting of Charities upon Briefs: And that Mr. More> Mr. Mr.

Earle, and Mr. Henry Archer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House,

of the Amount of the Duty paid upon Importation of Duty on Silk raw Silk from Turkey, for Seven Years last past; with imported, an Account of the Drawback thereupon; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of the Amount of the Duty paid upon the Importation of thrown Silk, for Seven Years last past; with an Account of the Drawback thereupon; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of the Amount of the Duty paid upon the Importation of raw Silk from the East Indies, exclusive of for

Seven Years last past; with an Account of the Drawback thereupon; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of the Amount of the Duty paid upon the Importation of Velvets and wrought Silks, for Fourteen Years last past; with an Account of thej Drawback thereupon; distinguishing each Country, and each Year.

Ordered, That an Recount be laid before this House, of the Amount of the Duty upon the Importation of raw Silk from Naples and Sicily, for Seven Years last pad; with an Account of the Drawback thereupon; distinguishing each Country and each Year.

Sir Charles Wager presented to the House, pursuant Building,&c. to their Address to his Majesty, an Estimate of the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships, for the Year 1740.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as follows;


Navy Office, 13th February 1739.

An ESTIMATE of the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of the Ships of War, at his Majesty’s Yards, over and above what are proposed to be done on the Head of Wear and Tear, and are not included in the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1740; prepared in pursuance of Directions from the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, signified by Letter, of the 8th Instant, from JoJiah Burchett Esquire, their Lordships Secretary; viz.

Estimate

Place where. Guns. Ships Names. Nature of their Repair. Time when to be of the Charge of their

r . Taken m

Hand. Completed. Hulls.

Deptford - - 70 Monmouth - - - 1 Rebuilding r- In Hand - December 1741 - & \ 4.299

Revenge - - - > April 1742 - 4.077

50 Woolwich - - - J December next - 5»7°°

Woolwich - - 80 Devonshire - - - To be rebuilt - July next - June 1742 - - 5 00

70 Captain - - - In Hand - December 1741 - 4,857

Northumberland - Rebuilding - May 1742 - - 2,800

Antelope - - - April 1741 - - 3,000

In lieu of the Dart-' mouth, taken down Building - In Hand - December 1740 - 6,652

Chatham - - 70 In lieu of the Stirling"

V Castle, converted to an Hulk - - - Building - - - - In Hand - < December 1741 - 1,170

5° Guernsey - - Rebuilding - - - j - - -( August next - - 3,618

Sheer ness - - 60 Nottingham - - -- Rebuilding In Hand - December 1741 - 1,860

Portsmouth - 70 Yarmouth - - Great Repair, or Rebuilding June next - Uncertain - - 980

Plymouth - - 00 Exeter - - - - To be rebuilt - - April next April 1742 - - 99°

50 Preston - - - - Rebuilding ... In Hand - December 1741 - 1,000

To be builtl in the Mer-S chants Yards} 44 Five - - - - Building in the room of the"} like-N umber that are de-f cayed, and have been ta- f ken down - - -) In Hand - December next - 30,273

To be built, in the room of]

thelikeNumberthatare in I

Three- - - - f want of a large Repair, or 5 This Month1 February next - 15,916

Rebuilding, and are pro- posed to serve as Hulks J

Building in lieu of the like*' N°

24 J* Twelve - - - Number, of the Five and Six Rates, loll, and, being \ decayed, fold, funk for / Rreak-waters, or taken to In Hand 6 in April nexK 5 June next - \ 1 July next -,) 3t»7°3

- Pieces- - - - J Total 19,394

Viz.


o

Poor Laws.

Xncooraging Seamen to volunteer.

3opp1y.

Silk

Manufacture.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Committee of . Privilege#.

13 Geo. II. 30 — 4 a 485

Viz.The Sum of One hundred Nineteen thousand Three hundred and Ninety-four Pounds.

Richard Haddock, Ja. Ackworlh, Thomas , J. Fawler,

% John G. Crowle.

Ordered, That the saidEtiiinate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House was moved, That the First and Second Sections of an Act, made in the Forty-Third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor, might be read:

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Fourth Section of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief, of the Poor, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for remedying some Doubts in the Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Poor; and in One other Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief of the Poor; and for making the said Acts more effectual: And that Mr. Laroche, Mr.

M r. Sandys, Mr. Hat/, and Mr. Gybbon, do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Heads of a Bill for the further and better Encouragement of Seamen to enter voluntarily into his Majesty’s Service.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Fox took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Fox reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred: And that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Heads of a Bill for the further and better Encouragement of Seamen to eu-ter voluntarily into his Majesty’s Service.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, Thai, this House will, upon IFednefdaySlorn-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Silk Weavers, Throwfters, and others, concerned in Silk Manufactures, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army* and their Quarters; was committed; be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

VoL- 23.

Martisy40 die Martii;

Anno 130 GeorgiilD* Regis, 1739.


P R A V E E S.

MR. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, ito Bircham Er-whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lord', inti- change and tuled, An Act for confirming and establishing an Ex- ^Ilclosure* change agreed upon between the Lord of the Manor and the Rector of the Parish Church of Bircham,

in the County of Norfolk-, and for promoting and facilitating an Inclosure intended to be made of divers Commons, Common Pasture, and Waste Grounds, lying in the said Parish of Great Bircham-, was commit -dj That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to" the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Kensington, granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth 'Car of the &c- Hoad*. Reign of his late Majesty King George the Kirit, for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of ('helfea,

and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in

the County of Middlesex....

The Amendments following were severally on posed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 16. L. 12. To leave out the Word " such

L. 13. After the Word " Rates," to insert the Words " to be made in pursuance of this Act

Press 24. L. 32. After the Word " Parishes," to insert the Words " of St, George, Hanover Square and Kenfing-

" ton aforesaid

L. 33. To leave out the Word " in," and to insert the Words " to be done yearly on the Highways " within," instead thereof: \

L. 34. To leave out the Words " to be repaired by virtue of," and, instead thereof, to insert the Words " comprised within

L. 36. To leave out the Words " to be done " yearly on the said Highways."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kenfiand Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex;and for repairing some other

Roads in the Parish of St.George, Hanover Square, and the said Parishes of Kensington and Chelsea.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town Ptote&ion of and County of the Town of Nottingham, in Common Collier*. Council assembled,was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners find, by the Votes of this House, That a Bill is depending for the further and more efteftnally preventing the wilful and malicious Deftrnftion of Collieries and Coal-works; and that the Petitioners apprehend, should the said Bill pass into a Law, that the same would be very beneficial to the Kingdom in general, and particularly to the said Town, and other Towns and Places adjoining the reto: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the 6 H ' Consideration

4° — 5*

A. 1739-

Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

BirehunEs- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act change and for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed Inclosure. upon between the Lord of the Manor, and the Rector of the Parish Church of Great. , in the County of Norfolk-, and for promoting and facilitating an Inclosure intended to be made of divers Commons, Common Pasture, and Wade Grounds, lying in the said Parish of Great Bircham, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Olier’s Nat. An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Isaac Olier, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 1. L. 26. After the Word " " to insert

the Words " or either of them

L. 32. After the Word themselves," to insert the Words, " or either of them

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Isaac Olier and Schulte.

Ordered, That Mr. Veredo carry the Bill to the Lords,

and desire their Concurrence.

Prevention Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to of collusive prevent collufiveQualifications of Persons to vote asFree-Qualifica- holders in the Eieftion of Members to serve in Parlia-Preehold ment for Cities and Counties of the same Cities, in that

EJeftors. Part of Great Britain called England: And that Mr.

Walpole a.nd Mr. Fere do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making more effectual the Laws now in being for'disabling Persons from being chosen Members of, or fitting or voting in, the House of Commons, who have any Pension during Pleasure, or for anyNum-ber of Years, or any Offices held in Trust for them, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sandystook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Punishing Mr. Monson, according to Order, reported from the Mutiny and Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Defcrtion. for pUnifoing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout: and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bmroughs and Mr. Allen:

Persons ha*-ing Pensions bald in Trust for them ineligible to be Members.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the I'irfl Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the Abuses and Frauds of Persons employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron, Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for extending the said Act to the Manufactures of Leather, without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Bettejworth Esquire, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Bilfon, pursuant to the Will of Leonard Bilfon Esquire, decealed, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to prevent the Inconveniencies which may arise from naturalizing Persons who shall not continue to reside within his Majesty’s Dominions after their Naturalization.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Six Weeks, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Preservation of the Salmon and Trout Fisheries within this Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill toexplain, amend, and render more elFeftual, an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 50 Martii;

Anno i3* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1739. Prayers.

SI R MilesSfapj/lton reported from the Committee to

whom the Bill for the more effectual improving the Navigation of the River Dun, from a Place called fck IlouJe, in the Parish of Barmby Dun, in the County of York, to Fifilock Ferry. in the same County, was committed, That the Committee had considered the Petitions to them referred; and had heard Counsel upon several of such of the said Petitions, as, by Order of the House, the Petitioners were to be heard by their Counsel upon, before the said Committee; and had heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill against the said several Petitions; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That the Committee who are appointed to consider of Methods for the better accommodating the Cities of London and Westminster with Coals, and to report their Opinion therein to the House: and to whom

the

Woollen

Manufacture.

Offices and Employments.

Bettesworth‘1

Name.

Naturalized Persons non resident in the Kingdom.

Preservatioa of Salmon Fisheries.

Qualification of Members

Duu

Navigation.

Supplying London with

Coal*.

Enforcing Laws regu* lating Price of Coals.

Personjs haring Penllont held in Trull for them, iueligible to be Members.

Colchester

Chanel

Navigation,

*Wcfhui after IB ridge.

13 Geo. II. 5® — 6° Martit.

the Petition of several of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the City arid Liberty of is referred;

and Who are ordered to examine the Truth of the said Petition: and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; have Power to report their Proceedings, from time to time, to the House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciouslypleased to give Directions, that there may be laid before this House, a Copy of the humble Memorial and Petition of the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London to his Majesty, in consequence of a Letter to them from the Lords of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, by his Majesty’s Commands, in pursuance of an Address of this House to his Majesty, of the Eighth Day of February last, that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to cause Directions to be given, that the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of and the Justices of

the Peace of the said City, and of the City of jler, and within the Liberties thereof, do forthwith and effectually put in Execution the Law for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That this House Will, upori this Day Seven- Supply Bill; flight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Sinking House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty the Sum Of One Million out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service Of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty;. and for enabling his. Majesty to raise the further Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, out of the growing Produce of the said Fund.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole *nd Means. House to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven* Eacouraging night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Seamen u> House, to consider further of Heads of a Bill for the voluntear. further and better Encouragement of Seamen to enter voluntarily into his Majesty’s Service.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning Supply,

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committae tions be adjournal. of Privilegaa,

Mr. Sandys, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making more effectual the Laws now in being for disabling Persons from being chosen Members of, or fitting or voting in, the House of Commons, who have any Pension during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, or any Offices held in Trust for them, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for further enlarging the Term granted by an Act, of the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for cleanfmgand making navigable the Chanel from the Hithe, at Colchester, to Wivenhoe; and for making the said Act, and another Act, of the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term granted by the said Act, of the Ninth and Tenth Years of King William the Third, more effectual j was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for further enlarging the Term granted by an Act, of the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for cleansing and making navigable the Chanel from the Hit, at Colchester, to Wiven-

hoe; and for making the said Act, and another Act, of the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term granted by the said Act, of the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, more effectual.

Ordered, That Captain Martin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill to give further Powers to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry, and to enable them to raise a further Sum of Money towards finishing the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trulls reposed in them.

Vol, 23.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 6° die Martii;

Anno i3* Georgii II" Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

MR. Wilkinson reported from the Committee, to No ©keeling whom the Bill for making Divisions, Inclosnres, jnc^re and Allotments of the open Corn Fields and Common Pasture of the Lordshipof Bewholm,otherwise Bewham, in the Parilli of Nunkeeling, in the County of York; and for settling and establishing the Payment of a yearly Sum to the Impropriators of the Rectory of Nunkeeling aforesaid, and their Heirs, in lieu of Tythes arising within the said Lordship, pursuant to an Agreement betweenthe said Impropriators,'and the Proprietors of the said Lands* was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

OrderedThat the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Dun Consideration the Report from the Committee to whom Navigation the Bill for the more effectual improving the Navigation of the River Dun, from a Place called House, in

the Parish of Barmby Dun, in the County of York, to Fishlock Ferry, in the same County, was committed, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into

Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill were read; and several of them, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon (except One, which was disagreed to) with Amendments to feme of them, agreed to, by the House.

Ordered,

488 6° — 7° Martii. . 1739.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning. be, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. t Berwick Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Writ. tj,e Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, electing of a Bnrgefs to serve in this present Parliament

for the Town of Berivick upon Tioeed, in the room of The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Reftrainin

the Right honourable Hugh Hume Campbell Esquire, a Committee of the whole I louse, to consider further of commonly called Lord Polwarth, now Earl of March- the Bill to restrain and prevent the excessive increase of ^actr monl, a Peer of Great Britain. Horse Races.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs, and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

Prohibiting The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Commerce for prohibiting Commerce with with some

with Spam. Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

Removal of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Grierson’* to enable William Grierfthe eldest Son of Sir Robert Disabihtiei Grierson, of Lag, Baronet, to sue, or maintain any Action y ttam tr. or Sjuit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may have del’cended or otherwise come to him, since his late Majesty s most gracious Pardon, dated the Twenty-ninth Day of June, in the Eleventh Year of his Reign, or that shall hereafter defeend or otherwise come to him; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Prohibiting Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Lords Commerce to the Bill, intituled, An Act for prohibiting Commerce with Spain. with Spain, be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Message re- Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, speding the That he had a Message from his Majesty to this House, Princel?6 of by his Majesty; and he presented the same to the

House: And it was read by Mr. Speaker, all the Members being uncovered; and is as followeth; viz. GEORGE R.

His Majesty having received Proposals for a Marriage between the Princess Mary, and Prince Fi'ederick of Hesse, Son of Prince William, Landgrave of IJeffe, Brother to the King of Sioeden, has been pleased favourably' to accept and agree to the fame; and has thought proper to communicate his Intentions to this House: And as his Majesty can make no Doubt, but that this Alliance with so oonliderable a Protestant Family, will be to the general Satisfaction of all his good Subjects, he promises himself the Concurrence and Assistance of this House, in enabling him to give such a Portion tp his Daughter, as may be suitable to the Honour and Dignity of his Crown and Family.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Address bs presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House for his most gracious Communication of the intended Marriage between the Prim cess Maiy, and his most Serene Highness Prince Frederick of Hesse-, and to assure his Majesty, That this House will enter into the immediate Consideration of this important Affair, in such manner as flrall demonstrate the Zeal, Duty, and Affection of this House to his Majesty, and a just Regard to the Honour and Dignity of his ltoyal Family.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Msyelty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That his Majesty’s £iid most gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to.consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

f'unifliing An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion,

Mutiny and and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Deflation. Quarters, was read the Third time.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Careio took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Taefday Morn- Silk ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Silk Weavers, Thiowlters, and others concerned in Silk Manufactures, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Refotved, ThnXthis House will, upon Monday Morning Westminster

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bridge, upon the Bill to give further Powers to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surry-, and to enable them to raise a further Sum of Money towards finishing the said Bridge; and to perform the other Trulls reposed in them.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy y° die Martii;

Anno 130 Georgii 114' Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

SIR Nathanael Curzon reported from the Committee Proteaionof to whom the Bill for further and more effectually '-'olliene5, preventing the wilful and malicious DeltruClion of Collieries and Coal-works, was committed, That the Committee had considered the Petitions to them referred; and had heard Counsel upon the Petition of John Fletcher; and had also heard Counsel in favour of the said Bill again!! the said Petition; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delir vered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at. the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and several of the Amendments made by, the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Com- Navigation, mittee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual improving the Navigation of the River Dun, from a Place called Wilfick House, in the Parish of Barmby , k» the County of York, to Fishlock Ferry, in the same County; was committed; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report: And the rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a

Second

f 3 Ge<x IL rf Martii.489

Second time* were, upon the Question federally put thereupon, with Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Dunchurch Ordered, That the Lord Mr. Charles Gore,

Road. Mr. Bramjton, Mr. BlagravMr. Sir Jof. Pen-

nington, Mr. Berkeley, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Thomas Gore j and ah the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester and Lanca/ler, beadded to the Committee to whom the Bilifor enlarging ffie Term and Powers granted and given by an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Firli, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick, to the bottom, of Meriden Hill, in the same County, is committed.

Anfoerto Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Addrefe — Adffrefs of Yesterday (to return his Majesty the Thanks Irincel*0 this House for h+s most gracious Communication of Mary. the intended Marriage between the Ptincels Mary and his most Serene Highness Prince Frederic of He/fe, and to afi'ore his Majfcfry, That this House will enter into the immediate Consideration of this important Affair, in such a manner as thall demonstrate the Zed, Duty, and Affection, of this House, to his Majesty, and a just Regard to the Honour and Dignity of his Royal Family) bad been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty Was pleased to return this most gracious Answer: - -

Gentlemen,

I give you my Thanks for this dutiful and affectionate Address, and look upon it as a further Instance of the

gerfonal Regard you have ever shewn to me arid ,my amily.

Answer to Mr. Comptroller also reported to the House, That their

Addref* for Address of Wednesday last (that his Majesty would be gra-Paper*. ciously pleased to give Directions, That there might be laid before this House, a Copy of the Memorial and Petition therein mentioned) had been prefen ted to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Medway Mr. Glanville presented to the IJoufe, according to Navigation. Order a BiH to revive, Explain, and amend, an Act, made in the 16th and 17th Years of the Reign of tiis late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for making the River of Medway navigable, in the Counties of Kent and Sussex: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to coafider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly:

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker refilmed the Chair.

" ’ Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the-House, That . he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Vol. 23.

Mr. Scawen presented to the House, according to stair* Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more eflec- Bridge, tual, an Act, passed in the Thirtjy^ibtb Year oft he Rriigu of Queen Elisabeth-, intituled, An Act for the better Maintenance and well keeping of i Staines- Bridge and E'ghamCaufeway, being the Highway from London to the West Parts of Etigiand; And ttieifamif was received!; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the BiH tie read a Second time.

Mr. Gdrew, according tb Order, reported from the Retraining Committee of the whole House, to whom the Rill toTe- the Im-reai'c strain and prevent the escefiive Increase of Horse Races, of R°rfe was committed'; the Amendments which the Committee Races‘ bad made to the Bill; andwhidt they had directed him to report to the House, and he read the Report in Iris Place; and afterwards del ivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout} and several of the said Amendments, being federally read a. Second time, one by one, as far a6 the Amendment Clause C, wefe, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments tc* feme of them, agreed) to by the House.

Clause C, being read a Second lime; as follows;

.. Clause C: " And whereas a good and wholesome Law * was made in the 1 a (It-Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act " for the more effectual preventing of exoeffive and deceitfulGaming; but, contrary to the true Inteut add " Meaning thereof,lbme fraudulent and deceitful Games " have been invented, and a certain Gahie called Passage " is now daily practised, and carried onv to the Ruin and " Impoverishment of many of his Majesty’s Subjects } N

" it is therefore hereby Enacted and Declared,.Ttiatthe " ;said Game of Passage is hereby declared to be a Game,

or Lottery by Dice, within the Intent and Meaning of thefeid in Part recited Act; and dU and every Per*-"-fen and Persons, who shall set up, maintain, or keep,

" any Office, Table, or Place save and except as m " the said in Part recited Act is provided and declared)

" for the said Game of Passage, thall severally forfeit,

" be subject and liable to, all and every the Penalties " and Forfeitures, in and by the said in Part recited Act - inflicted upon any Pearlbn or Persons who lltall erect,

* set up, continue, or keep, any of the Games or Lot*.

" teries in the said in Part recited Act mentioned; and " all and every Person or Persons, who shall play, set " at flake, or adventure, at the said Game of Passage,

" save and except as in the said in Part recited Act is " provided and declared 5 he and they respectively shall " severally forfeit, be subject and liable to, all and " every the Penalties and Forfeitures in and by the said in Part recited Act inflicted Upon any Person or " Persons, who shall play, set at flake, or adventure,

" at any of the said Gaines, in the said in Part recited " Act mentioned; and all and every such Offenders respectively shall be prosecuted and convicted; and the " several Penalties and Forfeitures shall be l'ued for and " recovered, in like Manner, and to such Uses, as the " several Penalties and Forfeitures, in either of such Cases, ate, by the said in Part recited Act, directed to " be sued for, and recovered.’’

An Amendment was proposed tabe made therein, by inserting after the Words " Game of Passage," and before the Words "is hereby declared," the Words, "and " all and every Game and Games, invented, or to be " invented, with one or more Die or Dice, or with any " other Instrument, Engine, or Device, in the Nature u of Dice, having one or more Figures or Numbers " thereon (Backgataon, and the other Games now played " with the Backgamon Tables only excepted.)"

And the Qafthon being put. That those Words be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

47-

61 Tellers

49°

'° — io

Martiu

A. 1759.

Tellers for the Noes 5^ir Colton,\

Idlers for the I\oes, JMr . $ 2f

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendments following were likewise severally proposed to be made to the said Clause;

To leave. out the Words " is hereby declared," and to insert the Words are and shall be deemed," indead thereof::

To leave out u a Game," and to insert " Games," indead thereof:

To leave out " Lottery," and to insert Lotteries," indead thereof:

Ader the Words " Game of Passage," and before the Words " shall severally," to insert " or for any other " such Game or Games as aforesaid (Backgamon, and " the other Games now played with the Backgamon -< Tables only excepted:)"

After the Words " Game of Passage," and before the Words " save and except," to insert " or at any other " such Game as aforesaid (Backgamon, and the other " Games now played with the Backgamon Tables only " excepted:)"

Ader the Word recovered," and before the Words

in like manner," to insert " and disposed of

To leave out the lad Word " and, " in the said Clause, and to insert, at the End thereof, the Words " and disposed of

And the same were, upon the Quedion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Clause was amended accordingly.

Then the said Clause, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Houife 5 and is as follows; viz.

" And whereas a good and wholesome Law was made " in the 12th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more * effectual preventing ofexcefiive and deceitful Gaming; ,* but, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, " some fraudulent and deceitful Games have been invented, and acertain Game called Passage is nowdailyprac- tifed, and carried on, to the Ruin and Impoverishment u of many of his Majesty’s Subjects; it is therefore here- by Enacted and Declared, That the said Game of Paf- sage, and all and every other Game and Games, in- vented, or to be invented, with one or more Die or " Dice, or with any other Indrument, Engine, or Device, in the Nature of Dice, having One or more Fi-." gures or Numbers thereon (Backgamon, and the other " Games now played with the Backgamon Tables, only " excepted), are, and shall be, deemed to be Games or Lotteries by Dice, within the Intent and Meaning " of the said in Part recited Act; and all and every *> Person and Persons, who shall set up, maintain, or " keep, any Office, Table, or Place save ancj except as in the said in Part recited Act is provided and de-M dared) for the said Game of Passage, or for any other " such Game or Games as aforesaid (Backgamon, and the " other Games now played with the Backgamou Tables, only excepted), shall severally forfeit, be subject, and " liable to, all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures, in and by the said in Part recited Act inflicted upon " any Person or Persons who shall erect, set up, continue, or keep, any of the Games or Lotteries in the said in u Part recited Act mentioned; and all and every Person " or Persons who shall play, let at flake, or adventure,

" at the said Game of Passage, or at any other such " Game as aforesaid (Backgamon, and the other Games " now played with the Backgamon Tables, only excepted) save and except as in the said in Part recited " Act is provided and declared j he and they respectively " shall severally forfeit, be subject, and liable to, ail and 44every the Penalties and Forfeitures in and by the said " in Part recited Act inflicted uponany Person or Persons " who shall play, set at flake, or adventure, at any of the said Games in the said in Part recited Act mentioned; and all and every such Offenders respectively shall be prosecuted and convicted, and the several Pe- 24

*f nalties and Forfeitures shall be sued for, and recovered,

" and disposed of, in like manner, and to such U,fes, as " the several Penalties and Forfeitures, in either of such Cases, are* by the said in Part recited AC|, directed to " be sued for, recovered, and disposed of."

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be 'ingrossed.'

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morri- Qualification

ingnext, resolve itself into'a Committee Of the whole oOlambers. House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Q,ueen Anne, intituled, An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons.'

ResolvedyThat this House will,- upon Monday Mom- - Ways

ing, next resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Means. House, to consider further of Way sand Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Clarke have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That it be an Inilruftion to the Gentlemen Destrufiioa who are ordered to prepare, and bring in, a BUI or Bills of Torn-upon the First, Second, Third, Sixth, and Seventh Re* Plk*3' Solutions (agreed to by the House upoti Friday the 29th Day of February Jail) of the Committee appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring j and to report their Opinion to the House which of them are fit to be revived or continued; that they do prepare and insert, in One of the said Bills, a Clatife to declare, that the Powers and Authorities given to Justices of the Peace of Counties, within that Part of Great Britain called England, by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, 'intituled, An Act for the more easy assessing,collecting, and levying, of County Rates, do and shall extend to J ui-tices of the Peace, for such Liberties and Franchises as have Commissions of the Peace within them Selves, and which are not subject to the Jurisdiction of the Commissions of the Peace for the Counties within Which such Liberties and Franchises lie.

A Mdflage from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Aliena

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Gumwrto* inclosing and dividing! the Common Fields, Common Iaclofurt. Failures, and Waste Grounds, lying within the Manor and Township of Gnhnerton, in the' County of Northumberland: To which the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House.:

And’tfien the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicolas Fenwick have Leave to make a Motion: 1 . .;

And he moved the House accordingly:

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee tions be adjourned. of Pririlegci.


And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

: Lunce yio° die Martiiy

Anno i3# Georgii IIdi Regis, 1739.

P It A V IRS.’t

AN ingrossed Bill for making Inclosures and Allot- Nunkeelio^ rnents of the open Corn Fields and Common Paf- *[cf tu;e of the Lordship of Bewliolm, otherwise Bewham, in Inclosur*-

the

13 Geo. II.

io° Martii.

the P&rifli of Nunkeeling, in the County of York', and fur settlhig and establilliing the Payment of a yearly Sum to the Impropriators of the Rectory of aforesaid and their Heirs, in lieu of Tythes arising within the said Lordship, pursuant to an Agreement between the said Impropriators, and the Proprietors of, the said Lands, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making Inclosures and Allotments of the open Corn Fields and Common Pasture of the Lortiship of Bezoholm, otherwise Beroham, in the Parish of Nun-

keeling, in the County, of York’, and for settling and establilliing the Payment of a yearly Sum to the Impropriators of the Rectory of Nunkeeling aforesaid, and their Heirs, in lieu of Tythes arising within the said Lordship, pursuant to an Agreement between the said Impropriators, and the Proprietors of the said Lands.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Andover An ingrossed Bill for confirming and establishing Ar-Inclosure. tides of Agreement, and an Award, for dividing and inclosing of a common Down, and for dividing, inclosing, and exchanging of Lands lying in the Common Fields, in the Tything of Charlton,in the Parish of Andover, in the County of Southampton, was read the Third time.

The following Amendments were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 26. L. 16. To leave out the Word ‘‘North," and to insert thfc Word " South," instead thereof:

L. 18. To leave out the Word "South," and to insert the Word " North* instead thereof.

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement, and an Award, for dividing and inclosing of a common Down, and for dividing, inclosing, and exchanging of Lands, lying in the Tything of Charlton, in the Parish of Andover,in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Ix>rds, and desire their Concurrence.

Laws re- Sir William Wyndham reported from the Committee fating to to whom the Bill for amending and enforcing the Laws U*d V& relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and dif-ga on s, c. or(jer|ypersons, and for reducing the same into One Act of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws for erecting, providing, and regulating, Houses of Correction; was committed. That the Committee had gone through the Bill,andrnade several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for Conveyance of Vagrants from the Counties of Cumberland, Northumberland, D, and the Town of Berwick upon 'Tweed, to adjacent Shires in Scotland.

And the Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for Conveyance of Vagrants from Scotland to the said Counties of Cumberland, Northumberland,

and Town of Berwick upon Tweed.

And the Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for Relief of Persons who, being Foreigners, and not born in his Majesty’s Dominions abroad, the Place of

V«l. 23.

thei ^Settlement, and Place where they puffed on^ppre- , hended, cannot be discovered.

Arid the Question being put, That the Clarife be

bjronght up; ' 7 1

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Biff;

That the Act shall not extend to Cities and Towns where the Charge of passing Vagrants is directed by special Acts of Parliament:

And the Clause was Twice read; and, tpori the 1 Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bjll, with tile Amendments, be

ingrossed.

1

Mr. Francis Fane,according to Order, reported froirf Supply*

the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio wetfi; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, for the Marrjage Portion of the Prince'fg Mary, one of his Majesty's Daughters.

The said Hefolution being read a Second time';. , ‘

Resolved, NemineContradicente, That the HoUft? do

agree with the Committee in the said Resolution,' That the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, for the Marriage Portion of the Ppncefs,

one ofh Majesty’s Daughters.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Way»

fefolve itfelfinto a Committee of 'the whole House. to and Mean*-consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be, nbw read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of what Monies are now remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, arisen by the Sale of Lands in the Island of Saint Chrifiaphers, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the ijaid Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

' Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the Hodfe will pieafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Colonel Mordaunjt be added to the Whitehaven Committee to whom the Bill fojr the making more ef- Harbeoe-feftual Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Seventh and Tenth Years of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for preserving and enla^ging the Harbour of in the County of Cuifiberland; and for repairing and amending the high Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven, is committed.

'\ ..

Mr. Laroche presented to the House, according to Or- Poor L«. der, a Bill for remedying some Defects in the Act made in the Forty-thirdYear of the Reign of Queen intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor; and in one other. Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his

late-.

u

49l

date Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment and Relief of the Poor; and for making the said Acts more eifeftual: And the same was recei^fed > and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, ..... the said Bill be printed.

DcAru&tion Mr. Henry Archerpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue several Laws therein men-P> . c. tioned, for punishing such Persons as shalt wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways or Locks, or other Works, erected by Authority of Parliament, for making Rivers navigable; for presenting Exactions of thfe Occupiers of Locks and Weirs upon the River of , Westward; and for af-

Oertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River; for preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and for better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty’s Subjects to and from the East Indies', and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty’s Subjects trading thither under foreign Commissions; for limiting the Time for suing forth Writs of Certiorari upon Proceedings before Justices of the Peace, and for regulating the Time and Manner of applying for the fame; for the better and more speedy Execution of Process within particular Franchifesor Liberties; and for extending the Powers and Authorities of Justices of the Peace of Counties, touching County Rates, to the Justices of the Peace of such Liberties and Franchises as have Commissions of the Peace within themselves: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, 'that the Bill be read a Second time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Westminster Resolved, That this House will upon Morn-

Bndge. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, upon the Bill to give further Powers to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City gf Westminste to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry; and to enable them to raise a further Sum of Mouey towards fin idling the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them.

Protection of Ordered, 'f’hat the furtherConsideration of the Report

Collieries. from the Coirhnittee to whom the Bill for further and more effectually preventing the wilful and maliciousDe-struction of Collieries and Coal-works, was committed, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-of Privileges, tions be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 110 die Mar tit;

Anno 13* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

Cannerton A N ingrossed Rill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ladofare. jljL for inclosittg and dividing the Cothmon Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds,lying within the Manor and Township of in the Cotmty of

Northumberland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Nicolas Fenwick, Mr. Compton, M.r. Kynafon, Mr. Blagrave, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Ashby, Sir Jemiyn Dovers, Mr. Hylton, Mr. Hedworth, Sir Henry Liddell, . Mr. Chaffin, Mr. Powys, Mr. Shafloe, Lord Charles

vendish, Mr. Scawen, Sir Miles Stapylton, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Vere, Mr. Monson, Mr. Falle, Mr. Braffey, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Mr. Treby, Mr.

Hales, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr, , Mr, Horjmonden

A.

Turner, Mr. Longueville, "Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr wall, Mr Wyndham, Sir Wm. Heathtote Mr. Drummond,

Mr. Plumptre-, and all the Members who serve for the

Counties of Northumberland, Durham, Cumberland, and Westmorland: And they are to meet this Afieriioon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual; guinea an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of Bridge. Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the better Maintenance and well Keeping of Staines Bridge artd Egham Causeway, being the Highway from London to the West Parts of England, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Scawen,

Colonel Onslow, 3VIr. Treby, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Henry Archer, Colonel Mordaunt, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Hedworth,

Mr Tyner, Mr. Affleck, Lord Charles Sir Miles

Slapylton, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Robert Mitnro, Wlr.Cornewall,

Mr. Crete, Mr. Lyttelton, Sir Roger Bradjhaigh, Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr Lord John Sackville, Mr. Dtimmond;and all the Members \vho serve for the Counties of Sufry, Mid Berks, Southampton, Wilts, Dovfct, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternooii, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual improving the Dm Navigation of the River Dun, from aPlace called Navigation

House, in the Parish of Barmby Dun, in tho County of York, to Fishlock Ferry, in the same County, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz,

Press 20. L. 36. After the Word " any," to leave out t^ie Word " Seven;" and to insert the Word " Six" in-ftpad thereof:

Press 44. L. 32. After the Word *f which," to insert the Word " Forfeiture."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, Thai the bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more effectual improving the Navi -gation of the River Dun, from a Place called Wilfick Housei ifi the Parish of Barmby Dun, in the Cotmty of York, to Fishlock Ferry, in the same County.

Ordered, That Sir Miles Stdpflton do carry the Bill to

the Lords; and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to revive, explain, and amend, an Act, made Medway in tliei6th and 17th Years of the Reign of his late Ma- Navigation, jesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for making the River Medway navigable, in the Counties of Kent and Suffer, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Mr. Polhiu, Lord Middlesex, Sir Charles Wager, Mr.

Gregory; Mr. Gybbon, SirThomas Hales, Mr. Horfmonden Turner, Mr. Fairfax, Lord John Sackville, Wv.Compton,

Colonel Campbell, Mr. Pearfe, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Douglas, My. Ashley, Mr. Wimington, Mr.

Pelham, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Lord Baltimore, Captain

Mdrtin, yir.Olmius, Mr Clarke, Wir.Plumer, Mr Mr. Lindefay, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Sir Wm.

Mr. Jewkes, Mr. Longueville, Sir James Grant, Mr.

Brereton, Sir Jof Pennington, AdmiralMr. Walker,

Mr. Hucks, Mr. Falle, Mr. Laroche, Lord Guernsey; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent,

Suffer, Surrey, the City of London, and for the Cinque Ports; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Lord Marquis of Carnarvon, Lord stivichall Baltimore, Sir William Irby, Mr . MonMr. - Inclosure. ton, Mr. Epelyn, Lord Archibald Hamilton, Mr. Thomas

Pitt, Mr. William Pitt, be added to the Committee to

Whom

i o — r 1?* Martiu

13 Geo. II. n

49?

Whom the Bill for.dividing and inclosing the Commbn Fields in the Parish of alias Stick all, in the County of the City of Coventry, is committed.

Protection of Ordered., That the Order of the Day for refuniing Collieries, the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for further and more effectually preventing the wilful and' malicious Destruction of Collieries and Coal-works, was committed, be now read -

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjoufoed Consideration of the said Report. 7

And the rest of the Amendments; made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severaliyread a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereuponi'with Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the Hoitf^.F And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.;

Personshav- ... An ingossed Bill tbrniaking more effectual the Lews heltTfn^Trust n0whi being for disabling Persons from being chosen for them ine- Members of, or fitting or voting in, the’ House of Com-tigible to be mons, who have any Penfiorv during Pleasure, or for any Member*. Number of Years, or any Offices held in Trust for them,' was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act for making more effectual the Laws now in, being for disabling Persons frdm'being chosen Members of, or fitting or voting in,' the House of Commons, who have any Pension during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, or any Offices held in Trust for them. ’

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Olfedion of Mr. Winninglon presented*to the House, according to C Briefe*00 ^r^er> a Bill for the better and more easy Collecting of Charity Money on Briefs: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Supplying Mr. Bowles from the Committee, who are appointed 'coaJa/ f° consider of Methods for the better accommodating the Cities of London and with Coals, and

to report their Opinion therein to the House; and to whom the Petition of several of his Majestys Justices of the Peace- for the City and Liberty of is referred: and who are ordered to examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the Hpufe; acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Report of some Progress which the Committee had made in the Matter to them referred, together with a Resolution of the Committee therein: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, considered the Matter to them referred.

Your Committee proceeded first to enquire what Quantity of Coals might be obtained from about

therham, ad joining to the River in the County of 'York: And for that Purpose, examined the following Witnesses; viz.

Mr. Robert Moody, being examined, said, That the Cities of London and Westminster might be supplied with large Quantities of Coals from about Rotherham, lying on the River Dun,provided the Dues on that River were

not to be paid for Coals lightered to Gould; and

be delivered at London in the Pool for 22 or 22 3d.

per London Chaldron, at 21 Chaldron per Score, including

all other Dues they are now liable to pay for the fame.

That a Dozen of such Coals, which is called the enf-tomary Ton, and weigh about 34 or 35 C., being One Chaldron and i London Measure, may be delivered from the Pit, on Board the Lighter at for 4#. and

be navigated down the' said River from \ a Mile above or below the said Place, to' Gould Bridge for .3$. 6d. which is about 43 measured Miles by Water; apd the Charge of landing those Coals, and putting them on board the Vessels for London Market would bq 3d. the customaryTon.

And the Witnefssaid, That he is making a. Pit, and; has got to the Coal; but has not fold any; which lies about 2,0 Yards deep from the Surface of the Earth: Atfd the first Vein or Seam is about 3 Feet { thick*/the next Vein lies about 14 or 15 Yards deep; and the Seam is from Seven Feet , to about Eight Fegt j thick; which, he believes, may produce per Acre about 10,000 Chaldron of Coals, LondonMeaiurq; and h^a covenant-

ed ford Lease of 46. Yeary to work above xoo Acres, which lie about a Mile from the said River:

THftt the Earl ^of ffalton has a Colliery about f & Mile from th'e saidRiyer, and Lord Effingham has- another, which lies about Three measured Miles.from the same: And that Coals have been sold at for

25. 6d. the Doz. or. customary Ton, at the Pit, although the Colliery is drained by Horses:

rthat the Lighters navigating on the said River carry, frqm 10 to 20 customary Tons, and many 100 Tons of Coals are1 carried down the fame; and Staiths may be made lit Gould, to load Ships in Niep Tides.; and such’ Staiths, when ereftied, will not lie higher from the Water than the Warehouses at Hull: r.

That Ships of 150 to 160 Tons can come to Gould at all times, and, except at dead Nieps, or very dry Weather, Ships of 200 Tons can come there; and the same Wind that carries Ships from the Humber will carry those from Gould to the Spurn Lights in One Tide, and sometimes in Two; but such Ships may be delayed at Hull One or Two Days; and the Coals.shipped at Gould pay no Duty for Lights either to Burlington Pier, or Trinity House; so that the Charge of Lights from Gould -

to London will he about 3d. per London Chaldron.

Then he produced an Estimate of what would be the Expence of a London Chaldron of Coals shipped at Gould, and delivered in the Pool; which is as follows;

* Delivered from the Pit on board the Ligh- £. s. d. '

ter at Rotherham..... — 3 2^-

Lighterage to Gould - 3 —

Unloading and putting on board the Ship — — 3 Freight - 7 —

Old Duty - 5 —

New Ditto- - - - — 3 —

Orphans Duty - - - . — — 6

Lights ----- 3

I 2 2i

Discount on promptPayment, 2 J per Cent.

He was afleed, Whether that Estimate was made from his own Knowledge,or from Information?

He said, from Information:

That he had consulted several Mailers of Ships, who would freight with Coals from Gould to London for 7 per Chaldron, London Measure:

That Ships freight with Wheat at Hull, for London, at 65. 8d. per Ton; and Ships, having full Freight at Gould, would carry as cheap; Corn Vessels frequently lying at London for a Market near Three Weeks or a Month; which, if Coals can be afforded for 22 or 235 per Chaldron, it is not to be feared that they will lie so long.

Mr. Francis Ratcliffe, Steward to Lord Effingham Howard, and takes care of his Collieries, being examined, said, That Lord Effingham has 400 Acres of Coals, which lie Three measured Miles from Rotherham, and is of the same Nature as the Newcastle Coal; and no Person interferes: That he fells a Doz. of Coals, or 64 cubical Feet, weighing about 26 or 27 C. at the Pit for 35. and at the Staiths near Rotherham for 55. which is the customary Price; but is at the Expence of 15. 4d. more, per LowdowChaJdron.to get themto the Staiths,than what Mr. Moody will have Occasion to pay; and the Vein or

6 K Seam

Supplying London With Coils.

494

Seam, from whence the Coals are got, lies about 24 Yards deep, and about 3Teet § thick, and can work 15,000* Doz. per Annum:

Th6t he advanced the Price of Coals lad Michaelmas at the Pit to 3 s.; which was occasioned by cleaning the fame, and making them more fit for Use:

That Lord Malton has a Colliery about f a Mile from the River, which is worked by the Tenant; and believes he fells the Coals by Contraft, and draws them to the River for 8 4-Per frozen: That his soft Coal is very good; but not so good as Lora Effingham's, although they are fold for the same Price; and his Lordship fells to any Person.

And also said, That he will deliver to any Person whoi will-tty the Experiment, 500 or 1,000 Doz. of Coals for 5 s.per Doz. at the Stajths; and will engage, that the Proprietors of the Navigation shall take no River Due^ for navigating the same to Gould-, but believes, by Information, it is impracticable to fend them to London, and fell the same under 29*. per Chaldron: And, were no Dues to be paid for Coals going down that River, he would not advise his Lord to fend them, to;

thinking he must be a Loser, although his Coals are the belt thereabouts: And the Witness does not think Mr. Moody'& Coals are so good; because Lord Effingham's Coals lie deeper than the Line of Coals in the Work Mr. Moody is now carrying on: That Mr. Moody has not, in his Opinion, above 16 Acres of good Coal; and in some Places where he may get Coals, they lie iao or 130 Yards deep, and the Winning thereof will not answer the Expence.

And he further said} That in dry Seasons there is not Water sufficientto supply the Navigation, and the Mills on the said River; by reason the Canals cut by the Shallows, and put into the deepest Head of Waters lying above the Mills, and the frequent navigating through those Cuts, will make a Deficiency of Water to the Mills, till supplied by Rain.or Frefhes; which Scarcity happens One or Two Months at a time; and, if large Quantities of Coals should be navigated down the River, the Trade for Goods on the same mull be detrimented: That the Millers are often obliged to collect Water for to work their Mills One or two Months at a time in the Year; but believes, for about Six Months in every Year, there may be Water sufficientto carry down any Quantityof Goods; and believes 20,000 Chaldron of Coals may go down every Year, without Damage to the Navigation.

He was alked, That, if there was a Demand for Coals, could they not be bought cheaper? Said, He presumed they might; and that the Coal Trade has of late rather increased; andpropofes to fend more down the River, if he can:

And also said, That 30,000 Tons of Goods are now carried down the River, as he is informed; and, as he takes i t, the present Appl ication of the Proprietors to Parliament iswith a View to the further Increafeof the Trade of the River; he therefore thinks the whole Quantity of Goods that may go down the River, when the new-invented Cut is made, will be 50,000 Ton per

Thomas Cooper, being examined, said, That Coals may be carried from Rotfterham to Gould for 3s. 6d. the cul-ftomary Ton, weighing 34 or 35 C. though the Lighters should go back empty. Coals being at present carried to Thorn for 3^. which is J of the Way, and may be carried from thence to Gould for 6d. more, being but Seven Miles further; and, the Water flowing from Nine to 16 Feet between those Places, that Ships would sooner load with Coals than Timber, the one being more certain than the other, the Charge of loading Coals being cheaper than Timber:

That in dry Seasons the Lighters which usually carry 20 customary Tons in the W inter, and draw Three or Three Feet iWater, will carry but 12 or 15 Tons, and can go in Three Days £ from Rotherham to Gould, and back again in Six Days and f; and, if they should have no back Carriage, 3$. 6d. per customary Ton will be sufficient; the navigating one ol those Lighters requiring butThree

1739.

Hands, at 14 d. 1 6d.or 18 d.per Diem each, being

about 4J-. per Diem, and One Haler, at 5 for the Voyage from Stainforth to Rotherham, which is 30 Miles;

but with a North East Wind can go back without him; and One Haler upon an Average is sufficient.

John Smith, M illwright, and chief Engineer to the Proprietors of the said River, being examined, said. That bd has been acquainted with the same 13 Years; and when the new-intended Cut is made, there may be brought down the River from Rotherham to Gould 14 or 15,00b customary Tons of Coals, and about 15,000 Tons of other Goods, making 30,000 Tons in the whole per Annum; and thinks a greater Quantity cannot be navigated down the said lUver, there not being Water sufficient. to navigate more without doing great Detriment to the Mills, the Water being scanty in Summer:

The Lighters which carry 20 customary Tons are 10 Days at the lead, and may be 11 or 12, going from Rotherham to Gould, and back again; which'are navigated down the River with Four Hands; but sometimes in returning back, although empty, with a contrary Wind, use Five or Six Hands; and in passing through fume of the Locks, wait 10 Minutes before a' sufficient ’ Quantity of Water can be collected to let them through; but in the Winter there is Water enough 1 and One-half of the Year they can navigate at any time, except when great Freflies happen: That he has paid $s. cnfto-mary Tons for Goods, Weight 27 C. per Ton, dnd never less than 4*. from Rotherhant to Gould; anil from Rother-

ham to Thorn is now 31. for Goods and Coals; there being no Difference as to the Price.

He was asked, What would be the Expence of unloading a customary Ton of Coals out of the Lighter, and putting them on board a Ship

Said, lie believed not less than ir. per Clialdron.

He was further asked. What might be the Expence of building a Staith to hold 2,000 Chaldron of Coals

Said, About 500, 600, for £. 1,000; but does not know that proper Conveniences can be had for building the fame.

Your Committee then proceeded to enquire what were the Prices usually paid for a Freight of Goods from several Places near Gottld Bridge, and likeWife from thence.

Captain Antony Hammond, being examined, said, That he has traded from Hull to London 30 Years; his Ship is 130 Tons,. carries Seven Men and a Boy, and draws 10 Feet Water, and can afford to freight with Coals from Gould to London for ’js. per London Chaldron, and stay Four or Five Days in the Pool to deliver: And he pafles Gould whenever he goes from London to York:

That the Freight of Com from York to London is, when Wages are low; from iod. to 1;. per Quarter, and sometimes lies 14 or aoDays before he can get his Loading; and, when.at London, lies some Wfeeks before he breaks Bulk, without being paid any additional Freight for lying the re: And Com Ships fetdora make more than Three or Four Voyages in the Year; but he could make 10 or i2 Voyages from Gould loaded with Coals, and go aH the Winter, the Voyage being more safe than from Newcastle: And, fnppoiingbe should stay in the Pool 14 Days before the Coals are delivered, he could afford to stay that time for 1 ad. per Chaldron more.

And also said. That Ships of 150, 160, and 200 Tons, can go to Gould in Niep Tides.

William Walmesley, Mariner, being examined, said. That his Ship is 100Tons, carries Seven Men and hitn-self, and uses the coasting.Trade; and carries all Sorts of Goods from Rawcliffiabove Hull; and is paid 1 o.v. per Ton Freight in Peace, and 121. in War: That he woo'd have 1 os. per Chaldron for Coals from Gould to London in Peace, a,nd 14s. in War: He is sometimes loaded at Hull in Seven or Eight Days, at other times 14 Days; and cannot make above Six Voyages per Annum: That he has (laid in the Pool a Month, and often 14 Days, loaded with Corn from Hull, lie fore he broke Bulk: And the Freight for Oats and Malt per Last,. which is iq

Quarters,

11* Martii.

13 Geo. II.

11* Martii.

495

Quarters, at present, is 15#.; but never less in Peace Committee four different Bills of Lading of Freight

than 11 s. 6d. or 1 as.: For Wheat 18r. per Last; and paid for Oats and Wheat from Gould Bridge and York to

20s. from Gould: That he can go from thence to Hull, London:

which is about 20 Miles, in Two Tides: and it may hap- By which it also appeared, That the Freight paid for

pen to be a Week; That he can make more by freight* Oats from Gould Bridge to is from 51. to 6s.

ing with Corn than with Coals; and, could lie always be per Ton for Oats, and for Wheat 7 6d.; and Oats sure of being loaded with Coals from Gould, would not from York 6s. per Ton, and Wheat 6s. 3 ctrry them under for. per London Chaldron; and should And, being examined, said, That 5 per Tou Freight expect, if he lay t ere above a Week, 25* per Diem for Oats is the lead that is paid, and feidom more than Demurrage, although he never had ligned Charter Party 12 d.per Quarter: That in a Ship of 70 Tons may be in the Coaliing Trade: (lowed about or 500 Quarters of Oats; and, if loaded

That a Ar«era/?/eShip can make ioVoyages to London with Wheat, about 3^0/or 400 Quarters,;

per Annum; which cannot be done from Hull; and has Upon the Whole, Matter the Committee came to the

been loaded at Neiocajllc with Coals in 24 Hours; which, following Resolution:

if the same Conveniencies were made at Gould, Ships Rg That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

might be loaded there as soon: That the Cities of Lpndun and Westminster rady have

That he never freighted Lead from Hull, or knows Supply of Coals, j at a reasonable Price.fnom Rotherham, what is paid for the fame: That he is middling well ao and the Places adjacent, on the River-/)*, in the County quainted with the River between Raxvcliff and Hull, of Yorkprovided a fmailTonnage only be takfen foi-such

having been up the same Three or Four times,: t Coajs, as Audi be brought down the said River, and

John Gabon, Mailer of a Vessel of 70 Tons, being ex- shipped for Sea* . - i :; ’

arhined, said, That' he trades from Rawctif'to London, . O, That the said Report be referred'to-the and is 14 Days, upon a Medium, on the Voyage; and Consideration of,a Committee.of thewboleHouse. if he was constantly supplied with Coals at Gould,he R That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

could not carry them to London under 1 os.per London next, refolye jtfelf into a Committee of the whole Chaldron in Peace, and 14^. in War; and believes, he House, to consider of the said Report, could make Eight Voyages per Annum, and, if a quick v 1

Dispatch, Nine Voyages; but could not stay above a Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Week at London; which, if the Ship was 150 Tons, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it wasre-they could not be earned for less: . ferred to consider further of Ways and, Means, for raif-

That he has loaded Corn at Hull for 1 of per I*act for ing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions Oats and Malt, which now is 15*. and 20 s.for Wheat; which they had directed him to report to the House; and from Goidd Oats and Malt is 15 s.and Wheat in which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in Peace i$s. per Last, and 20 s.in. War: That he has at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read: and

been freighted with Lead from Hull,at 7*. per Top, are as followethj. v/z.

Seven Pigs to the Ton, which is the customary Price, and R That it is the Opinion of this Committee; is 14 Days taking his Loading on Board, and the same That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, time delivering in London-, and has made Five Voyages his Majesty bp enabled to issue and apply the Sum of per Annum from Rawcliff'to London^ Twenty-one thousand Pounds One Shilling and Eight

He was a Iked, What was the Expence of the Ypflel Penpe Halfpenny, now remaining in the Receipt of his per Month? Said, About £.14 per Month in time of Majesty’s Exchequer, arisen by the Sale of Lands in the Peace; and mentioned the several Particulars, which Iftapd of St. Christophers. ..... 1 -

amounted to £.15- 1 s. Resolved, That [t is the Opinion of this Committee,

Mr. IVm. Wolfe, Book-keeper to Mr. Edmund Chi- That so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Jhull, Cornfactor, laid before the Committee Six different Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Bills of Lading of the Freight paid for Oats and Wheat better Pnefervation of, his Majesty’s Woods in America; from Howden, Three Miles above Qould Bridge, and aqdforthe Encouragement of the Importation of Naval

from Hull; and a\(o from Gould Bridge to London, , Storps from thence; and to encourage the importation of By which it appeared, That the usual Freight paid for Vfafts, Yards, and Bowsprits, from, that 'Part of Great Oats from Howden, Three Miles higher than Gould, ip Britain called Scotland i* relates to the Premiums upon from 6s.to ys. per Ton, at Six Quarters to the Xpo, Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; and for Wheat 6s. 8 d.to 7 s.6d.; and for Wheat from near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Hull 6s. 8 d.per Tou; from Gould Bridge Oats for. to Refbtvea, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

6s. 6d.and Wheat ,6s. 8 if./*r Ton. , .. ... That an Act, made itt the Ninth Year of the Reign of

And being examined, said. That the Ships,mentioned his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further ehcou-. in the Bills of Lading which he had produced, went in raging and regulating the Manufacture of Ballad from the River Thames to the "several Places Sail Cloth; and for the more effectual feouring the Duties aforesaid to load with Corn- , now payable on foreign Sail Clbth imported into this

That the Freight of Oats' per I*aft from Newcastleto Kingdom; which was to continue in forte; from the 24th.

London is from 1 is. to 13.?. and from Gould to London Day of June I73^» for the Term of Five Years, and it is generally cheaper; and great Quantities of Corn is from thence to the Epd of the then next Session of Par-brought from Newcqfile: That Six Quarters of Pats is liament, is pear expiring, and fit to be continued, about 20 C. Weight; but not so eaiy to lloiy as Wheat, The said Resolutions, being feveraJly read a Second being bulky; the Weight of fine Doncaster Wheat is time, were, upoqthe Question severally put thereupon,

6olb. the Bushel. agreed to by the House*

And lie likewise produced Two Agreements, between Ordered, That it be an Inltruftion to the Committee the Mailers and Freighters, dated 3d and 16th of April of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his *739$ by which it appeared. That, if the said Ships Majesty the Sum of Dne Million out of the Sinking were not delivered in Ten Days after their Arrival in the Fund, for the Service of the Year 1740; and for enabling Port of London,so many Days as each of them should, his Majesty to raise the further Sum of Two hundred

lie over that time, they were each to be paid 10s. per thousand Pounds out of the growing Produce of the said Diem Demurrage. , ,t , Fund; is committed; That they have Power to receive

Anti he said. That Ships load at Goidd and Howden \n a Clause pursuant to the First of the said Resolutions.

One or Two Tides. Princeft

Mr. George Robinson, Book-keeper to Johnao<L7 ho-The House was moved, That the Resolution of the Mary», mas Simpson, Cornfactors, on Tower Hill, laid before* the House of Yesterday, for granting to his Majesty the Sum Marriage

_ pApf

Vol. 23.

Of Portion.

45.6

© o

I I —

Martii.

A. 1739.

Restraining the locrease of Horse Races.

of Forty thousand Pounds, for the Marriage Portion of the Princess Mary, One of his Majesty's Daughters, might be read:

And the said Resolution being read accordingly; Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Ile-solution: And that Mr. Francis Fane, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Dodthe Lord Sundon, Mr. Wilmington, Mr. Earle, Mr. Attorney General, ’Mr. Sollicitor General, Mr. Scrope, and Mr. F6.v, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill to rest rain and prevent the excef. five Increase of Horse Races, was read the Third' tfrrie.

The Amendments following were severalfy propifed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Prelsi. L. 1. To leave ’out- the Word "bombers," and to iufert the Word Number,’’ instead thereof:

L. 10, Leave-out the WoVd *-and':"

L. 22; After the Wotd" nor," tb1 ftiferf the

WoFd "(hall#: .1 . ' 1 . '^1'’

Prefer L.lafu After the'Word " Weight," to’iVife A " and that no Horse, Mare, or Gelding, being OF if he "-.Age'of Six Years, shall be entered, (tarted,‘’Or Am,

" for Plate, Prize, Sum of Money,’ or otheHhlbg whatever, unless such Kdrfe, Mafe, or-Gdlorng, .‘‘ fi^all carry Eleven Stone Weight,- competing FVtrrteen Pounds to eac^ Stone1 Weigh#:* ‘ 5 -1!' *'

Press 3. L. 1. To leave out the Word " above,’.’ and to inferf the; Word1 " of;" and to leave out the-Word " Five," and to insert " Seven," inllead thereof1: '

L. 27. After the Word " ," to

insert "Heath,in jthe Coiinties'of Suffolk

L. 33. After the Word " to in-

fert the Word. " Heath."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. "

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that t he Title be, An Act to restrain and prevent the excessive Increase of Horse Rapes; and for amending-an Act, made m. the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act f6r the morC effectual preventing of excessive and deceitful Gaming: Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to' the Lord?, and defice their Concurrence

: ;!l 1 1:

Naturalized Parsons non-resident in the Kingdom.

The other Orders of the Day being read;-: ' Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day'^lonthj resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tfo consider further of the Bill to prevent the Inconvenient cies which ,may arise from naturalizing Persons Whb shall not continue to reside within'his Majesty’s Dominions after their Naturalization. ' - ' '

n

Silk

Kjuiufa&urc.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the' whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Silk Weavers, Throwfters, and others, concerned in Silk Manufactures, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Qualification Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-«f Member*. ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments,-by the farther qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Comraonsd ‘ -

*» - [ *

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

’ i

-i i-i

Mercurii, 12® d;

Anno 13* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

SI R James Dashwood reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for continuing and making more effectual an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Ring George the First,. for repairing the <ltoads from the Top of Church Hill to En-

foiv-BHdge, and the Road from through

ttye Cjty of Oxon, by Begbrook,to New in the County of 'Oxon, except the Mile Way on each Side of ‘tlib'f-'id City; and for. repairing the Road from the ’Crdtpi Alc House to the Turnpike on Stoken Church Hill ‘afore find; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to'hurtle'; artd had gone through the Bill, and made fe-venjl Amendments thereunto; which they had direct^ 'hirirth report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place";' arid afterwards delivered the Bill, with the 'Afn^h'dmeivts in at the Clerk’s Table: Where (he -ffmerianrients wetfd bnce read, throughout j and then a Second tim’e, one by One; and, upon the Qucition fe-'Vftsflfy but thereupon,' agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the' Bill, with the Amendments, be ingfofled. ;: ' 1 ’

i’ !-

Mr. Francis Fan$ presented to the House, according to Order, la Bill for providing a Marriage Portion for the Princess Mary: And the same was received, and read thfe Firfttlme.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Miles Stapyltoffprefenfed to the House, accord-

ing (o Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual. An Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, For the Winding of Wool; which Act was made perpetual by an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of

Queen Elizabeth: And the same was received.

\.:i. '

Mh Digby reported from the Committee to whomthe Bill for enlarging the Terra and Powers granted and given by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of hi^/lAte Majesty King George the First, intituled, An repairing the Road leading from Dunchurch, in the* County of Warwick, to the Bottom of Meriden Hill, in the fame'Cdunty; and for making the Laid Act more effectual'; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, ‘in at the Clerk’s'Table: Where the Amendments were bnce read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,.agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr; Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lejkeard, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of George Dennis Esquii e, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill for further and more effectually preventing the wilful: and malicious Destruction of Collieries, and Goal-works, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 1. L. 32. To leave out the Word "otherwise:"

L. 39, and 40. To leave out the Words " and " not being necessary to the getting and working of " their own Coals

Press

Stoken Church Hill &c. Roads.

Princtfe

Mary's

Marriage

Portion.

Winding of Wool.

Dunchurck

Road

Leflceacd

Writ

Protection of Collieries.

Supply BiH;

.Sinking Fund.

Sheffield

Chapel.

Oiler’s, kc> Nat.

Supply Bill; Sinking Fund.

Encou raging Seamen to volunteer.

Prohibiting Commerce with Spaink

Qualification of Members.

Committee of Privi leges.

13 Geo. It. ia* — 13

Press 2. L. 8. To leave out the Words " the first," and to insert the Words " every such," instead thereof.

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title he. An Act for further and more effectually preventing the wilful and malicious Destruction of Collieries and Coal-works.

Ordered, That Sir Nathanael do carry the Bill,

to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day was read, for the House to resolve ilfelf into aCommitteeof the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One Million, out of the Sinking Fund, for the Serviqe of the Year 1740; and for enabling his Majesty to raise the further Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, out of the growing Produce of the said Fund.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Sawyer

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making a Chapel, lately built by Robert Goldsmith, and others, in the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York a perpetual Cure and Benefice; and for making a Provision for the Maintenance of the Curate or Minister of the said Chapel, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, without any Amendment. And all'o,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing IsaacOLicr and with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Hoyfe.

And then the Mqffengers withdrew.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One Million Out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1740, and for enabling his Majesty to raise the further Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, out of the growing Produce of the said Fund, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clatife of Credit.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself info a Committee of the w hole House, to confnler further of Heads of a Bill for the further and better Kncourngement of Seamen to enter voluntarily into his Majesty"s Service.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Fox took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Fox reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being-read;

Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for prohibiting Commerce with Spain, be taken into Consideration upon Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Qu eon Anne,intituled, An Act for lean ing the

Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

V©L. 23.

Martiu 497

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovts, 1 30 alieMariii;

Anno 13* Georgii IId‘Regis, 1739;

P li A Y E R S.

MR.Comptroller presented to the House* pursuant fighting to their Address to his Majesty, Copy of the ttwMedfui-cjj

Memorial and Petition of the Court of Lord Mayor and &c,ut t-oas*

Alderman of the City of London,in return to a Letter from the Privy Council, requiring them to carry into Execution the Act for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals:

And the Title thereof was,read;

Ordered, That the said Copy of the said Memorial and Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee who are appointed to considerof Methods for the better accommodating the Cities of London and Westminster with Coals, and to report their Opinion therein to the House; and to whom the Petition of several of his Majesty’sJustices of the Peace lor the City and Liberty of Westtniirjier is referred; and who are ordered to examine the Matter thereof4; and report the fame, with their Opinjon thereupon, to the House.

The said Copy of the said Memorial and Petition is ' bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Joseph Pennington reported from the Committee to Whitehaven whom the Bill for making more effectual Two Act-s of flarl}our* Parliament, passed in the Seventh and Tenth Years of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for preserving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland-, and for repairing and amending the high Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of was committed; 'That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,.and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Plate; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: \Vhere the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for providing a Marriage Portion for the Prince6 Prineefs Mary, w as read a Second time. Mary’s

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Ponioa*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee a" of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee to Recovery <rf whom the Bill for the more easy and effectual Recovery finall Debt*, of small Debts, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: \' here the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Vercpresented to the House, according to Order, Prevention

a Bill to prevent collulive Qualifications of Persons to oi..,jluiiv« vote as Freeholders, in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities, and Counties of the same Freehold Cities, in that Part of Great Britain called England: Elector*. And the same was received; and read the Firit time.

6 L Resolved,

49^ 156 MarUu A. 173

Resolved, That the Biilb# read a Second time; Ordered, That the said Bill be printed;

Supply Bill; Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from

puking Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill

un ' for granting to his Majesty the Snm of One Million out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1740; and for enabling his Majesty to raise the further Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds out of the growing Produce of the said Fund; was committed; the Amend-, tnents which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, iti at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Laws re- An ingrossed Bill for amending and enforcing the

lating to Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and

Rogues, \ ;i- (ijfor(|erly Persons, and for reducing the same into One ga oo s, c. Parliament; and also for amending the Laws for

erecting, providing, and regulating, Houses of Correction; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons; and for reducing the same into One Act of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws for erecting, providing, and regulating, Houses of Correction.

Ordered.That Sir William Wyndham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

P»or Law*. Ordered, That the Bill for remedying some Defects in the Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, Intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor; and in One other Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief of the Poor; and for making the said Acts more effectual; be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Qualification Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ot'Trusteti the Qualification of Persons acting as Trustees for re-Roads>a,rin^ Pa'r'nt> the Highways and Roads within that Part of 0 s’ Great Britain called England-, and giving them Power to inspect and take Copies of Books and Accounts relating to such Highways and Roads: And that Mr. Robert Hacks and Mr. Henry Archer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Rrrompence Petition of the Watermen of the Parishes of . b> \a^oi-eD Margaret and St. John the Evangelist, Westminster, was

build in" presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That Wcuininster by an Act made in the 11 th and 12th Years of the Reign Bridge. of his Majesty K ing William the Third, for the Explanation, and better Execution, of former Acts made touching Watermen and Wherrymen rowing on the River Thames-, and for the better ordering and governing the said Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, upon the said River, between Gravesend and it

is provided, That the said Act, or any thing therein contained, should not extend to hinder or prevent the Watermen of the Parish of Margaret, Westminster, from plying or working cross the River from

Westminster Bridge to and from the Horse

Ferry to Lambeth Bridge, on every Lord’s-day; and that the Money earned by them, or any of them, on that Day, is thereby directed to be, from time to time, employed for the I fe of the poor, aged, decayed, and maimed Watermen, and their Widows, of the said Parish of St. Margaret, Westminster;and that, by an Act passed in the qth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for building a Bridge cross the River from the Hciv

\FalaccYard, in the City of to the opposite

Shore, in the County of Surry, it is enacted, that th# Recompence Money fit. to be made to the poor Watermen of the Parishes of St.Margaret and St. Johh the Evungelijt, in Westminster, fliriuld be verted in the Hands of the Overseers, Rulers, Auditors, and Assistants of the Society or Company of Wherrymen; Watermen, and Lightermen, upon the River of Thames, between end and U’indjori to be laid out by them, or the major

Part of them, in some of the publick Funds; and the Income and yearly Prdduce of the said Money to be distributed amongst such poor, aged, decayed, and maimed Watermen, and their Widows, of the said Parishes, in such Manner and Proportion as shall he thought proper, from time to time, by the said Overseers and Rulers, Auditors and Assistants, or the major Part of them: And that the Petitioners conceive, that, by the said Clause; great Inconveniencies may arise to the said poor, aged, and decayed Watermen, in being relieved as their Necessities may require, they being so far distant; there being but Seven or Eight general Courts held by the said Company of Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, in one Year; by which means the Poor cannot, as the Petitioners conceive, be so suitably supplied with the necessary Additions, as they now are with a weekly Supply, and with Money for the Burial of the Dead: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and that a Clause may be inserted in the Bill depending relating to Bridge, for veiling the said Recompence Money in the Hands of the Church-wardens of the Parishes of

Margaret and St. John the Evangelist in for the time being, to be by them placed and laid out in some of the publick Funds, or on Government Security, or in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition doJie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for inereaf;of the Increase of Mariners and Seamen to navigate JVler- Seamen lor chant Ships, and other trading Ships or Vessels: And Merchant* that Sir John Barnard, Mr. Alderman WiUimott, Mr. ^erv,ce' Sandys, and Sir James Loiother, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Henry Fox, according to Order, reported from Encouraging the Committee of the whole House, who were appointed Seamen t to consider of Heads of a Bill for the further and better voluilteer-Encouragement of Seamen to enter voluntarily into his Majesty’s Service, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House'; which he read iu his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a voluntary Register of Seamen will be of great Utility to this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Register shall extend to all the Dominions of the Crown of Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Fraternity of Trinity House of Deptford Strand be intruded with the Management of the said Register, with Power of appointing inferior Officers and Servants necessary for the Execution of the said Trust.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a pertain Sum of Money be paid to every Marti who is willing to register.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That every registered Man shall be obliged to give an Account of the Place of his Abode to the Register Office.

Resolved, That it vb the Opinion of this Committee,

That the registered Men shall be divided intoClafles.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a yearly Pension be allowed to every registered Man who shall be disabled in Fight, over and above such Allowances as are now given; and a yearly Pension to every Widow of a registered Man llain in Fight, over and above the present Allowances made to fuchWidow; and if the Party leaves any Children, that each of them have ayearly Pension, until theyarrive at the Age of Fourteen.

Resolved,

13 Geo. It. 13° Martii.

499

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every registered Man he exempted from paying the King’s, or Parish Taxes, Or serving in any Parish Offices, or serving in Or contributing towards the Militia.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That none be preferred to be petty Officers in Any of his Majesty’s Ships but registered Men.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion Of this Committee, That all petty Officers in Merchants Ships, As Boat-fvvains, Gunners, Sic. be chosen out of registered Men.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Men, who shall register themselves, do retriain oO the Register no longer than to a certain Age.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Men who shall have continued on the Register to a certain Age, do enjoy all the Advantages of registered Men during Life.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all registered Men shall have the Preferenbe of being admitted into Greenwich Hospital.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Captains, or Commanders of his Majesty’s Ships of War, who shall be applied to in foreign Parts, 'shall take on board any registered Men, and the Men so taken on board shall, from that time, be deemed Part of the Ship’s Company, and receive Wages accordingly.

Resolved, That it is 4he Opinion of this Committee, That registered Men be allowed to go into the Merchants Service, when the Service of his Majesty shall not require them; and that the proper Officers do give them Certificates for the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That registered Men be entitled to receive their Wages

o o

in certain Proportions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Seamen, now absconding in foreign Parts, or at Home, on account of Running of Goods, who shall enter on board any of his Majesty’s Ships, and claim the Benefit of this Register, shall be entitled to their Pardon, except Persons who have been concerned in actual Murder.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all registered Men who shall be summoned to appear on board any of his Majesty’s Ships, and shall neglect or refiife to do the fame, shall be subject to be punished as D' ferters.

ResolvedrThat it. is the Opinion of this Committee, That all foreign Seajnen, who shall claim the Benefit of Ibis Register, shall be entitled to all the Rights and Privileges of natural-born Subjects.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Trustees of Charity Schools for the Education of Boys, shall be obliged to put forth Apprentice to the Sea Service, Inch as shall find Mailers willing to take them.

Resolved, That it is (he Opinion of this Committee, That registered Men shall wear some honorary Mark of Diilinciion.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Register Office be obliged to give an Account to the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the time being, of all the Men that shall be registered.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Register Office shall, on the Receipt of an Order from the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the time being, for any Number of Men contained on the Register, issue out their Orders for the said Number of Men, to appear according to the Order directed to them, as aforesaid.

The First and Second Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Quef-tiou severally put thereupon,'agreed to by the House.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Refoliltion, That the Fraternity of ’Trinity House of Deptford Strornl be intrusted with the Management of the Vbt. 23.

said Register, with Power of appointing inferior Officers; Arid Servants necessary for the Execution of the said Trust; ,

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

1

53*

Tellers for the YeaJAWermnn/^tto/r.

I Mr. lhomas Gore:

Tellers for the Noes.|

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till this Day SeVennight.

} 78.

The Order of the Day being read, for Edward Lijte Privilege- — Esquire, a Member of this House, to attend this House suspendin^i in llis Place; Member 8

And the House taking Notice; that he did not attend fro*1* it-According to the said Order;

And the Serjeant at Arms attending this House being called upon to give an Account of the Service of the said Order;

The Messenger who was Ifent to serve the said Order was called in, and acquainted the House, That he went with the said Order to the House of the said Mr. in Red Lyon Square, but found the same locked up; and was informed by the Neighbours, that the Goods were rembved, and that they thought Mr. Life was gciio beyond Sea: That afterwards he went to Monies Court, in Hampshire, the House of the said Mr. Life, and there being no Servant of Mr. Life there, he left a Copy of the said Order with a Person, who laid he was retained by Dr. Burton to take care of the Gardens there: That then he went to the Sheriff of the County; and delivered the original Order to him; and that he has since beeii informed by several Persons (One of them Mr. Life's Steward) who have received Letters from him of a late Date, that lie was at Montpelier in France-, and that he was also informed by another Person, that Mr. Life dismissed his Servants at Dover, and told them he was going abroad, and did not know whether he should eveir return to the Kingdom again.

And then the said Messenger withdrew.

Then the Petition of Cacilius Calvert Esquire (which was presented to the House upon the 28th

Day of February last, and ordered to he upon the Table) was read; letting forth, That Edward Life Esquire, a Member of this House, did, in the Year 1733, fell to the Petitioner an Annuity of Four hundred Pounds, to be issuing and payable out of his Estates in the Counties of Southampton, Wills, Dorset, and Somerset, for the Petitioner’s Life; and accordingly the said Mr. Life, to secure the Payment thereof, did, by certain Deeds, dated the 27th and 28th Days of September 1733» charge his said Estates, in the said Counties, with the Paymetit of the said Annuity to the Petitioner, and his Assigns, during Ins Life, in such manner aS in the Deeds is mentioned and expressed; and that the said Mr. Life not paying the said Annuity according to his Agreement for that Purpose, the Petitioner did, in Michaelmas Term last, exhibit his Bill in the Court of Chancery against the said Mr. Life, and others, who lay claim to the Estates; and that the said Mr.

Life,being a Member of this House, is entitled to the Privilege thereof; and therefore the Petitioner cannot now proceed according to the Rules of the Court; he being Party to the said Bill: And, in regard the Petitioner is likely to be a great Sufferer, by not knowing where to apply to the said Mr. fife, praying. That the Petitioner may be at Liberty to proceed against him in such manner as he shall be advised, notwithstanding any Privilege he may be entitled to as a Member of this House.

Resolved, NemineConlradicente, That Edward LiJU Esquire be suspended from the Benefit of the Privilege of this House (except as to his Person) until he shall attend this House in his Place.

The other Order of the Day being read;

fb*

Go 5k

500 15° — 140 1739-

iTeftmintter The House resolved it (el f into a Committee of the Bridge, whole House, upon the Hill to give further Powers to the Commissioners for building a Bridgecross the River / Thames,from the City of Wcjtmiujler, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry; and to enable them to raise a further Sum of Money towards fmiftiing the said Bridge, and to perform t he other Trulls reposed in them.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Winniuglon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wilmington reported from the Committee, 'That,

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of tire Clock.

- __________ 1_____.

Veneris, 14" die Mart it;

Anno 130 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1739*

P it A y e it s.

Stoken A N ingrefied Bill for continuing and making more!

.ChurchHill, f\_ effectual an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the

(*c. Road*. Rcign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from the Top of Stolen Church to Enjb.no Bridge, and the Road from Wheatley Bridge, through the City of O.roby , to -

stock, in the County of Oxon (except the Mile Way on each Side of the said City); and for repairing the Road from the Crown rileHouJ'e, to the Turnpike on Church Hill aforesaid: was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing and making more effectual an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from the lop' oi- Church to

Bridge, and the Road from Wheatley Bridge through the City of Oxon, by Begbrook, to New Woodstock, in the County of Oxon (except the Mile Way on each Side of the said City); and for repairing the Road from the Crown Ale HouJ'e, to the Turnpike on Stuken Church Hill aforesaid.

Ordered, That Sir James DaJInoaoddo carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

De..ruction A Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned, for ot lpunishing such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously ^c- pull down or defiroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways, or Locks or other Works erofted by Authority of Parliament for making Rivers navigable; for preventing Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Weirs upon the River of Thames Westward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River; for preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and for better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty’sSubjects to and from the East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all hisMiijefiy’sSwbjeftstradingthither under foreign Commissions; for limiting the Time for filing forth Writs of Certiorari upon Proceedings before Justices of

the Peace, and for regulating the Time and Manner of applying for the same; for the better and more speedy Execution of Process within particular Franchises or label tics; and for extending the Powers and Authorities of .1 unices of the Peace of Counties, touching County Rates, totiie Justices of the Peace of such Liberties and Franchises as have Connnifiions of the Peace within tin mselves; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Archer, Captain Vanbrugh, Dr. Mr. Dawkins, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Hubert Grojccnor, Mr.

Nr. Yorke, M v. Loathes, Mr. Fane, Mr. Far, Mr. Harley, Mr. Sjieke, Mr. Pupil Mr. Mr.

nun d, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Longuecille, Mr..Digby,

Mr. Treby, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Knight, Mr. Duckett-, j Sir Henry Gough, Mr! Laroche, Mr. Afleck, Mr. TreJ fufis, Mr. Kyiuijion, Si rjermynDavers, Mr. j

and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber*

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the IToufe Princes* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for providing a Marriage Portion for the Portion. Princess Mary, he now read:

Aud the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved, That thelaftClauie of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to settle an Annuity of Fifteen thousand Pounds on his Royal liighness the Duke of Cumberland, and the Heirs of his Body; and also one other Annuity of Twenty-four thousand Pounds on their Royal high|iefl'es the Princess Amelia, the Princess Caroline, the Princess Mary, and the Princess Louija j might.be read:

And the said Clause was read accordingly.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com-inittee.

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.

Mr Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker refuraed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That’ they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- ment9 thereunto; which they had directed him to report,i when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir John Barnard presented to the House,. according Xncmfe'tf

to Order, a Bill for the Increase of Mariners and Seauaen to navigate Merchant Ships, and other trading. Shifts' $ervjet> and Vessels; And the same was received; and read the-First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself Supply into a Committee of the whole House, to consider fur-' ther of the Supply granted to his Majesty, was read j

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wav*

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the and.M*in& whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Supplying

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Lo!",°n^llk House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, °‘1*' who are appointed to consider of Methods for the better accommodating the Cities of Jjondon and W(Jiminfer with Coals; and to report their Opinion therein to the House; and to whom the Petition of several of his,

Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster is referred; and who are ordered to examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That the Bill for remedying some Defects in Poor Laws* the Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act; for the Relief of

the Poor; and in one other Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief of the Poor, and for making the said Acts more effectual; be read a Second time, upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Committr* Elections be adjourned. otPn,

And

15 <3eo. II.

Marti.

5<*

And then the Fleafo adjotimed1 Wll> Monday . Mcr/artig next, Ninb of the Clocks 1

M/Tf*

il

♦r-rr

♦t^T-

nrirr

rrrr

1 *. if

i.'Cvi

t,un<z, if die , 1o

f\nnp' if C,eocgiiTldf ViZfr v

PjEtAYEBS.

Ill: .<

Olier’s,

Nat

See.rp H E Hopfe,prpceeded tp tpke info* Qopfideratipp . _J_ the Amendments, made by the Lords,.to the Bill,

intituled, An Act for naturalizing and Chris-

tion Stkutte:'

And ihe'said Amendments ‘wbrb fead‘: bbtiare &s follow*; ink- 1 f- v!l

* . Ordc/W^ThaEMr., Vpre docarry the Bill to tlje 'LbrdS, and acquaint them, Thai this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.'V ’ -yj .'t /

Prevention Ordered, That the Bill to prevent collufwe Qftatiftba-of collufiv* tions of Persons to vote as Freeholders kithe Eiedlion of Qualifies- . jtG fervein Parliamdntfor Cities, and iColih ties

Freehold of the ^ame Cities, in that Part of Great Rrituih. called Electors. England,be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Qualification Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House of Members, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effec tual, an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Amie, intituled, An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by thefartherqualilying the Members to fit in the House of Commons, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly.;

The House resolved itself into the said Comraittee.. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Rujhont took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker reformed the Chair.:

’bit the Number ^Pe^ohlsdh^self^d^fry to*

be appointed’ Otertfe^s-' df^fh^ JPoW:'ftf fdch 'Panlhy Township, Village, or Place; and‘4oi‘ettffh tf/eNAmes of such Persons to the Justices df thfePeWfce’of she*Ooun-ty, City; Riding. Bbfo>u&ftJ ffown €orpot^e, l#prty, or Division^at 'a Specim Semhns to be by them held for that \Pi^po5b^aAd'tttllVre6t./tie f^ Ju^e^qj^jnate and bppoittt^Une^httJ^ of flJb Persons, so returned to them, to serve as Overfefts VyfifcHe fot'^afcR'PilHlh, Township; V<*4ge-Ibr‘^jteai<‘fl

The House divided. ’ '*

The Yeas went forth.

tellmfortlK-Yea.. '.Itta.

~ , /. , xt f Sir John Heathcote, 7 ,

Tfeltemtsy. Vj?8.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

'A Message'fhom ‘tfhd LoAJs, by Mr. Sanyer and Mr*

Montague *; 11

Mr. Speaker The Lords do

Meflige from Lords delirin^ tho t House tocon-

dfcfire1, That tHis'Hotife Sk’lfl continue tinue fitting.

fitting for f0tne4iBjie. ro

And then the Messenger? withdrew. f Resolved, That this Hohfe- doth agfpeto1 Continue' . fitting lor feme tin 1 asthd'Lpi'ds do desire.’.

And the Mergers were qgain calledIn ’ an‘dr^j(r-' Speakeracduaihtetl them therewltli; ‘

- And then the 'Mfeffetigeiisi’agdin ^ithdi'e’vv,

' . i , hr; ,:t .: ,> > °-‘1 ' v.

‘OPd^red,’ That,'K|H. Bramfpn, Sir Geo'C^faalh 'iWr.

: <5or<?'iNlr.'* M ^'.'Ocd-neivdll'Wlr. '.^blla(Jton^, Mr.

Bayntun Rolt, Mr. Kintifiof, Mr:' be added to

/ thb G'ohiniWtee'tb1 v^hrorn the lffll for dividing apd inclo-‘'sing- the COmmOn Fields in the P^riih of Stk'icluiii, alias Stickail, in the Cotinty of the City Af Cpventry, is Committed. - ’ " ‘ ' *-

Stivicha.fi

Inclosure.

Princess

IVIary’s

Marriage

Portion.

Mr. Francis Fant, according to Order, reported from the Committee of theavhole House, tb whom the Bill for providing a Marriage Portion for the Princess Mary, Was committed; the Amendments which trie Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had dirr&edjiitrt to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Mace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by onfe; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

, ' agreed to by the House.

v . Ordered} That the Bill, With the Amendments, be ingossed.

_ 1 < '

_ r

Poor Laws. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for remedying some Defeats in the Act, made in the Forty-shird Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Poor, and rn One other Act, niiade in the Ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the First,. intituled, An ‘ *J Act for amending the Laws relating to tlta Settlement,

Employment, and Relief, of tire Poor; and for making the said Acts more effectual; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. "

Ditto. A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to direct the Inhabitants of every Parish, Township, Village, or Place, who have been rated, and have paid, towards the Relief of the Poor the Year preceding, to deft annually doU-V«Hk ag.

Ordered, That the Lifts of the Proleftions^d writ-

ten Cortifi’cates entered in the respective. Offices of 4^ie 'Sheriff of the County of Sfidd,lcfex,pi the Secondary of the Poultry Compter in London, and of the Seqppjdary of the Wood street Compter in London (whiftiwer^peefeut-

ed to this House upon the 28th day of Februaryt ^aft); and the’Returns made by several Sheriffs to,an Order of this House, of the 1,5th Day of Fdp-uary.l^C,f^r Accounts of Protections and written Cert mcatps^qterf d nin' their -respective Offices (which Returns Imlvo peon delivered to the Clerk of this House)into ‘Chnsideration xi^oiCThurfdayMorning n^x4»

‘ 11 1 i 1 *711 i

Mr. Winnington, according so Order, reported foom the Committee of the wlxde rHoufo> to whom* the Bill to give further Powers to the Corttmffiionersfor hulHing a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of WeJI-. tninster to the opposite Share, in the County of Sierry; and to enable theca to raise a furtlior Sum,towards fuiifliing the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts repo led ip them; was. committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they bad directed Jiiiu so report to the House; and he read thp Report jn Lis Place;j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments.in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were oticeread throughout, and then a Second time, ppe by one; «nd; upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. , .,

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for vesting the Money to he paid by the Commissipaers. to the Watermen of the Parishes of and St.

John's Westminster, as a Recompence for the Sunday's Ferry, in the Churchwardens of those Parishes, as Trnf-teesfor the Watermen, instead of the Corqpanyof Watermen, to whom that Recompence is juow pjiypble by virtue of an Act made in the Ninth Yegrprh^.pffpfent Majesty’s Reign: , j, 1/

Protections, Sic. in Sheriffs Office of Middlesex.

Westminster Eridge.

And the said Clause ,was poce read:.

6M 1

A Motion

501 170 — r 8* Martiu 1739.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Clause be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas. .9.

Tellcre for th, Noe6, flfc ] 34-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-

ofPrivileges. tions be adjourned.

Address on A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr.

taking Port* Montague:

Bello. Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed upon an Address to his Majesty: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence'of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Address was read; andisas follows; viz.

Most gracious Sovereign,

We your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and in Parliament assembled, do congratulate your Majesty on the glorious Success of your Majesty’s Arms in the West Indies, under the Command of Vice Admiral Vernon, by entering the Port and taking the Town of Porto Bello, and demolishing and levelling all the Forts and Caltles belonging thereto.

This Enterprize, so wifely concerted, and so bravely conducted, cannot fail of giving the utmost Joy to all your Majesty’s faithful Subjects, since it also rds the moll reasonable Hopes and Expectations, that, by the Blelling of God upon your Majesty's Councils and Arms, it may be attended with other important Advantages, and highly contribute to the obtaining real and effectual Security of those just Rights of Navigation and Commerce belonging to your Majesty’s Subjects; for the Preservation of which your Majesty entered into this necessary War.

The laid Address being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by adding, after the Word " thereto," at the End of the First Paragragb, the Words " with Six Ships of War " only}"

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TeUers for the Yew, j M?frZhle: } 36.

Tellers for the Noes, j £}r; } 3«.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Laid Address, so amended, was, upon the

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, Nemine contradicente.

And the Blank therein being filled up by the Clerk with the Word "Commons;"

The said Address is as follows; viz.

Most gracious Sovereign.

We your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament afliembled, do congratulate your Majesty on the glorious Success of your Majesty’s Arms in the West Indies, under the Command of Vice Admiral by

entering the Port and taking the Town of Porto Bello, and demolishing and levelling all the Forts and Castles belonging thereto, with Six Ships of War only.

This Enterprize, so wifely concerted, and so bravely conduced, cannot (ail of giving the utmost Joy to all your Majesty’s faithful Subjects, since it also rds the moll reasonable Hopes and Expectations, That, by the Blef-

sing of God upon your Majesty’s Councils and Arms, it may be attended with other important Advantages, and highly contribute to the obtaining real and e&Ctual Security of those just Rights of Navigation and Commerce belonging to your Majesty’s Subjects; for the Preservation of which your Majjeuy entered into this necessary Wan

Ordered, That the Lord Guernsey do go to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Address, with an Amendment: To which Amend-- menl this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

The Lord Guernsey reported, That he had, according to Order, been, at the Lords, and acquainted their Lord, ships. That this House had agreed to the said Address, with an Amendment: To which Amendment this House desired the Concurrence of their Lordships: And that he had left the said Address, and Amendment, with their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Sawyer and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by this House, to the said Address.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 18° die Martii;

Anno 13* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1739.

Praters.

MR. Nicholas Fenwick reported from the Committee Gunnertou to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- inclosure. tuled, An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Walle Grounds, lying within the Manor and Township of Gunnerlon, in the County of Northumberland, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrafted Bill for providing a Marriage Portion for princefj the Princess Mary, was read the Third time. Maiy’a

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Marriage be, An Act for providing a Marriage Portion for the PortittD' Princess Mary.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for the better and more easy collecting of Colfoaion of Gharity Money on Briefs, was read the Second time. Charitie* on Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Briefr.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill

An ingrossed Bill for making more effectual Two Acts Whitehaven of Parliament, passed in the Seventh and Tenth Years of Harbour, her late Majesty Queen Anne, for preserving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland’, and for repairing and amending the High Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Seventh and Tenth Years of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for preservingandenlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland

and

13 Geo. II. 18° — 19 0 503

and for repairing and amending the High Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Pennington do carry the Bifl to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Time appointed for receiving Addrtfj.

Puniftiing Mutiny and Desertion*

Dun

Navigation.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded them to acquaint this House, That his Majesty has appointed to be attended with the Addrefsof both Houses of Parliament this Day, at Two of the Clock, at his Palace of St. James And that their Lordships intend to be there at that time. And also.

The Lords, have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual improving the Navigation of the River Dun, from a Place called Wilfick House, in the Parish of Barmin/ Dun, in the County of York, to Fishlock Ferry, in the same County, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to s j . consider of the Report fronrthe Committee who are ap* Lon do/with pointed to consider of Methods for the better accommo- Conk, dating the Cities of London and Westminster with Coals; and to report their Opinion therein to the House; and to whom the Petition of several of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster is referred; and who are ordered to examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Saunter and Mr.

Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Gore's establishing and confirming an Agreement between Wil~ Agreement. liam Gore Esquire, Executor of Edward Gore Esquire, deceased, and Mary Gore, Widow of Thomas Gore Esquire, deceased, for herself, and on the Behalf of Charles Gore, an Infant, relating to the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, paid by Francis Freeman Gentleman, to the said Edward Gore: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Dunchurch An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Road. granted and given by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from

church, in the County of Warwick, to the Bottom of Meriden Hill,in the same County; and for making the said Act more effectual; was read the Third time.

Hefolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and given by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First.. intituled, An Act for repairing the ltoad leading from Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick, to the Bottom of Meriden Hill, in the same County; and for making the said Act more eifeftual.

Ordered, That Mr. Digby do carry the BUI to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Prevention Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second of coilufive Reading of the Bill to prevent collusive Qualifications of Uo»s as* Persons to vote as Freeholders in the FJeftion of Mem-Freehold bers to serve in Parliament, for Cities, and Counties of Eiedtors. the- same Cities, in that Part of Great Britain called England, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed!.

Resolved, That the BHi be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to extend the Provisions of the said Bill to Towns that are Counties of themselves, as to Persons, who have a Right of voting the re for Members of Parliament, in virtue of Freeholds of Forty Shillings a Year.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Silk Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn* Manufacture ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Silk Weavers, Throwfters, and others concerned in Silk Manufactures, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Prohibiting Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, Commerce to the Bill, intituled, An Act for prohibiting Commerce with Spam, with Spain, be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Vol. *3.

1

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 190 die Mar til;

Anno 13* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1739.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Gore’s for establishing and confirming an Agreement be- Agreemea*. /tween William Gore Esquire, Executor of Edward Gore Esquire, deceased, and Mary Gore, Widow of Thomas Gore Esquire, deceased, for herself, and on the behalf of Charles Gore, an Infant, relating to (he Sum of Three thousand Pounds, paid by Francis Freeman Gentleman, to the said Edward Gore, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr.

Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act, for providing a Marriage Portion for the Princess Mary, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Princess

Mary’s

Marriage

Portion,

Mr. Henry Archer reported from the Committee to Destruaion whom the Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned, Tu^"Plke,» for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously-pull down or destroy Turn pikes for repairing Highways, or Locks, or other Works, erected by Authority of Parliament, for making Rivers navigable; for preventing Exact ions of the Occu piers of Locks and Weirs u pon the River of Thames, West ward; and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River; for preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and for better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty’s Subjects to and from the East Indies; and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty *8 Subjects trading thither under foreign Commissions; for limiting the time for suing forth Writs of Certiorari upon Proceedings before Justices of the Peace, and for regulating the time and manner of applying for the fame; for the better and more speedy Execution of Process within particular Franchises or Liberties;, and for extending the Powers and Authorities of Justices of the Peace of Counties, touching County Rates, to the Justices of the Peace of such Liberties and Franchises, as have Commissions of the Peace within themselves; was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he

504 19" Martli. "A. 1739.

Answer to Addrefe.

Increase of Seamen for Merchant Service.

Royal Assent to Biiir.

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table i Where the Amendments were once read throughout* and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question federally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be ingossed.

Mr. Speaker reported, That both Houses attended his Majesty Yellerday with their Address: To which his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer;

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I thank you for your dutiful Congratulations on this Success, which is so much for the Honour and Interest of my Crown and Kingdoms. The Satisfaction you express in the Measures I have taken is very agreeable to me.

A Bill for Increase of Mariners and Seamen to navigate Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships or Vessels, was read a-Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peerp.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up. to attend his Majesty.

And being returned ;,

Mr, Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for providing a Marriage Portion for the Princess Mary:

An Act for the more effectual securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Subjects to

America-, and for the Encouragement of Seamen to enter into his Majesty s Service:

An Act for naturalizing such foreign Proitestants, and others therein mentioned, as are settled, or Lha.ll settle, in any of his Majesty’s Colonies in America:

An Act for pnnishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters: An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the Abuses and Frauds of Persons employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron Ma-nufaSures, ..... of Leather:

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose:

An Act for repairing the Road between in

the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham:

An Act for making more effectual Three several Acts /of Parliament, one of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and another of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Kin for

repairing the Highways from Old Stratford in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch in the County of Warwick, and the Third made in the Tenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, fqr making more effectual the mid Two former Acts: '

Anl AS for the more effectual improving the Navigation of the River Dun, from a Place called Wilfick floufe, in the Parish of BannbyDun, in the County of York, to Fi/hlock Ferry, in the same County

An Act sets nftakthg a Chapel, lately built by Robert Downes, Goldsmith, and others, in the Tow n of Sheffield, in the County of York, a perpetual Cure and Benefice; and for making a ProviOori for the Maintenance of the Curate or Minister of the said Chapel, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose: ' .

An Act for explaining several Powers container! in the Will of William late Lord Craven, for making Jointures arid Leafos; and for rendering the same Powers more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended: '

An Act for confirming had: establifiling an Exchange, agreed upon between the Lord of the Manor, and the ReClor.of the Parish Church, of in the County of Norfolk; and for promoting and facilitating aa Inclosure intended to be made.of/djlvers Commons,

Common Pasture* and Waste Grounds,lying in the said Parish of Great Bircham:

An Act to enable William Grieifmt, the eWeft Sou of

Sir Robert Grierfoii',of Lag, Baronet, to fbe or maintain anyA&ionorSuit,notwithstajpdingbisAttainder; and to

remove any Disability iri him, by; reason of his said Attainder, to takeor inherit aoyreal or personal Estate, fthafc may have descended or otherwise oorae to him.since his late Majesty’s most gracious Pardon,'dated the 29th Day of June, in the Eleventh Year of his Reign, or that shall hereafter defeend or otherwise come tbhim:

Am AS to enable Thomas Belte/worth Esquire, and his He its Male, to takeand ufo the Surname of pursuant to the Will of Ijeonard Bi Efcjuire, deceased: ,

An ASfor naturalizing Amalie Sophie de Wcdlmoden:

An Act for naturalizing’ Atitony Vazeilie, Stephen Saintandrd, and others: ",

An Act for naturalizing Isaac Older, Schutte,

John Daniel Cottin, and Henry Lydl.

Mr. Robert ffucks frefented to the House, according Qualificatioa to Order, a Bill for the Qualification of Persons aSing Trustees as TVuftees for repairing the Highways and Roads with- p,^Paifin» in that Part of Great Britain called England; and -giving them Power to inspeS and1 take C6pies of Books and Accounts relating to such Hig'liwaysaad Roads: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The "Order of the Day being read, for taking into Reawvery of further Confidemtion the Report from the Committee of SmaiU)«Uj. the whole House, to whom the Bill for the ntbne easy-and effeSfral Recovery of fnaall Debts ^Vas committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into farther Consideration upon this Day Sevennigbt.»

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Ways to resolve itself into a Committee!of. the whole House, and Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing, the Supply granted to his Majesty ;-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the "fetid Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read ;.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the supplying whole House, to consider of the Report froto the Com- London with mittee who are appointed to consider of Methods for the Coal*, better accommodating the Cities of London and Wtfbnin-yfer with Coals, and to report their Opinion therein to the House; and to whom the Petition of several of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster is referred; and who are ordered to examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman WiUxmott took the Chair of the Conn mittoe.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman WiUimottreported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had

directed

*3 Geo. It. tp# — 20* — 210 Mar it i. gag

directed him to report, whdh the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till To-tnorroW Morning, Nine of the Clock.

tl Jovis, 20* die Martii;

Anno 130 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1739.

Prate its.

Privilege. A COM P L AIN T being made to the House, That'

jr\ Christopher Waltham, Richard King,

Robert Brown, Obed Martin,

Acester, Thomas Tanner, Caleb JValtham, Thomas ,field, Henry Fall airfield, William NelJim, and John Witty, did, on the ift Day of February lafi, enter the Warren of the Right honourable the Lord Visconn't Galway, a Member of tins House, in the Parrftt of in the County of York, and there killed d great Number of Rabbits, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to: the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the fame, with their *’ Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Prevention' Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hbu’fe of eollufive so resolve itself into a Committee of the whcle House, tions as*" upon the Bill to prevent eollufive Qualifications of Per-freehold fens to vote as Freeholders in the Election of Members Electors. so serve in Parliament for Cities, and Counties of the same Cities, in that Part of Great Britain called England, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses to restrain pny Person from voting for the electing of Mem-bersto serve in Parliament for any City, Borough, Port, 'f'owny or Place; in that Part of Great Britain called England, unless such Person has been in Possession of the Fraochife for which he claims a Right to give his Vo.te, For a certain time to be limited} except lie is ihtitled thereto by Burgage Tenure, or tKatr such Right acchies to him by Descent, Marriage, Birth, or Servitude, of where the Right of Election is in afelect or limited Number of Persons;

" ten Certificates of the Members of this House be declared void in Law, and be forthwith withdrawn, and " called in; and that none be granted for the future; " and that, if any shall be granted by any Member, " such Member mall make Satisfaction to the Party in* jured, and shall be liable to the Censure of this House;" and also the Order of the House, made the same Day, for publishing the said Handing Order} were read:

And the Journal of the House, of the 18th Day of February 1723, in relation to an Order of this House for Reprinting and publishing the said Handing Order, was also read.

' Ordered, Net.nine cotitradicente, That the said Handing

Order be re-printed, and published, by setting up the feme in the Lobby at the House Door, at -

hall Gate, and at the several Courts in and at the Inns of Court and Inns of Chancery, and at the Royal Exchange, ami at the Two in

and on the Wall within the new Sessions House at Edinburgh; and that a Copy of the said Order be lent to the Clerk of the Peace for every County, City, Riding, Liberty, Division, and Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England, and to the principal Cleik - of the Selllon in Edinburgh, with Directions to them respectively, forthwith to deliver a true Copy thereof to tile Sheriffs and Stewards of their respective Count ies’, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Liberties, and Places, and so yearly to every new Sheriff or Steward, within One Week after he shall have been sworn into his Office: Andall Sheriffs and Stewards of thefeveral Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, and Places within this Kingdom, and the Secondaries of the Compters of London, are hereby prohibited to enter in their Books any Protection or Written Certificate, signed by any Member of the House' of Commons, but upon such Protection or written Certificate being given to them, forthwith to return the feme to the Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of this House do forthwith acquaint the House with such Protections or written Certificates as shall be so returned to him, if the Parliament be then fitting, or if the Parliament be not then fitting, within Three Days after their next Meeting.

Ordered, That the said Orders be Handing Orders of this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nhie of the Clock.

I. 1 -..... — —

It passed in the Negative. ’

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Walpole took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Walpole reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the iloufe will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Refutations The House, according to Order, took into Considera-respecting tion, the Lifts of the Protections and written Certificates Proudhons, entered in the respective Offices of the Sheriff of the V«rnd>m County of Middlesex,of the Secondary of the Poultry Compter in London, and of the Secondary of the Wood-street Compter in London-, which were prefen ted to this House upon the 28th Day of February lafi; and the Returns made by several Sheriffs to an Order of this House of the 15th Day of February lafi, for Accounts of ProteClions and written Certificates entered in their respective Offices; which Returns have been delivered to the Clerk of this House:

And several of the said Returns were read.

And the Handing Order of the House, made the 31st Day of January 1718, " That all Protections and writ-Vol. 13.

Venerts, 21° die Martii;

Anno 130 Georgi Ildi Regis, 1739.

PRAYfeRS.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr.*?<ra>yer and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Protedticm for further and more effectually preventing the wilful of Colhenw. and malicious Definition of Collieries and Coal Works, without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A.cl Restraining to fefirain and prevent the excessive Increase of Ilorfe Races: and for amending an Act, made in the lafi S* f- jlac^' 8 Hon of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing of excessive and deceitful Gaming j without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Walpole, according to Order, reported from the Prevention Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent eollufive Qualifications of Persons to vote as Freeholders Iti the Election of Member* to serve in Par- Freehold liament for Cities, and Counties of the fameCities, in that Eleftow.

Part of Great Britain called England, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the

Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the

6 N House -t

PeftruAirm of Turn-pikes, &c.

Stivirhall

Inclosure.

ro 6

1° Martii. 1739*

House *, and he read the Report in hi* Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table s Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the

Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to continue several Laws thereiri mentioned for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways, or Locks or other Works, erected by Authority of Parliament, for making Rivers navigable; for preventing Exact ions of the Occupiers of Locks and Weirs upon the River of ThameWeftward; and for ascertaining the Hates of Water Carriage upon the said River; for preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrelis; and for better securing the lawfulTradeofhis Majesty’s Subjects to and from the East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty's Subjects trading thither under foreign Commissions; for limiting the time for suing forth Writs of Certioran upon Proceedings before Justices of the Peace, and for regulating the time and manner of applying for the fame; for the better and more speedy Execution of Process within particular Franchises or Liberties, and for extending the Powers and Authorities of Justices of the Peace of Counties, touching County Rates, to the Justices of the Peace of such Liberties and Franchises as have Commissions of the Peace within themselves; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways, or Locks or other Works, erected by Authority of Parliament, for making Rivers navigable; for preventing Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Weirs uport the River of ThaWeft ward; and for

ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River; for preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and for better fecnring the lawfulTrade of his Majesty V Subjects to and from the East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty Subjects trading thither under foreign Commissions; and for limiting the time for suing forth Writs of Certiorari npou Proceedings before Justices of the Peace, and for regulating the time and manner of applying for the fame; for the better and more speedy Execution of Process within particular Franchises or Liberties, and for extending the Powers and Authorities of Justices of the Peace of Counties, touching County Rates, to the Justices of the Peace of such Liberties and Franchises, as have Commissions of the Peace of such Liberties and Franchises as have Commissions of the Peace within themselves.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Archer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Mordaunlreported from the Committee to

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields in the Parish of Stivichalias in the County of the City of Coventry, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Alderman WiUimott, according toOrder, reported Supplying from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it London with was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee who are appointed to consider of Methods for the better accommodating the Cities of London and

minster with Coals, and to report their Opinion therein to the House; and to whom the Petition of several of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster, is referred; and who are ordered to examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; Viz.

Resolved, That it it appears to this Committee, That the high Duties, of Three Shillings and Four Pence per customary Ton, to be paid to the Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Dun, for Coals coming down that River, in order to be shipped for Sea, has been One great Impediment to Coals coming down that River to be shipped for Sea, and the Caui'e of the Duties having produced nothing.

'Hie said Resolution; being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

as

CruUer*

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That ships em< the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High ployed Admiral of Great Britain do lay before this House, a f rn,"l Lift, of such of his Majesty’s Ships of War as have been employed as Cruisers, for the Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom on this Side CapeFinijlerre, since the iotli of July last; distinguidling the time each Ship was ordered to remain, and the time such Ship did actually remain, on such Cruise; together with the Reasons ot her returning to any Port of this Kingdom;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas j

S,(Mr. Southwell:

Tellers for the Noes, j Mp*

I Mr. Henry Fox

So it passed in the Negative.

97-

145-

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Poor Law*, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for remedying some Defects in the Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor; and in One other Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief of the Poor; and for making the said Acts more effectual;

J?f*/c)foerf, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Silk into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the M -Petition of the Silk Weavers, Throwfters, and others, concerned in Silk Manufactures, whoseNames are thereunto subscribed, was read.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for prohibiting-Commerce commerce with Spain, be taken into Consideration upon Tueflay with Spain, Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mean*. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

13 Geo. II. 24*

Luricey 24° Martii

Anno 13* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1739;

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr.

from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended imported, %c. Rt the Door

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Duty paid upon Importation of raw Silk from for Seven Years,

to Christmas 1738; with an Account of the Drawback

thereupon; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Duty paid upon the Importation of thrown Silk, for Seven Years, to Christmas 1738; with an Account of the Drawback thereupon; distingnilhingeach Year: And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Duty paid upon the Importation of raw Silk from the East Indies, exclusive of China, for Seven Years, to Christmas 1738; with an Account of the Drawback thereupon; diliin-guishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Duty paid upon the Importation of Velvets and wrought Silks, for Fourteen Years, to Christmas 1738; with an Account of the Draw back thereupon; distinguishing each Country, and qach Year; together with a Return to the Order of this House of Monday the 3d Day of this Inllant March, that an Account be laid before this House, of the Amount of the Duty upon the Importation of raw Silk from Naples and Sicily, for Seven Years lall pall; with an Account of the Drawback thereupon; distinguishing each Country, and each Year:

And then he withdrew’.

And the Titles of the said Accounts, and also the said Return, were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Return are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Martii. $07

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Blagrave, Mr. Ord, Mr.

lon, Mr. Edward Kinajion, Mr. Taylor, Lord Glenorchy,

Mr. Bramston, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Digbif, Sir Abraham Elton, Sir Charles Mordaunl, Mr. Sir

William Carexv, Mr. Henry Archer, Mr.

Mr Pollen, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. Southwell, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Boone, Lord Barrington, Mr. Hales,

Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Hume Campbell, Lord Gage, Mr. Ly tile ton, Mr. Bayntun Holt, Mr. Archer, Mr. Powys, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Wil-kinfon, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Wil/on: And all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Wilts, and Oxon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to give further Powers to the Com- Westminstetf missioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, Brid*«, from the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry, and to enable them to raise a further Sura of Money towards finishing the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to give further Powers to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River from the

City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surry; and to enable them to raise a further Sum 0/

Money towards linishing the said Bridge; and toper-form the other Trulls reposed in them.

Ordered, That the Lord Sundon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Stlvichall mon Fields in the Parish of Stivichaalias Stichall, in luclofur*. the County of the City of Coventry, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields in the Parish of Stivichall,alias Stichall, in the County of the City of Coventry.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

ChristChurch Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the

electing of a Burgefsto serve in this present Parliament

for the Borough of Clirijl Church in the County of Southampton, in the room of Joseph Hinxman Esquire, deceased.

Staines Mr. Scawcn reported from the Committee to whom Bridge, the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Aftpaded in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the better Maintenance and well-keeping of Staines Bridge and Egham causewny, being the Highway from London to the Well Parts of England, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments ( hereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and several of the Anifiidmentsmade by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Core'* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Agreemint. for establishing and confirming an Agreement between William Gere Esquire, Executor of Edward Gore Esquire, deceased, and Mary Gore, Widow of Gore

Esquire, deceased, for herl'elf, and on the behalf of Charles Gore, an Infant, relating to the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, paid by Francis Freeman Gentleman, to the said Edward Go, was read a Second time. Vot. 23.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty the Sum Supply Bill; of One Million out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1740; and for enabling his Majesty to raise uu the further Sum of Tw o hundred thousand Pounds out of the growing Produce of the said Fund; wras read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One Million out of the Sinking Fund, i’or the Service of the Year 1740; and for enabling his Majesty to raise the further Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds out of the growing Produce of the said Fund; and for granting to his Majesty the Sum of Twenty-one thousand Pounds One Shilling and Eight Pence Halfpenny re- maining in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, arisen by Sale of Lands in the Bland of Chri/ta-phers; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of John Harman, of the Parish of St. Cle- poor Lxvrt. ment Danes, in the County of Middlesex, Gunsmith, was presented to the House, and read: setting forth, That the Petitioner finds, b v the Votes of this House, there is a Bill now depending for remedying some Defects in the Act, made in the Forty-t bird Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor; and in one other Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled.

An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief of the P^or. and for making the said Acts more efftftual: That, the 18th o

5°8 i4b — 2 50 . A. 1740*

April 1738, Two 3ustices of the Peace appointed the Petitioner, and Four others, Overseers of the Poor of the saidParish of St, Clement Danes; which the Petitioner apprehends is contrary to Law, they having only a Right to appoint Four: That, by aClause in the said Bill, the Petitioner apprehends, that all Nominations of Overseers of the Poor heretofore made, if the Bill pafl'es into a Law, are declared to be valid, which will very much act’eft the Petitioner, in regard there have been several illegal Proceedings against the Petitioner, for not serving asOver-fter in the said Parish of St. Clement and which

have been foadjuclged by the Court of King's Bench: That the Churchwardens of the said Parish of St. Clement Danes do frequently excuse the Inhabitants of the said Parish from serving the Offices of Churchwarden and Overseer, upon Payment of a certain Fine, or Sum of Money, for that Purpose; which, as the Petitioner is informed, are entered in the Books of the said Parish: That the Petitioner has now an Action at Law depending, to recompence him in Damage, for the illegal Proceedings against the Petitioner; and, if the said Bill should pal's, the retilioner is advised, he will not only be thereby prejudiced, but entirely defeated of the Benefit of such Action: And therefure praying Inis House will take the Petii ioner’s same into Considerathm; and grant him such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration oft he Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for remedying some Detects in the Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen , iu-

tituled, An A el for the Rtlief of the Poor; and in one other Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief of the Poor, and for making the said Acts more eft'eftual: is committed.

Itpafled in the Negative.

Colchester

Channel

Navigation.

Whitehaven

Harbour.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Bennet:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further enlarging the Term granted by an Act, of the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for cleansing and making navigable the Channel from the / lithe,at Colchester, to; and for making the said Act, and another Act, of the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term granted by the said Act, of the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of King William l he Third, more effectual, without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Seventh and Tenth Years of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for preserving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland; and for repairing and amending the High Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Atlclrcff A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-

rtipciting posed, That an humble Address be presented to his Ma-Convoys.In jHtv, humbly to beseech his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, That, over and

above the Ships of War he shall think proper to employ against the Enemy, a Number of his Majesty’s Ships may be appointed to cruise in proper Stations, for the effectual Security and Protection of the Trade of his Majesty’s Subjects;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting, after the Word " Enemy," and before t he Word " a," the Word " such

And the Question being put. That that Word be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

20

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting, after the Word " a," and before the Word " Number," the Word " sufficient

And the Question being put. That that Wofd be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting, at the End thereof, the Words " as shall be confident with the D fence end Protection " of his Majesty’s Dominions, and the safe convoying " the trading Ships of this Nation to and f.o n forei.n " Parts

And the Question being pnt, That those Words be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; llefolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, humbly to beseech his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, That, over and above the Ships of War he shall think proper to employ against the Enemy, such a sufficient Number of l> Majesty‘s Ships may be appointed to cruize in proper Stations, for the tffeftual Security and Protection of the Trade of his Majesty’s Subjects, as shall be confident with the Defence ai>d Protection of his Majesty’s Dominions, and the safe convoying the trading Ships of this Nation to and from foreign Parts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Molt honourable Privy Council.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Collection of

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better and more easy col- Me lesting of Charity Money on Briefs.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

----- — 7 -

Mart is,2 50 die Martii;

Anno 13® Georgii lldl Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Order of the Day, for resuming Staines

the adjourned Confid ration of the Report from the Bridge. Committee to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, An Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled.

An Act for the Maintenance and well-keeping ol'Starnes Bridge and Egham Cauleway, being the Highway from London to the West Parts of England, was committed, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration oF the said Report; and the rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, except One of them, which was rli(agreed to, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent colluftve Qualifications Prevention of Persons to vote as Freeholders, in the Election of ofcojlufive

Members to fervein Parliament for Cities, and Counties /fail of the same Cities, in that Part of Great Britain called Freehold England, was read the Third time. Elector.*.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal’s: And that the Title he. An Act for more eft! finally preventing fraudulent Qualifications of Persons to vote as Freeholders, in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, for such Cities and Towns as are Counties of themselves, in that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That Mr. Walpole do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message

13 Geo. II. 25* M509

A'Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Bennet:

Mr. Speaker,

Inwen’*, fcc» The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Exchange, exchanging several Lands and Grounds belonging to Thomas Intcen 1'(quire, in the Parish of in the County of Bedford, for other Lands of equal Value in the same Parish, belonging to the Master, Fellows, and Scholars, of Sidney Sufl'ex College in Cambridge: To which t he Lords delire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

Earl of The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Halifax veiling the Inheritance of Part of the Estate of George Ellate. jate par| Qf Halifax, deceased, in Trustees, for Payment of his Debts, Daughters Portions, and Legacies: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ditto. An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Inheritance of Part of the Estate of George late Earl of Halifax, deceased, in Trustees, for Payment of his Debts, Daughters Portions, and Legacies, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Iowrn’s.tce. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act 'Exchange. for exchanging several Lands and Grounds belonging to Thomas Imoen Esquire, in the Parish of , in the County of Bedford, for other Lands of equal Value in the same Parish, belonging to the Master, Fellows, and Scholars, of Sidney SufexCollege in Cambridge, was read

the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Answer to Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Ad-

Addreik. dress of Yesterday (humbly to beseech his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleated togiveDireftions, That over and above the Ships of War he shall think proper to employ against the Enemy, such a Number of his Majesty’s Ships may be appointed to cruize in proper Stations, for the effectual Security and Protection of the Trade of his Majesty’sSubjtcis, as shall be confiftentwith the Defence and Protection of his Majesty’s Dominions, and thefafe convoying the trading Ships of this Nation to and from foreign Parts) had been presented to his Majesty: To which his Majesty was pleased to make this Answer:

All possible Care has been taken in carrying on the War against Spain in the moll proper and effectual Manner, and at the same time for protecting the Trade of my Subjects; and you may be assured, that the same Care shall be continued.

Prohibiting Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Commerce Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to with Spain. t|)e hitituled. An Act for prohibiting Commerce with Spain, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read } and are as follow; viz.

Press L. 20. Leave out " Twenty-fourth," and insert " Firstand in the same Line leave out " June," and insert " May:"

Press 2. L. 2. Before " Port," insert " foreign

L. 10. Before " and" add Clauses marked

A, and B:

Clause A: " Provided that nothing herein contained " shall extend, or be construed to extend, to hinder or " prohibit any Goods or Commodities, of the Growth, " ProduCl, or Manufacture, of any of the Kingdoms, " Dominions, Ill inds, or Territories, of the King of " Spain, which were actually imported into the Island of " Minorca or Gibraltar, and there landed or loaded ou board some British Ship or Vessel, on or before the " 26t h Day of February 1739, from being imported into " Great Britain, so as the same be imported on or before

Vol. 23.

" the 24th Day of June 1740, in British built Shipping,

" navigated according to Law, and so as due Proof be " made on Oath* before the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs, or any Three of them, who are hereby empowered to administer such Oath, and also to " enquire into the Truth of the Cafe, and all Circum(lances relating thereto, that the said Goods and Commodities were actually imported into Minorca or " Gibraltar, and there landed or loaded on hoard some " British Ship or Vessel, on or before the said 26th Day

" of February

Clause B: " And, to prevent collusive, fraudulent, or clandestine Captures by Privateers, be it enacted, by " the Authority aforesaid, That if any Privateer or Privateers shall, by Consent, orclandeftinely, or by ColItiflon, seize or take any Ship or \ elfel whatsoever,

" upon due Proof thereof, to be made in the Court of " Admiralty, the Bail or Recognizance given in the said " Court, or on the behalf of such Privateer, at the " taking out of his Commission, shall be pronounced " and declared by the said Court to be forfeited, and the " Privateer Ship itself, with all her Appurtenances, Guns,

" Tackle, Ammunition, and Goods, on board, as also " the Merchant Ship or Vessel that shall be so taken,

" with her Appurtenances and Ladingupon, as aforesaid,

" shall be condemned as good and lawful Prize; and,

" after Condemnation and Sale thereof, the Person and " Personsdiscovering and prosecuting the same shall have " One-third Part of the Net Produce, for his or their " Encouragement

L. 26. Before " shall" insert "who:"

Press 3. L. 18. Leave out " recovered," and, inllead thereof, insert " adjudged to be forfeited, and shall be " condemned:"

Press 4. L. \J, and 18. Leave out "under the Penalty and Forfeiture of," and, inllead thereof, insert,

" and that in case any Goods which shall have been so " seized or condemned, in any of the said Places, shall " be imported into Great Britain or Ireland

L. 19. After " Value," insert "thereof:"

L. 20. After "Apparel," insert "shall be

" liable."

The First Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree to the said Amendment, made by the Lords, to the said Bill;

It palfed in the Negative.

Thd'Third Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree to the said Amendment, made by the Lords, to the said Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

The Fourth Amendment being read a Second time, Clause A, Part of the said Amendment, being an ingrossed Clause, was read the Third time.

And the Question being put, That the House do agree tt> the said Amendment made by the Lords to the said Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Clause B, another Part of the said Amendment, being likewise an ingrossed Clause, was read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The rest of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Reasons, te be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to such of the Amendments, made by their Lordships, as this House hath disagreed to:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Walpole, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Mr.

well, Mr. Harley, Mr. Fox, Mr. Lockwood, Lord Gucrn-fey. Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Gi/bbon, Dr. Lee, Mr. kerley, Mr. Dodington, Sir John Peachey, Mr. Alderman Willimott, Mr. Maijtcr, Admiral Stewart, Mr. Sir

6 O 7ofin

‘ 510 25* — 2

John Heathcofe, Mr. Earle So' Mr. Plump-

tre, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Hocks, Sir Mr.

Foley, Mr. Carew, Sir Sir Charles Mor-

daunt, Mr. Clutterbuck, Sir Elton, Mr.

Jay: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, iutlie Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Seamen for The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Merchant whole House, upon the Bill for the Increase of Mariners Service. and Seamen to navigate Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships or Vessels.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Willimotttook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Willimott reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House- adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 26° die Mart it;

Anno 13* Georgii Ildl Regis, 1740. Prayers.

Medway TV/T & Polhillreported from the Committee to whom Navigation. 1.VA the Bill to revive, explain, and amend, an Act, made in the 16th and 1 7 th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for making the River of Medway navigable, in the Counties of Kent and Sussex,was committed, that the Committee

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was difugreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iugrofted.

A Meflagefrom the Lords by Mr. Holford and Mr. Rennet:

Mr. Speaker,

Dunchim h The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Road. for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and given by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roadleadingfrom Dunchurch, in the Coun-ty of Warwick, to the Bottom of Meriden Hill, in the fameCounty, and for making the said Act more effectual, without any Amendment. And also,

Sroken The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Church Mill, for continuing, and making more effectual, an Act, &c. Roads. passe(i jn tt,e Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from the Top of Stoken Church to and the Road from Whcatly Bridge through the City of Oron, by Begbrook,to Woodstock, in the County of Oxon (except the Mile Way on each Side of the said

City); and for repairing the Road from the Crown Ale House, to the Turnpike on Church Hill aforesaid; withoutanv Amendment. And also,

I'oundling The Lords have pafl'ed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Holjxuil. confirming and enlarging the Powers granted by his Majesty to the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital

Martiu 1740.

for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, by his most gracious Charter, bearing Date the 17th Day of October, in the Year of our Lord x 7 39, and to enable them to execute the good Purposes of the said Charter: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Alderman Willimott, according to Order, re- Increase of ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Increase of Mariners and Seamen serWce." to navigate Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships or,

Vessels; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to W*y* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Aleaa*. consider further of Ways and Means for raising the.

Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That the)' had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Rcgniatiair impower the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the the Prio* of City of London, to set the Price upon all Coals, commonly called SeaCoals, imported into the Port of London, from Newcastle, and the Ports adjacent thereunto; and to settle the Wages of Labourers employ ed in del i vering any Coal Ships in the River of Thames-, and to oblige Fitters, and others vending and loading Ships with Sea Coals at Newcastle, and the Ports adjacent thereunto, to deliver such Coals to the Mailers of any Ships applying for the fame: And that Sir John Heathcote, and Mr.

ton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

1

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Recovery <*f further Consideration the Report from the Committee of fuuli Debt*, the whole House to whom the Bill for the more easy and effectual Recovery of small Debts, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Poor Laws, whole House, upon the Bill for remedying some Defects in the Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor; and in one other Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief of the Poor, and for-making the said Acts more effectual.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Fox took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Fox reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved,


13 Geo. II. 26* — 27 ’‘Marta. 51 i

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 27* Mar lit;

Anno 13* Georgii I. Hi Regis, 1740. Prayers.

Staine* A N ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and render Bridge. i\. more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year.of the Reign of Queen intituled, An Act for the better Maintenance and well-keeping of Staines Bridge and Egham Causeway, being the Highway from London to the West Parts of England, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Press 3. L. 23. To insert the Words the said

" Sir Thomas Reynell, John , Henry Barham,

44 bert Wood, Thomas Harivood, James IFelherstone, and " John Royle" and in the same Line leave out the Word " Surry," and insert the Word " Middlesex" instead thereof:

L. 25. Before the "Word " for," to insert viz. The said Adrian Junior, Jasper Jones,

" bert Hinde, Thomas Heames, Thomas Woodford,

" mas Beighton, and John Allot and in the same Line

leave out the Word " Middlesex," and insert the Word " Surry" instead thereof:

Press 4. L. 10. Leave out the Word "Surry," and insert the Word " Middlesex" instead thereof:

L. ii. Leave out the Word " Middlesex," and insert the Word " Surry" instead thereof:

Press 6. L. 22. To leave out the Words " or in the said Ferry."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more effectual Maintenance and wellkeeping of Staines Bridge and Egham Causeway, being the Highway from London to the West Parts of England.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill do the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

War* Nr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from aadMeana the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as foiioweth: viz.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, Au Aftt for encouraging the Greenland Fishery, which was to continue in Force from the 25th Day of December 1731, for the Term of Nine Years, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery, carried on by his Majesty’s Rn7//A Subj< fts; which was to continue in Force during the Continuance of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present M a jetty* intituled, An Act for encouraging the Greenland Fishery; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

/ Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Bounty of Ten Shillings per Ton be given on all Ships in the Whale Fishery to Greenland and Vol. 23.

Davis's Streights, who ijiail go out Oh the said Fishery during this present War.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were; upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved, That thfe Second and Third Resolutions, reported from the said Committee, upon the 11th Day of this in Hunt March, and then agreed to by the House, might be read:

And the said Resolutions were read accordingly; and are as foiioweth; viz.

ReJ'olved,'Y\\2A so mufch of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the belter Preservation of his Majesty’s Wocds in America, and for the Encouragement of the Importation of naval Stores from thence, and to encourage the Importation of Klafts, Yards, and Bowsprits, from that.

Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as relates to the Premiums upon Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch; and Turpentine, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture of British-made Sail Cloth; and for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on foreign Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom; which was to continue in Force from the 24th Day of June 1736, for the Term of Five Years, and, from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought In upon the said Resolutions, and upon the Resolutions this Day reported from the said Committee, and agreed to by the House:

And that Mr. Francis Fane, Mr ScrapSir John Barnard, and Mr. Henry Archer, do prepare, and bring in; the fame.

Mr. Walpole reported from the Committee who were Prohibiting appointed todraw upReafons, to be offered to the Lords ('ommefre* at a Conference, for disagreeing to such of the Amend- sPa,a-ments,made by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for prohibiting Commerce with Spain, as this House hath disagreed to That the Committee had drawn up Reasons accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

To the First Amendment, made by your Lordships; to the Bill, intituled, An Act for prohibiting Commerce with Spain, the Commons do agree.

To the Second Amendment, made by your Lordships, in Press 1. L. 20. of the said Bill, whereby the Word " June," is directed to be left out, and the Word May" to be inserted instead thereof, the Commons disagree:

Because they apprehend, That if the Prohibition of bringing in Spanish Goods was to take place the First of May, many Persons who have Goods on the Way front Spain, which have been long since bought and paid for, may be too much straitened in Time, considering the Uncertainty of Winds, as well as the Difficult^ the Merchants maybe underof getting Ships to load their Goods in Minorca, or at Gibraltar, that are fit to run without Convoy; and the Delay that may happen by other Shi ps waiting for Convoy, which is the more to be regarded, on Account of the heavy Penalties, which, by this Bill, are inflicted on importing such Goods after the Time limited; which your Lordships feein feniible of, by the Provision in Clause A; which the Commons have disagreed to, for the Reasons after-mentioned.

To the 3d Amendment; made by your Lordships,-in P. 2. L. 2. of the said Bill, whereby the Word " Foreign," is directed to be inserted alter the Word " Port," the Commons disagree;

Because the Prohibition of importing Spanish Goods would be thereby restrained to such Goods as thou Id be imported from some foreign Port or Place, and t-Onfe-questly there would be no Prohibition of importing into

this

Increase of Seamen for Merchant Service.

Duke of Cleveland, &c. Power to appoint Portions.

Grant of Ground for

rebuilding

AVerington

Church.

Kunkeeling, &c. Inclosure.

Andover

lpclosure.

5 ia 27° — 28° Mar tit. 1740.

this Kingdom SpaniJhGoods from any other Part of his Majesty’s Dominions, which the Commons apprehend to be contrary to the Design of the Bill.

To the next Amendment, made by your Lordships, being ClauseA, the Commons disagree:

Because they think it better that the Prohibition should take place absolutely, in all his Majesty’s Dominions, at the same time, than to give Leave to bring^anj/ftGoods from Minorca or Gibraltar to Great Britain after the Prohibition has taken place, upon Proof being made, before the Commissioners of the Customs, of the Goods being imported into Minorca or Gibraltar before the 26th of February; which may occasion th^ Law to be evaded, and would lay all Importers of such Goods, who do not live in or about the Cities of London and minster, under great Difficulties.

To Clause B, and the rest of the Amendments, made by your Lordships, to the said Bill, the Commons do agree.

The said Report, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Conference bedefired with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Nathanael Curzon do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

An ingrossed Bill for the Increase of Mariners and Seamen to navigate Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships or Vessels, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Increase of Mariners and Seamen to navigate Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships or Vessels.

Ordered, That Sir John Barnard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Bennet;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and enlarge the several Powers for appointing Portions, and settling Jointures, which are contained in certain Letters Patent, bearing Date the Twenty-second Day of October in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign

of KingCharlesthe Second, whereby certain yearly Pen-

fions, ilfuing out of the Hereditary Revenue of the Excise, do now hand limited to William Duke of Cleveland and Charles Duke of Grafton, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies ref’peftively, without any Amendment. And all’o.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Sir William Morice Baronet, to grant to the Incumbent of the Parish Church of in the county of /Jaw;, and hisSuccessors, and the Parishioners of the said Parish, a Piece of Ground belonging to the capital Messuage of Werington, in the said County, without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making Divisions, Inclosures, and Allotments, of the open Corn Fields and Common Pasture in the Lordship of Bewholm,otherwise Beicham,in the Parish of Nun-

keeling, in the County of York; and for settling and establishing the Payment of a yearly Sum to the Impropriators of the Rest ory of Nunkcaforesaid, and their

Heirs, in lieuofTythes arising within the said Lordship, fiurfuant to an Agreement between the said Impropriators and the Proprietors of the said Lands, without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and establirtiing Articles of Agreement, ami an Award, for dividing and inclosing of a Common Down, and for dividing, inclosing, and exchanging of Lands lying in the Tytliing of Charlton, in the Parish of Andover, in the County of Southampton, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House.

Aud tlieu the Messengers withdrew.

18

Sir Nathanael Curzon reported to the House, That he Prohibiting having, according to Order, been with the Lords, to Commerce desire a Conference upon the Subject-matter of the w,tl S*'a"K Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for prohibiting Commerce with Spain, the Lords do agree to a Conference; and appoint the same Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Collection of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Charities 00 House, upon the Bill for the better and more easy Col- "neli‘ lesting of Charity Money on Briefs.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 28° die Martii;

Anno 13* Georgii II41 Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

MR. Richard Plumer, from the Commissioners for American Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, Paper a Return from the said Commissioners, in pursuance of Currency. Two Addreflesof this House to his Majesty, of she 13th Day of June 1739, in the last Session of Parliament, concerning the Paper Currency, and the Rates of Gold and-Silver, in America, from the Year 1700 to this present Year; together with the Returns sent to the said Commissioners from the respective Governors of his Majesty’s Plantations thereupon, and together with a List of the said Returns.

And the Return of the said Commissioners, and the said Lift, were read; and the said Lift is asfoiioweth; viz.

New York.

An Account of what Bills of Credit have, from time to time, been emitted in this his Majesty’s Colony of New York, pursuant to the several Acts of the general Assembly of the said Colony, and how much of the said Bills have been funk.

An Account of the Value of Money in New York, from the Year 1700 to the Year 1739.

NewJersey.

Report of the Committee of Council concerning the PaperCurrency, and the Value of Gold and Silver Coin.

Massachusets.

An Account of Bills of Credit, made and issued by the Government of the Province of the Massachusets for the Support of the said Government, from the Year 1700 to the Year 1738; and of the Provision made for the sinking and discharging of such Bills on their Emission, by Taxes upon Polls and Estates, and the Duties of Import and Excise.

Account of Provinde Bills, made by Order of the general Court, and delivered to the Treasurer of the Province, for which also he gives Credit in the several Years set against the Sums; also, an Account of what Bills have been burnt, with the Times when, and the Price of Silver and Exchange.

Nezv Hampshire.

An Account of the Paper Currency in Ilamp-shire, in Nezv England, and of the Rate of Silver.

Peifylvania.

An Account of the several Acts passed in the Province of Pensylvania, for creating or ilfuing Paper Bills, or Bills ol Credit, with the Amount of those Bills, and the Value thereof in Money of Great Britain, and the Provision made for sinking or discharging the fame, together with the Sum of Bills that have been funk or discharged; also the Sum of Bills subsisting or passing in Payment at this time, with the Amount of the Value thereof in Money of Great Britain, and of the Rates of Gold and Silver.

Counties of Neiocq/tle, Kent, and Suffix.

An Account of the several Acts of Assembly parted rn the Government of the Counties of , Kent, anil

Sussex,

13 Geo. II. 280 Martii. 513

Medway

Navigation,

Relief of Debtors,

Sxtffex, on Delaware, for creating or issuing Paper Bills of Credit, with the Amount of those Bills, and the Value thereof in Money of Great Britain, and the Provision made for sinking or discharging the fame, together with the Sum of Bills [that have been funk ordischarged, also the Sum of Bills so] subsisting or passing in Payment'at this time; with the Amount of the Value thereof in Money of Great Britain, and of the Rates of Gold and Silver.

Antigua.

Report from Two Members of the Council of to William Matthew Esquire, Governor of the Leeward Blands, concerning the Value of Gold and Silver in that Idand, elated January 2, 1739-40.

Saint Christophers.

Report from the President of the Council of Saint Christophers,to William Matthew Esquire, Governor of the Leeward Islands, concerning the Value of Gold and Silver in that Bland, dated December 12, 1739.

MonlJ'errat.

Letter from Mr. Wyke, President of the Council of f [Montserrat, J to William Matthew Esquire, Governor of the Leeivard Islands, concerning the Value of Gold and Silver Coin in that Island, dated December 14, 1739.

Maryland.

Account of Paper Currency in the Province of Maryland.

Barbadoes.

Letter from Mr. Dottin, President of the Council, and Commander in Chief of Barbadoes, concerning the Rates of Gold and Silver Coins, [and the Paper Currency] in that Bland, dated November the 9th 1739.

Bermuda.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Popple, Governor of the Bermuda Islands, concerning the Ratesof Gold and Silver

Coins in those Blands, dated the 20th of December 1739.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill to revive, explain, and amend, an Act, made in the 16th and 17th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for making the River Medway navigable, in the Counties of Kent and Sujfexwas read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 3. L. 34. After the Words " Sacville Ball," to insert the Words " John Mackreth

Press 6.«L. 5. After the Words " Arthur Harris J to insert the Words " Edward HaJJed:"

Press 34. L. 34. To leave out the Words " to the said "Company 01 Proprietors, their Successorsor Assigns:" L. ult. After the Word "deducted," add the Words "one Half thereof to the Use of the Informer, " and the other Half to the Poor of the Parish where " the Offence shall be committed."

And the same were, upon the Question feveraWy put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Be/olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act to revive, explain, and amend, an Act made in the 16th and 17th'.Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for making the River Medway navigable, in the Counties of Kent and SuJJ'ex.

Ordered, That Mr. Polhill do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henri/ Archerpvefented to the House, accord in g to Order, a Bill forreducing an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for explaining and amending the same, into One Act, and for amending the said Acts: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Bennet:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for felling Part of the settled Estate of Henry Talbot Esquire, in the Counties of Warwick and , and for settling

another Estate in the County of Rutland, of greater Value to the same Uses: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement, and an Award, for dividing and inclosing of a Common Down, and for dividing, inclosing, and exchanging of Lands lying in the Tything of Charlton, in the Parish of Andover, in the County of

Southampton, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and enlarging the Powers granted by his Majesty, to the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, by his most gracious Charter, bearing Date the 17th Day of October, in the Year of our Lord 1739; and to enable them to execute the good Purposes of the said Charter, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling Part of the settled Estate of Henry Talbot Esquire in the Counties of and; and for settling another Estate in the County of of

greater Value, to the same Uses; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Time being come for the Conference with the Lords, upon the subject Matter of the Amendments, made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for prohibiting Commerce with Spain;

Ordered, That the Committee, who were appointed to draw up Reasons to be offered to the Lords at the said Conference, do manage the Conference.

And the Names of the Managers were called over: And they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Mr. Walpole reported, That the Managers had been at the Conference, and delivered to the Lords the Reasons for disagreeing to such of the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the said Bill, as this House hath disagreed to; and had left the Bill and Amendments with their Lordships.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for taking off the Duties upon Woollen and Bay Yarn imported Irom Ireland to England, and for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool frcm Great Britain, and of Wool, and Wool manufactured, from Ireland, to foreign Parts, might be read:

And the said Act being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will,'upon Tiujday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

A Petition of divers Merchants, Exporters of Woollen and British Manufactures and Fisheries,' &*c. as likewise Owners and Mailers of Ships concerned in the Navigation of these Kingdoms, in behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting

Talbot's Eli ate.

Andover

Inclosure.

Foundling

Hospital*

Talbot

Estate.

Prohibiting Commerce with Spain*

Import and Export of Wool.

Supplied from the original Lift. § Supplied from the original Lift,

t Supplied from the original Lift: It is St* ChnJlophctJ& in the Journal,

Vol. 23. 6 P forth.

514 a8° — 31* Martii. . 1740.

forth. That the late general Embargo, and that laid on or about the Second of February last, which now continues, has been a very great Loss and Discourageroent to the Trade of these Kingdoms, by lessening the Exports thereof, besides a great Loss to the Merchants, in having their Goods and Effects lie perishing on board their Ships many Months in the River , and else-

where in his Majesty’s Dominions: That these great Losses and Hardships have been borne by the Sufferers with the greatest Cheerfulness, upon account of a Necelfity there might be to supply his Majesty’s Ships of War with Mariners, for the Defence of the Nation in general a gain ft the common Enemy: That the Embargo upon Ships navigated by Foreigners has been taken off some time fmce, while that on the British iscontinued: which encourages many Persons to load their Goods and Merchandize upon such foreign Ships only, and not upon the al-

though they are much preferable for Defence and Security incarrying them to Ports beyond the Seas, than thofeShips manned with Foreigners: That, if the said foreign Ships are permitted to be the only Carriers of the British Merchandize, while our own Ships must lie rotting in the River, our Navigation, which always has been esteemed lb valuable to the Nation, the Merchants and Traders, will meet with such Discouragement that in few Years more it maybe greatly lessened: That the great Number of Ships which usually go upon the Fishery,

Whale Fishery, and to Virginia, Sec. generally proceed upon theirfeveral Voyages about this Season of the Year; and it is well known the great AdvantagesthofeBranches of Trade have been of to Great for many Years

past: That several Merchants and Owners of Ships have Applied, in the usual manner, to the Lords of the Admiralty for Protections, and Leave to proceed on their Voyages with their Ships and Loadings; many of the said Ships have been loaden and ready to go to Sea several Months, with very valuable Cargoes of Woollen Goods and Products of these Kingdoms, some of which are of a perishing Nature: That their Lordships have acquainted several Merchants, who have applied to them at their Board, That it was required of all Masters of Ships who wanted the Embargo to be taken off, in order to go to Sea, that each Ship must provide a certain Number of Mariners in proportion to what they carry, for the Use of his Majesty’s Ships of War; and, unless the Merchants complied with those Terms they would not be permitted to have any Protection, or used Words to that or the like Effect: That such very severe Terms and Precedents as are now proposed, the Petitioners are wholly unacquainted with; and are humbly of Opinion, That if the present Embargo iscontinued only till the Merchant scan supply a sufficient Number of Mariners for the Men of War, it will be such a Discouragement to our foreign Trade, and the Navigation of these Kingdoms in the Merchants Service, that it is not possible to be performed or supported, the great Expence and Charge upon each Man, to be paid by way of Premium, for his entering on board a Man of War, may amount to more than Ten Pounds per Man, besides the high Wages on account of the War; and, if this Practice is to be encouraged and established in future, the Crimps, and their Landlords, who are Seamens Advisers, may raise the Premium to what Price they please, and in time stagnate the whole Maritime Commerce: And that it is the humble Opinion of the Petitioners, That such a Method will prevent Seamen from ever entering on board his Majesty’s Ships, while the Merchants are obliged to supply them, at such an exorbitant Premium: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and permit the Petitioners to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, upon the said Petition; and grant that such Provision'may be made, in future, to encourage the Trade and Navigation of these Kingdoms, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House; and that the

Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard by themselves before the said Committee;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yens, } 95-

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Month, Poor resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for remedying some Defeats in the Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor; and in One other Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief, of the Poor; and for making the said Act more effectual.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna:, 319 die Martii;

Anno 13° Georgii lldl Regis, 1740.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ehrl r.f for veiling the Inheritance of Part of the Estate of Halifax’* George late Earl of Halifax, deceased, in Trustees, for Eiiate. Payment of his Debts, Daughters Portions, and Legacies, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Hume Campbell, Sir Win. Irby, Mr.

Evelyn, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Hales, Mr.

Lord Guernsey , Mr. Thomas Townshend, Captain Town-Jhend, Mr. Trevor, Colonel Pelham, Mr. Mr.

Wilmer, Mr. Compton, Sir John Sir Edmund

I (ham, Mr. Manfel, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr.

Knight, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Earle, Mr. Careio, Sir Chr.

Powell, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Neale, Sir Jof. PMr.

Richard Pturner, Mr. Bradjhaigh, Mr.

Mr. Fox, Dr. Lee, Sir James Ijowth Sir John Heath-

cole, Lord Barrington, Lord Chelnynd, Mr.

Mr. Fane, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Heathcote, Mr. Laroche, Sir Roger Bradjhaigh, Mr.

Proby, Mr. Grenville, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Butler,

Mr. Rowney, Mr. Chetioynd, Mr. Longucville, Sir Win.

Jolliffe, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Sir John Peachy, Mr.

Mr. Brerelon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Northampton, and Surry: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act jnwen>s> for exchanging several Lands and Grounds belonging Exchange, to Thomas lmven Esquire, in the Parish of Wootton, in the County of Bedford, for other Lands of equal Value, in the same Parish, belonging to the Mailer, Fellows, and Scholars, of Sidney) SuJJ'ex College in Cambridge, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Robert I forks, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gubbon, Sir Nathanael Curzon,

Mr. Crawley, Mr. Knight, Sir Wm. . Mr.

Carew, Mr. Bradjhaigh, Lord Barrington, Sir Pennington, Colonel Mordaunt, Mr. Butler, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Blagrave, Dr. Lee,

Mr. Henry Fb.rJMr. Scawen, Sir Wm. Jolliffe, Mr. Laroche, General Cope, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Ilenn/ Archer,

Sir John Peachy, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Kent, Dr.

Butler, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Maister, Mr. Lord

Chetwynd, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Tunier,

Mr. Chetioynd, Mr. Pturner, Mr. Stcrt, Sir Roger Bradjhaigh,

13 Geo. II. 31 ° Martii. — 1° Aprilis. 515

Jhaigh, Mr. Brereton, Sir John; and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of and Surry: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Regulating Siv John Heathcole presented to the House, according ^Coals to Or<lerJ a Bill to impower the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London to set the Price upon all Coals, commonly called Sea Coals, imported into the Port of London from and the Ports

adjacent thereunto; and to settle the Wages of Labourers employed in delivering any Coal Ships in the River of Thames; and to oblige Fitters, and others, vending and loading Ships with Sea Coals at and the Ports adjacent thereunto, to deliver such Coals to the Masters of any Ships applying for the fame: And the same was received; and read the Firil time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

Prevention Mr. Francis Fane presented to the House, according of Woods m to order a uni for continuing so much of an Act, made

America ' c 7

in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of his Majesty's Woods in America-, and for the Encouragement of the Importation of Naval Stores from thence} and to encourage the Importation of Mails, Yards, and Bowsprits, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; as relates to the Premiums u|>on Mads, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; and the other Acts therein mentioned.; and for granting a farther Bounty upon all Ships employed in the Whale Fishery: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thurston, and Mr. Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

Conyan The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

Agreement, confirming and eliublilhidg certain Articles of Agreement made between Maurice Conyers Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Rushall, in the County of Kent, and the Right honourable William Lord Abergavenny, and other Freehold Tenants of the said Manor, relating to certain Buildings and Inclosures made and.erected in and upon Part of the Walies of the said Manor; and for making the said Agreement more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Andover Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Inclosure. Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement, and an Award for dividing and inclosing of a Common Down, and for dividing, in-, closing, and exchanging, of Lands lying in the Tyth-ing of Charlton, in the Parish of Andover, in the County of Southampton, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz. '

Press 26. L..9. Leave out from the Word " Award," to the First " and, " in the 20th Line of the same Press: L. 26 and 27. Leave out " except as before " excepted:"

L. 31. Leave out from " aforesaid" to " provided," in the 36th Line of the same Press:

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Vox, 23.

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Collection of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Charities on upon the B'll for the better arid more easy collecting Bric* of Charity Money on Briefs, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till To-rtiorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy i° die Aprilis;

Anno 13° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

MR. Carew reported from the Committee to whom ..

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Ait Ag^cm*nt Act for establishing and confirming an Agreement between William Gore Esquire, Executor of Esquire, deceasod, and Mary Gore, Widow of Thomas Gore Esquire, deceased, for herself, and on the behalf of Charles Gore, an Infant, relating to the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, paid by Francis Freeman Gentleman, to the said Edward Gore, was committed; That the Committee had examinedthe Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to t he Satisfaction of the Committee: and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, iritituled, An Act Foundling for confirming and enlarging the Powers granted by his Hospital. Majesty to the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital fertile Maintenance and Education ofexpofedand deserted young Children, by his most gracious Charter, bearing Date the 17th Day of October in the Year of our Lord 1739; and to enable them to execute the good Pu.poses of the said Charter; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That, the Bill he committed to Mr. Hume Campbell, Lord Tyrconnel, Lord Sidney Sir

John Norris, Mr. Southwell, Lord Baltimore, Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Whitmore, Sir Thomas Clarke, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Kinafon, Lord Charles -

dipt. Lord Gage, Sir James Lowther, Mr.

Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Hay, Mr. Lord

John Sackville, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Kent, Sir Wm. Heath-cote, Mr. Danvers, \lr. Carew, Mr. Fox, Lord Barrymore,

Mr. Proby, Sir Na/lianael Curzon, Mr

Mr. CornewaU, Mr. Balle, Sir James Grant, Mr. White,

Mr. Alderman Heathcole, Mr Pulleney, Mr. Mr. Laroche, Mr. Vyner, Mr. ChetzoyMr. Holden,

Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Mr. Gore,

Mr. Popham, Mr. Finch, Lord Chetwynd, Lord Barrington, Mr. Delmc, Mr. Bozves, Mr. Dimmer, Mr. Bayn-tun Roll; and all the Gentlemen of the Long llohe:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. And all that come

to the said Committee are to have Voices.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thurston, and Mr. Sazoyer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One Million out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One Uil thousand Seven hundred and Forty; and for enabling his Majesty to raise the further Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds out of the growing Produce of the said Fund; and for granting to his Majesty the Sum of Twenty-one thousand PoundsOneShillingand Eight PenceHalfpenny remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer,

arifeu

WestminAer

Bridge.

Prevention of collusive Qualifications as Free hold Electors.

Destruction of Turnpikes, &c.

Brecon

Writ.

Talbot’s Eft ate.

Importation and Exportation of Wool.

K

516 1* — i° Ap 1740.

arisen by Sale of Lands in the Island of and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to give further Powers to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of and to enable them to raise a further Sum of Money towards linishing the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them; without any Amendment. And also,

Th^Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually preventing fraudulent Qualifications of Persons to vote as Freeholders in the Eleftion of Mem-bersjo serve in Parliament for such Cities and Towns as are Counties of themselves, in that Part of Great Britain called England, without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, for punilli-ing such Persons as ill all wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways, or Locks, or other Works, erected by Authority of Parliament, for making Rivers navigable; for preventing Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Weirs upon the River of Thames, Weltward; and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River; for preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and for better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty’s Subjects to and from the East I; and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty’s Subjects trading thither under foreign Commissions; and for limiting the Time for suing forth Writs of Certiorari upon Proceedings before Justices of the Peace, and for regulating the Time and Manner of applying for the fame; for the better and more speedy Execution of Process within particular Franchises or Liberties; and for extending the Powers and Authorities of Justices of the Peace of Counties, touching County Rates, to the Justices of the Peace of such Liberties and Franchises as have Commissions of the Peace within themselves; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Brecon, in the County of Brecon, in the room of the honourable John Talbot Esquire; who, since his F.lection for the said Town, hath accepted the Office of One of his Majesty’s Justices of the Counties of Chester and Flint, and of Denbigh and Montgomery.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling Part of the settled Estate of Herry Talbot Esquire, in the Counties of Warwick and Derby; and for settling another Estate, in the County of Rutland, of greater Value, to the same Uses; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Falle, Mr. Drummond, Sir James Grant, Mr. Mr. Fane,

Mr. Hay, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Winnhigton, Sir Michael Newton, Mr. Vyner, Mr. me. Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Lockwood, Dr. Butler, Lord Sir

Robert Munroe, Mr. I After, Lord Wallingford, Mr.

Knight, Mr. Kinafton, Mr. Rolt, Mr. Aijlabie,

Lord Gage, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Linde say, Sir John Hcathcote, Mr. Bance, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Mr.

Grenville, Sir Geo. Cajivall, Mr. Mr. Hales-,

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, and Rutland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read:

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, marie in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for taking off the Duties upon Woollen and Bay Yarn imported from

Ireland to England-, and for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool, and Wool manufactured, from Ireland, to foreign Parts.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurity 2° die Aprilis;

Anno 13* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Gore’* for establishing and confirming an Agreement be- Agreement, tween William Gore Esquire, Executor of Edward Gore Esquire, deceased, and Mary Gore, Widow of Thomas Gore Esquire deceased, for herself, and on the behalf of Charles Gore, an Infant, relating to the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, paid by Francis Freeman Gentleman, to the said Edward Gore, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Caretv do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for continuing so much of an Act, made in the preservation Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, of Woods in An Act for better Preservation of his Majesty’s Woods in America. America; and for the Encouragement of the Importation of Naval Stores from thence; and to encourage the Importation of Mails, Yards; and Bowsprits, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; as relates to the Premiums upon Malls, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pilch, and Turpentine; and the other Acts therein mentioned; and for granting a further Bounty upon all Ships employed in the Whale Filbery -, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

v

The Order of the Day bdng read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Collection of whole House, upon the Bill for the better and more easy Charities on Collecting of Charity Money on Briefs. Bmt*.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Laroche took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Cliair.

Mr. Laroche reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

AMotionwas made and the Question being put, That thisHouse will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas fMr* HenrVFor> 7 I ellers for the 1 eas,£ Thomas Pelham: J 2 4’

Tellers for the Noes Mr’ Cholmonde\

i ellers lor the i\oes,£Mr> Chetwynd . y 9-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And it appearing upon the Report of the Division by the Tellers, That Forty Members were not present, the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker (without ' a Question first put) till Tomorrow Morning, Nine -of the Clock.

13 Geo. II.

3 * — i o° Aprilis. 517

yovis, 30 j

Anno i3* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1740. Prayers.

AMESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Thurston and Mr. Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

Increase of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Seamen for for the Increase of Mariners and Seamen to navigate Service"1 Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships or Vessels, without any Amendment. And also,

Stainee The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bridge. for the more eifeftual Maintenance and well-keeping of Staines Bridge and Egham Causeway, being the Highway from London to the West Parts of England, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Relief of A Bill for reducing an Act, made in the Second Year

Debtors, of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and an Act, (made in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; for explaining and amending the same, into One Act; and for amending the said Aftsj was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Robert Hucks, Mr. Henry Fox, Mr. Mr.

Gybbon, Sir John Barnard, Lord Barrington, Mi Sir JVm. Healhcote, Mr. Wilmington, Mr. Mr.

Gibson, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Gore, Mr. Alderman Willimott, Mr. Compton, Mr. Harley, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Mr. Sir Natha-

nael Curzov, Sir IVm. Wentworth, Sir Geo. Wynne, Mr. Walker, Or. Lee, Mr. CMr. Hen. Archer, Mr. Owen, Sir Charles Vernon, Mr. Hay, Mr. Carena, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Sir

James Lowtlier, Captain Martin, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Bayntun Rolf, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr.

Wardour, Sir Charles Mordaunt; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Oause or Clauses for the Relief of such Persons, being Debtors, who were actually beyond the Sens on the First Day of January 1736, and who, by unavoidable Accidents, were deprived of taking the Benefit of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Relief of insolvent Debtors.

American Ordered, That the several Papers prefen ted to this Paper House upon the Twenty-eighth Day of March last, from Currency, the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, concerning the Paper Currency, and the Rates of Gold and Silver, in America, from the Year 1700 to,this present Year, and then ordered to lie upon the Talley be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of thq whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. To -morrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Papers.

Collection of Resolved, That this House will, this Day, after the Charities on House has proceeded upon the Order of the Day; viz.. Briefs. for the Second Reading of the Bill to impovycr the Court of Lord Mayor, and Aldermen of the City of London to set the Price upon all Coals, commonly called Sea Coals, imported into the Port of London, from Newcastle, and the Ports adjacent thereunto; and to settle the Wages of Labourers employed in deliveringanyCoal Ships in the River of Thames; and to oblige Fitters, and bthers, vending and loading Ships with Sea Coals, at A and the Ports adjacent thereunto, to deliver such Coals to the Mailers of any Ships applying for the feme; rd-; solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Vdt. 23.

consider further of the Bill for the better and more easy Collecting of Charity Money on Briefs.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clanfe or Clauses to make Provision, where any Sufferers by Fire or other Calamity shall desire to collect any charitable Benevolence, That it shall and may be lawful for th£

Bishop of the Diocese, and the Justices of the Peace, at their General or Quarter Sessions, f r the County \v herein such Fire or other Calamity shall happen, to grant unto such Sufferers Licence to alk, collect, and receive, the Alms, Benevolence, and charitable Contributions, of the Inhabitants of such County.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Regulating Reading of the Bill to impower the Court of Lord Mayor Price of and Aldermen of the City of London to set the Price Coal*, upon all Coals commonly called Sea Coals, imported into the Port of London, from Ncivcaflle, and the Ports adjacent thereunto; and to settle the Mages of Labourers employed in delivering any Coal Ships in the River of Thames; and to oblige Fitters, and others, vending and loading Ships with Sea Coals, at and the

Ports adjacent thereunto, to deliver such Coals to the Masters of any Ships applying for the fame;

The said Bill was read a Second time.

Refilled, That, the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Then the House, according to Order, resolved itself Collection of into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further °a

of the Bill for the better and more eaty Collecting of Charity Money on Briefs.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Laroche took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Laroche reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Reporl.be received To-morruw Sevennight;

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas iMr 1 euers for the cas, j Mf Lloyd ]46.

Tollers for the Noes 5 ^r' ^a1 lellerstortne Noes, jMr *21 >2t.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till this Day

Sevenuight, Nine of the Clock.

JoviS) 10° die A;

\ Anno 130 Georgii ir" Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act c<»nyer's for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement-Agreement made between Maurice Conyers Esquire,

Lord of the Manor of Rujlhall,in the County of Kent,

and the Right honourable William Lord Abergavenny and other Freehold Tenants of the said Manor, relating to certain Buildings and Inclosures made and erected in and upon Part of the Waites of the said Manor, and for making the said Agreement more effectual for the Purposes therebyintended: was read a Second time.,

'Resolved, That the Kll be committed so Mr.' Ttygfor Pelhaiji, Mr, Glanvi(le, Mr. Hacks, yMf* -WhiMorth,iJlr.Longti&bille, Mr WilkinfMr. PHhdm, i Mr. Monson, Mr. Arundell, Mr. Boone, Sir’‘Henry

6 Q;

518 10° — 11° Aprilis. A. 1740.

Liddell, Mr. Herbert, Lord Mr. Alderman

Parsons. Sir George PenniSir John , Mr. Keene, Sir Nathanael CurzoMr Mr Hanbury

Williams, Mr. Southwell, Sir James Grant, Mr. Gibson, Mr. Carew, Mr. Bayntun Roll, Mr. Stert, Mr. Taylor,

Mr Fenwick, Mr Gore, Mr.

Mr Vyner, Kit.Drummond, M Mr. Foley, Mr.

Wyndham, Mr. Harley, Lord Sidney Mr.

Knight, Mr. Pluiner, Sir Chr. Poroell, Mr. Owen, Mr. Bristow, Lord John Murray; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Suffer, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

American Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Paper Majesty, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to

Currency, give Directions, That there may be laid before this House, Copies of the Instructions to the several Governors of the British Plantations in; whereby thevare di-

rected to observe, and to put in Execution, an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen intituled, An Act for ascertaining the Rates of the foreign Coins in America; and also relating to their not giving their Assent to any Acts of Assembly, for the linking and issuing any Paper Bills of Credit in lieu of Money; and likewise relating to the passing any Bill or Bills, whereby the Trade or Navigation of this Kingdom may be any Ways affected.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Counsel.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1 eneris, 11° Aprilis;

Anno 130 Georgii II41 Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

Earl of \/TR. Sandysreported from the Committee to whom Halifax’s J.VJL the ingrossad Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Estate. for veiling the Inheritance of Part of the Estate of

George late Earl of Halifax, deceased, in Trustees, for Payment of his Debts, Daughters Portions, and Legacies, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Gunnerton -An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, lying within the Manor and Township of Gunnerton, in the County of Northumberland, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicolas Fenwick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

In wen’s. Scc. N Ir.RobertHucksreported from the Committeeto whom

Exchange. t|ie ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exchanging several Lands and Grounds belonging to Thomas Imoen Esquire, in the Parish of Wootton, in the County of Bedford, for other Lands of equal Value, in the same Parish, belonging to the Master, Fellows, and Scholars, of Sidney Sirf/exC in Cambridge, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in At the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Lifts of suant to their Address to his Majesty, a List of the Colonels and Colonels, Lieutcnaut Colonels, Majors, Captains, Lieutenants, and Ensigns, of his Majesty’s Forces on the 7

British Establishment; with the Dates of their feve ral Commissions as such; and also the Dates of the First Commissions which such Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels,

Majors, Captains, and Lieutenants, had in the Army:

And also,

A Lift of the Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majors,

Captains, Lieutenants, and Ensigns, of his Majesty's Forces on the Irish Establishment; with the Dates of their several Commissions as such; and also the Dates of the Firft Commissions which such Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majors, Captains, and Lieutenants, had in the Army.

And the Titles of the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lifts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Preservatlo* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Woods in upon the Bill for continuing so much of an Act, made in America-the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for better Preservation of his Majesty’s Woods in America; and for the Encouragement of the Importation of Naval Stofes from thence; and to encourage the Importation of Marts, Yards, and Bowsprits, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; as relates to the Premiums upon Malts, Yards, and Bowsprits,

Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; and the other Acts therein mentioned; and for granting a further Bounty upon all Ships employed in the Whale Fishery; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to exempt Harpooners, Line Managers, Boat Steerers, and Seamen, employed in the Whale Fishery, from being imprest to serve on board his Majesty’s Ships.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, for giving further Time for Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties omitted to be paid for their Indentures or Contracts.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- -merits thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Registry of the publick Registering of Deeds, Conveyances, and In- Deeds> &« cumbrances, that shall be made of, or may affect, Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within that Part of Great Britain called England, and the Dominion of Wales, wherein publick Registers are not already appointed by an Act of Parliament: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Laroche, according to Order, reported from the Collectioa of Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Charities on better and more easy Collecting of Charity Money on ne Briefs, wascommitled, the Amendments which the Committee bad made to the Bill; and which they had directed

23 him

13 Geo. II.

0 o

11 — 14

Jprilis.

AnfWer to Add rets.

him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, providing, That, notwithstanding this Act, it shall be at the Election of the Petitioners for any Brief, to follow the Method prescribed by that Ad, recited in the Bill made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Queen;

And the Question being put. That the Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, That there might be laid before this House, Copies of the Instructions therein mentioned to the several Governors of the British Plantations in , had been

presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Papers presented to this House upon the Twenty-eighth Day of March last, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, concerning the Paper Currency, and the Rates of Gold and Silver in America, from the Year 1700 to this present Year, and then ordered to lie upon the Table.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and of Pnvilegei. Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

519

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Preservation the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for of Avv 00.<,s In continuing so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty'sReign, intituled, An Act for better Preservation of his Majesty’s Woods in America; and for the Encouragement of the Importation of Malts, Yards, yand Bowsprits, from that Part of Britain called

Scotland, as relates to the Premiums upon Mads, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; and the other Acts therein mentioned; and for granting a further Bounty upon all Ships employed in the Whale Fishery; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read ihe Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by-the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

American

Paper

Currency.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the publick Registering of Deeds, Conveyances, and Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or may affect, Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within that Part of Great Britain called England, and the Dominion of Wales, wherein publick Registers arenotalreadyappointed by Act of Parliament; be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are in or about Town do attend the Service of the House upon Thursday Morning next.

Registry of* Deeds, &. c.

Members ordered to attend.

Earl of Halifax's Estate.

In wen's, See. Exchange.

Talbot's

Estate.

Litina^ 14* Aprilis;

Anno 13* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Inheritance of Part of the Estate of George late Earl of Halifax, deceased, in Trustees, for Payment of his Debts, Daughters Portions, and Legacies, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandysdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exchanging several Lands and Grounds belonging to Thomas Inwen Esquire, in the Parish of Wootton, in the County of Bedford, for other Lands, of equal Value, in the same Parish, belonging to the Matter, Fellows, and Scholars, of Sidney Si fix College in Cambridge, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Hucks do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Fall reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling Part of the settled Estate of Henry Talbot Esquire, in the Counties of Warwick and Derby, and for.settlingan-other Estate in the County of Rutland, of greater Value, to the same Uses, was committed. That the Committee Vol. 23.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the better and Collection of more"eafy Collecting of Charity Money on Briefs, be Charities oa read the Third time, upon Wednesday Morning next. Bne s*

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr.

Edwards.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a present Conference with this Conference House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter with Lords j of the last Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew. mcrce with

I Resolved, That this House doth agree to meet the Spain.

Lords at a Conference, as desired by their Lordships.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the last Conference do manage this Conference.

Ordered, That Colonel Bladen, Mr. Francis Fane,

Mr. Henry Fox, be added to the Managers.

And the Names of the Managers were called over.

And they went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Walpole reported, Thatthe Managers had metthe

Lordsat the Conference; which was managed on the Part of the Lords by the Duke of Bedford: Who acquainted them. That the Lords, having taken into Consideration the Reasons given by the Commons at the last Conference, for their disagreeing to several Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for prohibiting Commerce with Spain, their Lordships do infill upon Two of the said Amendments, for which they gave their Reasons; which he reported to the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Committees.

Ordered

K20

14° — 15° Aprilis.

A. 1740.

Committee Ordered., That the Committee of Privileges and of Privileges. Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, N ine of the Clock.

Martis, 150 Aprilis;

Anno 13" Georgii IIdi Regis, 1740.

Talbot’s

Estate.

Preservation of Woods in America.

American

Paper

Currency.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling Part of the settled Estate of Henry Talbot Esquire, in the Counties of Warwick and Derby, and for felling another Estate, in the County of Rutland, of greater Value, to the same Uses, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Fall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for better Preservation of his Majesty’s Woods in America; and for the Encouragement of the Importation of naval Stores from thence; and to encourage the Importation of Malls, Yards, and Bowsprits, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; as relates to the Premiums upon Mads, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine, and the other Acts therein mentioned; and for granting a further Bounty upon all Ships employed . the Whale Fishery; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Premiums upon the Importation of Mads, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine, to 2?n7//ft-madeSail Cloth, and the Duties payable ou foreign Sail Cloth; to the Greenland and to the Whale Fishery;. for granting a further Bounty for all Ships employed in the Whale Fishery during the present War; for exempting Harpooners, and others employed in the Greenland Fishery Trade, from being impressed; and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Richard Plumer,from the Commissioners for Trade

and Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Addresses to his Majesty of the 13th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament, an Account of the Rife and Progress of the Paper Bills of Credit in South Carolina, from the Year 1 700 to this present Time, together with the computed Value in Money of Great Britain, of such Bills, at the respective Times of their creating and issuing, and the Value of such Bills, in Money of Great Britain,at this time; and also an Account of the Rates and Prices of Gold, and Silver Coin in the Province of South Carolina, in the Year 1700, 1710, 1720, 1730, and at this present time.

And lie also presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty of the 10th Dav of this>instant April, Inltruciion relating to the Acts of Trade and Nd* vigation, given to all his Majesty’s Governors in America; in which an Act for alcert^ining the Rates of foreign Coins is inserted: And also,

Instructions to the several Governors of the British Plantations in America, relating to their not giving their Assent to any Acts of Assembly, for the llriking and issuing any Paper Bills of Credit in lieu of Money, and like-wife relating to the passing any Bill or Bills, whereby the Trade or Navigation of this Kingdom may be any ways affected; And also.

Particular Instructions to the Governor of the Massa-chufets Bay and New Hampshire, in relation to Bills of Credit: And also.

Additional Irdiruftion to the same Governor in relation to Bills of Credit: And also,

Particular Infiruftion to Robert Johnson Esquire, Governor of South Carolina, in relation to Bills of Credit in the Year 1730: And also.

Particular Instruction to the present Governor of South Carolina, in relation to Bills of Credit; together with a List of the said Instructions.

And the Title of the said Account, and the said Lift, were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to revive, explain, and amend, an Act, made in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for making the River Medway navigable, in the Counties of Kent and Sussex, without any Amendment. And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields in the Pa-rifli of Stivichall alias Stichal, in the County of the City of Coventry, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Hume Campbell reported from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and enlarging the Powers granted by his Majesty to the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed anddeferted young Children, by his Majesty’s most grafcious Charter, bearing Date the 17th Day of in the Year

of our Lord 1739; and to enable them to execute the good Purpof^s of the said Charter; was.committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the BiH, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments Were read, and are as follow; viz.

Press 1. L. 2. After " are," insert "liable to be:"

L. 3. After or," insert "be:"

P.'2. L. 16. After " meet,’* insert Clause A.

L. 25. After " Sole," insert " Ferhes \Covert who are or shall be seised in their own Right A Pi 3. L. 36. After " notwithstanding," insert Clause B.

P. 4. L. 17. After "fame," insert "and that every " Churchwarden, Overseer, or other Person whatsoever, " flopping, diflurbine, or moled ing, any such Person or " Perth ns, contrary to the Inlent and Meaning hereof, " shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings for every such " Offence, Half of which shall be paid to the Inforrher, " and Half to the Use of the said Hospital; which Forfeiture shall be levied by Warrant, under the Hands " and Seals of any Two of his Majesty’s Justices of the " Peace for the County, Liberty, or Franchise, where " such Offence shall be committed."

P. 7. L. x 7. Leave out " Members," and insert " Governors and Guardians:"

L. ax. After " Gazette," insert " or any other " publick News Paper:"

P. 8. L. 3. After " Corporation," insert " be it ftxrther Enacted, That

P. 9. L. 24. Leave out " or," and insert " and Clause A. " And be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid. That all and every House and Houses,

" Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall at

" any

Medway

Navigation,

Stivichall

Inclosure.

Foundling

Hospital.

ijGeo. II. i5° — i 6° Ap521

" any time hereafter be purchased or hired by the said " Corporation, to be used Or converted into an Hospital or Hospitals aforesaid, or on which any such Hospital or Hospitals, House or Honfes,shall be erefled " shall, at all times hereafter, whilst such House or " Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall " continue in the Possession of the said Corporation, be " rated and assessed to all Rates and Assessments, at " such yearly Rents or Value, and in full Proportion " as such House or Houses, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, were rated and assessed in the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Thirty Nine: and shall " not, at any time hereafter, so long as they shall continue in the Possession of the said Corporation as " aforesaid, be rated or assessed at any higher Value, notwithstanding any Improvement which shall be hereaf-c termade by the said Corporation of or upon the fame, " by erefiling any such House or Houses, or other " Building or Buildings thereon, or by converting any " Building or Buildings into such Hospital or Hospitals, House or Houses, any Law, Statute, or Usage, " to the contrary notwithstanding.

Clause B. " Provided always, and be it Enacted, by " the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Sum and " Sums of Money arising from, or paid by, the said " Corporation, to any Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or Femes " Covert, who are or shall be seised in their own Right, " Trustees, or Feoffees in Trull, Guardians or Committees for Lunaticks or Idiot s, Executors, Admi-‘‘ nistrators, or Guardians, as aforesaid, as the Consideration or Purchase Money for any Messuages, Lands, " Tenements, or Hereditaments, for erefiing fuchHouse " or Houses, Building or Buildings, for an Hospital or " Hospitals, for the Reception of such poor and exposed " Children, shall be laid out in the Purchase of other " Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled " to the same Uses, and l’tand charged with, and liable " to, the same Charge or Charges as the Messuages, " Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so fold and " conveyed, were settled,liable to, and chargeable with, " any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

And then this House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 16° die Aprilis; Anno 13* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

also the Dates of the first CoimuHTions which such Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majors, Captains, and Lieutenants, had in the Army; and also the Lift of the Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majors, Captains, Lieutenants, and Ensigns, of his Majesty’s Forces on the Irish Establishment, with the Dates of their several Commissions as such; and also the Dates of the first Commissions which such Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majors, Captains, and Lieutenants, had in the Army(which Lifts were severally presented to the House, upon the nth Day of this Instant April) be printed: And that Mr. Speaker do appoint the Printing thereof; and that \

no Person but such as he shall appoint do presume to print the fame.

A Petition of the Ship Owners and Mailers of Ships, of Whitby, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other absent Owners and Mailers; and also,

A Petition of the Ship Owners, and Mailers of Ships, of Scarborough, in the County of York, on behalf of themselves, and other absent Owners and Mailers; and also,

A Petition of the Ship Owners, and Mailers of Ships, of the Town of Kewcajllc upon Tyne, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other absent Owners and Mailers; and also,

A Petition of the Brethren of the Fraternity of Hoaft-men, in the Town of Neiccajllcupon Tyne, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of their Brotherhood; and also,

A Petition of the Fitters belonging to the Port of Sunderland, in the County of Durham;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That so much of the Bill now depending before the House, to impower the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, to set the Price upon all Coals, commonly called Sea Coals, imported into the Port of from

Nexocastle, and the Ports adjacent thereunto; and to settle the Wages of Labourers employed in delifering any Coal Ships in the River of;

and to oblige Fitters, and others vending and loading Ships with Sea Coals at Newcastle, and the Ports adjacent thereunto, to deliver such Coals to the Mailers of any Ships applying for the fame, as relates to the Petitioners, may' greatly injure and oppress them: And therefore praying. That they may he heard, by themselves, or CounfeJ, against such Part of the said Bill which does affect them.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the said Petitioners were severally ordered to be heard before the.laid Committee, by their Counsel, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Regulating

the Prie e of Coals.

Foundling A N ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Hospital. d\ Act for confirming and enlarging the Powers granted by his Majesty to the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and desertedyoungChildren, by hismost gracious Charter, bearing Date the Seventeenth Day of October, in the Year of our Lord 1 739; and to enable them to execute the good Purposes of the said Charter; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hume Campbell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Lift of Ordered, That the Lift of the Colonels, Lieutenant

Colonels and Colonels, Majors, Captains, Lieutenants, and Ensigns, ficere hf* his Majesty’s Forces on the British Establishment,

the Army, with the Dates of their several Commissions as such; and Voi..23.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer, and Mr.

Edioards: f

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Laws re-for amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, latingto Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and Ro.gue^ for reducing the same into One Act of Parliament; and °" *’ also for amending the Laws for erecting, providing, and regulating Houses of Correction; with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to jugulating resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon . the Price of the Bill to impower the Court of Lord Mayor and' Goa,s* Aldermen of the City of London, to set the Price upon all Coals, commonly called Sea Coals, imported into the Port of London from Newcastle, and the Ports adjacent thereunto; and to settle the Wages of Labourers

6 R employed

American

Paper

Currency.

Registry of Deeds, &c.

Conference

with

Lord*; — Prohibiting Commerce with Spaip.

Committee of Privileges.

Conyer’s

Agreement;

51a

16° — 170 Aprilis. 1740.

employed in delivering any Coal Ships in the River of Thames; and to oblige Fitters, and others vending and loading Ships with Sea Coals at and the Ports

adjacent thereunto, to deliver such Coals to the Matters of any Snips applying for the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The Onier of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to coniidei of the Papers prefeuted to this House, upon the Twenty-eighth Day of March last, from the Commissionersior Trade and Plantations, concerning the Paper Currency, and the Rates of Gold and Silver in,

from the Year 1700 to this present Year, and then ordered to lie upon the Table;

RejovvedyThat this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House. to consider of the said Papers.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the publick Registering of Deeds, Conveyances, and Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or may affect, Honouss, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within that Part of Great Britain called England, and the Dominion of Wales, wherein publick Registers are not already appointed by Act of Parliament, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

The House was moved. That the Journal of the House, of the 17th Day of February 1734, in relation to the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the North Riding of the County of York, for a publick Registery of all Deeds, Conveyances, fife, in the said Riding, and the Order of the House thereupon, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,^' cSf"’ I’24

Tellers for the.Noes,| ] 8a

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report made, of the Conference with the Lords, upon Monday the 14th Day of this instant April, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 170 die;

Anno 130 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1740. Prayers.

MR. Thomas Pelham,junior, reported from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement, made between Maurice Conyers Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Rushall, in the County of Kent, and the Right honourable William Lord Abergavenny, and other Freehold Teuants of the said Manor, relating to certain Buildings andlnclosures,

23

made and erected in and upon Part of the Wattes of the said Manor, and for making the said Agreement more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their*Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Vlw‘rela* Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, va-

An Act for amendingand enforcing the Laws relating to gaboudt, &<_. Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and for reducing the same into One Act of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws forerefting,providing, and regulating Houses of Correction: And the said Amendments were read, and are as follow; viz.

Prefs8. L. 3. Leave out the Second Word "of:"

Pr. 10. L. 22. Leave out the Word "to:"

Pr. 11. L. 1. Leave out the First Word "and :"

Pr. 14. L. 29. After the Word " but," insert the Word " whereas:"

Pr. 15. L. 2. Leave out the Word "whereof," and insert the Word " thereof:"

L. 46. After the Word " Overseers," insert the Words " of the Poor

Pr. 18. L. 35. " After the Word " Board," to insert the Words " in order to be carried."

The said Amendments, being Severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Gybbondo carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord ships.

Ordered, That it be an Inttruftion to the Committee Belief of to whom the Bill for reducing an Act, made in the Se- Debtors, cond Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for explaining and amending the same, into One Act, and for amending the said Acts, is committed. That they do likewise make Provision for reducing into the said Act an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons.

The House according to Order, proceeded to take p,..... into Consideration the Report made, of the Conference Commerce* with the Lords, upon Monday last; and the Reasons given with Spain, by the Lords for infilling on Two of the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for prohibiting Commerce with Spain, to which this House had disagreed, were read; and are as follow j viz.

The Lords do infill on their ad Amendment made to the Bill, intituled, An Act for prohibiting Commerce with Spain, in Press 1. L. 20, of the said Bill, whereby the Word " May" is directed to be inserted, instead of

the Word "June-,"to which the Commons disagree:

Because their Lordships apprehend, That should there be a Liberty granted of importing into his Majesty’s Dominions, any Goods or Commodities of the Growth or Product of Spain, till the First Day of June next, it would be a great Prejudice to this Kingdom, since an Opportunity may be thereby given of importing large Quantities of Goods contrafted for after the Prohibition of Commerce, on the Part of Spain, and which mull therefore be paid for in ready Money; whereby the Balance of Trade may be turned to the Prejudice of Great Britain; and great Advantages will arise to the King of Spain, and his Subjects, during the Time of

actual

13 Geo. II. x 7" — 18° Apritis.

S23

actual War with that Crown; which will, as the Lords conceive, be in a great Measure prevented by the said Amendment.

The Lords do not infill on their 3d Amendment in Pr. 2. L. 4, of the said Bill, whereby the Word " Foreign" is directed to be inserted, before the Word " Port j to which the Commons disagree.

The Lords do infill on their Amendment Clause A; to which the Commons disagree:

Becanfe it did appear to their Lordships, by the Account given by the Merchants at the Bar, that aim oft all the Effects of the English Merchants, contracted for in Spain, were either in Minorca, Gibraltar, or at Sea, in their Way to England, on or before the 26th Day of February last, the Time limited by the said Clause for the Arrival of such Goods at Minorca or Gibraltar: And the Lords conceive that no Inconvenience! can arise by indulging the Merchants to the 24th Day of June, for bringing home such Goods, since, by the said Clause, they are required to make Proof that the said Goods were actually imported into Minorca or Gibraltar, and there landed, or loaded on board some Ship or

Vessel, on or before the said 26th Day of February; and the Method prescribed for making this Proof is agreeable to what has been formerly practised in Cafes of the like Nature, except that in this same the Proof is, for the greater Security, required to be made before the Commi (Boners of the Customs, inllead of the Barons of the Exchequer; but no greater Difficulty will be thereby oe-cafioned to the Importers, who do not live in or about the Cities of London and Westminster, than was thought reasonable in the Act 3° Si, 40 Anna, Cap. 13. Sed. 3, and besides, it will be very practicable for them to fend up their Proofs to be produced, and laid before the Commissioners of the Customs.

For the Reasons above mentioned the Lords apprehend, That no Inconvenience can happen from the said Clause, and from the Prohibitions not absolutely taking place in all his Majesty’s Dominions at the same time.

The House was moved. That the Journal of the House of the 14th Day of February 1704, in relation to the Second Reading and Committing of the Bill for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, and the Petition of Thomas Carey, and George Hatley, of Merchants, and Edward and John Stratford Esquires, Executors of Francis Stratford Esquire, deceased; praying Relief in their Cafe, as touching French Wines purchased at Copenhagen, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Third Section of an Act, made in the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, might be read: And the same being read accordingly.

And the House being informed. That several Merchants concerned in the SpanijhTrade attended at the Door; they were severally called in, and examined.

And then they withdrew.

And the First of the said Two Amendments, infilled on by the Lords, was read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, was pollponed.

The Second Amendment, being Clause A, being read, the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made thereto; 012.

After the Word " which," and before the Words " actually imported," to leave out the Word " were," and, inllead thereof, insert " shall be

Between the Word " Gibralta," and the Word "on,"

leave out the Words " and there landed, or loaded on " board some British Ship or Vessel

After the Word "the,"and before the Word "Day," leave out *'Twenty-sixth," and, inllead thereof, insert, "Firll:"

After the Word " ofj" and before the Word " from," leave out " February 1739," and inllead thereof, insert,

" May 1740:"

After the Word, " them," and before the Word Vol. 23.

who," insert " in the Port of London, or before the " Comptroller of the Customs, in any other Port of " Great Britain

After the Word " Gibraltar," and before the Word " or," leave out " and there landed or loaded on board " some British Ship or Vessel

After the Word " said," and before the Word " Day,’* leave out " Twenty-sixth," and, inllead thereof, insert " First:"

After the Word " of," at the End of the Clause, leave out the Word " February," and, inllead thereof, insert " May

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the said Clause A, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and is as follows; viz.

Clause A. "Provided, That nothing herein contained " shall extend, or be construed to extend to hinder or " prohibit any Goods or Commodities of the Growth,

" ProduCl, or Manufacture, of any of the Kingdoms,

" Dominions, Islands, or Territories, of the Ring of " Spain, which shall be aOually imported into the Iuand " of Minorca or Gibraltar, on or before the First Day " of May One thousand Seven hundred and Forty, from " being imported into Great Britain, so as the same be " imported on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of June " One thousand Seven hundred and Forty,inRnVj//i-built " Shipping, navigated according to Law, and so as due " Proof be made, on Oath, before the Comptroller of the " Customs, in any other Port of Great Britain, who are " hereby impowered to administer such Oath, and also " to inquire into the Truth of the Cafe, and all Circumstances relating1 thereto, that the said Goods and " Commodities were actually imported into Minorca or " Gibraltar: on or before the said First Day of May."

The poltponed Amendment being again read;

Resolved, That this House doth infill upon their Disagreement to the said Amendment,

Resolved, That a free Conference be desired with the

Lords upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do go to the Lords, and desire the said free Conference.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the ingossed Bill for the better and Cofleftion of more easy Collecting of Charity Money on Briefs, be read Charities a Third time Tomorrow Morning. on Brivsk-

Mr. Secretary at War reported, That he having been Conference according to Order, at the Lords, to desire a free Conference, the Lords do agree to a free Conference; and Prohibiting appoint the same to be on Tuesday next, at Two of the Commerce Clock, in the Painted Chamber. Spain.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1 'merit18° die Aprilis;

Anno 13* Georgii II4i Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to oaths and obviate certain Doubts, how far Persons acting under Test Law*, certain Charters from the Crown, or other Powers, are obliged to qualify themselves, by taking and subscribing the several Oaths and Tells established by the several Statutes now in force for those Purposes: And that Mr.

Carew, Mr. Alderman Willimott, Mr. , Sir John

Heathcote, and Mr. Plumer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Relief of

to whom the Bill for reducing an Act, made in the Second l^btor*.

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment

Colle<3ion of Charities on Briefs.

Foundling

Hospital.

Regulating the Price of Coals.

524

18'

21

Aprilis.

A.

i74°.

prisonment of their Persons, and an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for explaining and amending the same, and for amending the said Acts, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clanfe or Clauses to exempt the Persons of Debtors being imprisoned ortaken in Execution, by virtue of any Judgment, Order, Sentence, or Decree of any Court, for a Sum to bejimited, provided the Party hath Effects to the Amount of the Debt; and shall give Security that they shall not be secreted or embezzled.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for the better and more easy Collecting of Charity Money on Briefs, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was j-ead the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill;

viz.

Press 8. L. 25. To leave out the Words " and Collectors."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeaa,|^* Archer: 85-

Tellers for the N«s,f^ } ,6.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Title be, An Act for the better and more easy Collecting of Charity Money on Briefs.

Ordered, That Mr. Laroche do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and enlarging the Powers granted by his Majesty to the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, by his most gracious Charter, bearing Date the Seventeenth Day of in tire Year of

our Lord 1739; and to enable them to execute the good Purposes of the said Charter, with an Amendment to One of the said Amendments: To which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to impower the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London to set the Price upon all Coals, commonly called Sea Coals, imported into the Port of London from Neivcajtle, and the Ports adjacent thereunto; and to settle the Wages of Labourers employed in delivering any Coal Ships in the River of Thames-, and to oblige Fitters,-and others vending and loading Ships with Sea Coals at and the Ports

adjacent thereunto, to deliver such Coajs to the Matters of any Ships applying for the fame;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for he Yea }

Tellers for he Noesj^r^"f;^": } 3,.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. r 1:

Mr Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Ileathcote took the Chair of the Committee.

23

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Healhcote reported from the Committee,

That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Holden presented to the House, according to Oaths and Order, a Bill to obviate certain Doubts, how far Persons Tell* Law*, acting under certain Charters from the Crown, or other Powers, are obliged to qualify themselves, by taking and subscribing the several Oaths and Tells established by the several Statutes now in force for those Purposes:

And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Holden have Leave to make a Motion, it being after four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec. Committee of tions be adjourned.: 1 Privileges.

And. then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunee, 21° dieA;

Anno 13® Georgii IIdl Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Conyer’* for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement. Agreement made between Maurice' Conyers Esquire,

Lord of the Manor of Rufthall, in the County of , and the Right honourable William Lord Abergavenny, and other Freehold Tenants of the said Manor, relating to certain Buildings and Inclosuresmade and erected in and upon Part of the Wattes of the said Manor; and for making the said Agreement more effectual for the Puri poses thereby intended; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Pelham junior do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Oaths ami Reading of the Bill to obviate certain Doubts, how far ^elts Law*. Persons acting under certain Chartersfrom the Crown, or other Powers, are obliged to qualify themselves; by taking arid subscribing the several Oaths and Tests established by several Statutes now in force for those Purposes, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly; '

The said Bill was read a Second time.:

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Registery Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill, of ^eeds> from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the publick Re- c‘ giftering of Deeds, Conveyances, and Incumbrances,-that shall be made of, or may affect. Honours, Manors,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within that Part of Great Britain called England, and the Dominion of

Wales, wherein publick Registers are not already appointed by Act of Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.

Regulating the Price of Coals.

Committee ol Privileges.

Foundling

Hospital,

Wilton

Writ.

Conference with Lords Prohibiting Commerce with Spain.

13 Geo. II.

210 — 22° — 2 30

Mr. Stephen Fox took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephen Fox reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the said Bill. i

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, t* consider further of the Bill to impower the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London to set the Price upon all Coals, commonly called Sea Coals, imported into the Port of London, from cqftle, and the Ports adjacent thereunto; and to settle the Wages of Labourers employed in delivering any Coal Ships in the River of Th; and to oblige Fitters, and others vending and loading Ships with Sea Coals at Newcastle, and the Ports adjacent thereunto,

to deliver such Coals to the Masters of any Ships applying for the fame.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2 2° Aprilis;

Anno 130 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to One of the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and enlarging the Powers granted by his Majesty to the Governors and Guardians of the Ilospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and desertedyoung Children, by his most gracious Charter, bearing Date the Seventeenth Day of October,in the Year of our Lord 1739; and to enable them to execute the good Purposes of the said Charter.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as follows;. viz.

In the Amendment in the 2d Line of the 7th Press leave out " or," and instead thereof, insert " and also " in case the said Governors and Guardians, presentat " any Meeting, or the major Part of them, fha.li so " direct in any

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Queliion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hume Campbell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendment, made by their Lordships, to One of the Amendments, made by this House, to the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wilton, in the County of in

the room of the honourable William Herbert Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Grooms of the Bedchamber to his Majesty.

The Time being come for the free Conference with the Lords, upon the Subject-matterof the last Conference;

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the last Conference do manage the free Conference.

Ordered, That. Mr. Alderman Mr. Hume

Vol. 23.

5*5

Campbell, Mr. Alderman Mand Ms. BurreU, be added to the Managers.

And the Names of the Managers were called over.

And they went to the said free Conference.

And being returned;

Mr. Walpole reported, That the Managers had been at the Place appointed for the said freeConference, and had waited there a considerable Time; but that the Lords not coming to the said free Conference, the Managers thought it their Duty to stay no longer.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii 2$die Aprilis.

Anno 130 Georgii IId* Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

QRD ERE D, That Mr. Speaker doiffuehis Warrant ^ew wind-

to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a i^w Writ for Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Windsor, in the County of Berks, in the room of the Right honourable Sidney Beauclerk Esquire, commonly called Lord Sidney Beauclerk; who, finee his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Vice Chamberlain of his Majesty’s Houshold.

The House beinginformed, That Mr. Speaker having Leikeard issued his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make Writ, out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lejkeard, in the County of Cornwall,such Writ had been made out accordingly; and thereupon a Burgess has beenele&ed to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; of whose Election no Return has yet been made; the Indenture of Return annexed to the Writ having been sent enclvifed in a Letter by the Poift, and the Western Mail, which carried the fame, having been taken away by Robbers;

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the CrOwn do immediately attend this House.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending,according to Order, and being examined, acquainted the House,

That he made out the said Writ, pursuant to Mr.

Speaker’s Warrant, the same Day on which the said Warrant was dated; and left the said Writ, as is usual in the like Cafes, at the Lord Chancellor’s, to be sealed, and sent by the Messenger attending the Great Seal; but that no Return of such W rit hath yet been brought into the Clerk of the Crown’s Office.

Ordered, That the Messenger attending the Great Seal do immediately attend this House.

The House being informed. That the Messenger attending the Great Seal attended at the Door, according to Order, he was called in; and, being examined, acquainted the House, That he sent the said Writ by a special Express to the Under Sheriff of the County of Cornwall, the next Day after the said Writ was sealed; and that he has a Receipt for the said Writ from the said Under Sheriff, delivered to him the said Messenger by the Person whom hedifpatched with the Express.

And then the Messenger to the Great Seal withdrew.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of this Mat-

r be adjourned till this Day Fortnight.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr.

Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords had commanded them to acquaint this Conference House, That their Lordships were prevented, by eJt- with traordinary Business, from meeting the Commons Yes- Lord*; — terday at a free Conference on the Subject-matter of commerce^ the last Conference, as was desired by the Commons; with Spain, and that the Lords do appoint the said free Conference . presently, in the Painted Chamber.

... And then the Messengers withdrew.

6 S Resolved,

I t)y»

Oaths and Test Laws.

Registry of Deeds, &c.

Regulating the Price of Coals.

American

Paper

Currency.

526 23° — 24° — 250 A. 1740.

Refolded, That this House do agree to meet the Lords at free Conference, as now appointed by their Lordships.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And the Names of the Managers were called over.

And they went to the said free Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Walpole reported, That the Managers had been at the said free Conference, and left the Bill, and Amendments, with their Lordships.

Refolded, That this House will immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to obviate certain Doubts how far Persons acting under certain Charters from the Crown, or other Powers, are obliged to qualify themselves, by taking and subscribing the several Oaths and Tests established by the several Statutes now in force for those Purposes.

The House accordingly resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Holden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Jovts, 240 die Aprilis;

Anno 13* Georgii IP' Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

JDESOLVED, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom-ing, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, to consider further of the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the publick registering of Deeds, Conveyances, and Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or may affect, Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within that Part of Great Britain called England, and Dominion of Wales, wherein publick Registers are not already appointed by Act of Parliament.

Resolved, That this House will immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bi*ll to impower the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, to set the Price upon all Coals, commonly called Sea Coals, imported into the Port of London from Newcastle, and the Ports adjacent thereunto j and to settle the Wages of Labourers employed in delivering any Coal Ships in the River of Thames; and to oblige Fitters, and others, vending and loadingShips with Sea Coals at and the Ports

adjacent thereunto, to deliver such Coals to the Mailers of any Ships applying for the fame.

The House accordingly resolved itself into aCommittee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Heathcote took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Heathcote reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will now resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Papers presented to this House, upon the Twenty-eighthDay of March last, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations concerning the Paper Currency and the Rates of Gold and Silver, in America, from the Year 1700 to this present Year and then ordered to lie upon the Table.

And the several other Papers concerning the said Paper Currency, and the said Rates of Gold and Silver Coin, presented to this House upon the Fifteenth Day of this instant April, from the Commissioners for Trade and

Plantations, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, were severally referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into thfe said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Cohmrittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, and also that they had directed him to make several Motions to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet and Mr.

Thurston:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do not infill on their Amendment in the Prohibition Twentieth Line of the First Press of the Bill, intituled,

An Act for prohibiting Commerce with Spain, for leaving Wl *>!un' out the Word " June," and inserting the Word " May,' instead thereof: And that their Lordships do agree to the Amendments, made by the Commons, to Clause A, added by the Lords to the said Bill. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act importing for continuing the several Laws therein mentioned, re- Marts, &c. lating to the Premiums upon the Importation of Malls,

Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine, to British-madeSail Cloth, and the Duties payable on foreign Sail Cloth, to the Greenland and to the Whale Fishery, during the present War; for exempting Harpooners and others employed in the Greenland Fishery Trade from being impressed; and forgiving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid, for the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put; Adjournment. That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } *8-

Teller, for the Noes, M'.Haffd\

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will immediately resolve it- Oaths and self into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Test Laws, further of the Bill to obviate certain Doubts how far Persons acting under certain Charters from the Crown, or other Powers, are obliged to qualify themselves, by tak-ingand subscribing the several Oaths and Tells established by the several Statutes now in force for those Purposes.

The House accordingly resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hdlden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Veneris 2 50 die Aprilis;

Anno 13° Georgii II41 Regis, 1740.

Pray e r s.

SIR John Heathcote, according to Order, reported Regulating from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Price the Bill to empowerthe Court of Lord Mayor and Alder- of Coals,

men of the City of London to set the Price upon all Coals, commonly called Sea Coals, imported into the Port of London from Newcastle, and the Ports adjacent thereunto; and to settle the Wages of Labourers employed in

delivering

American

Paper

Currency.

13'Geo. II. 25° Aprilis.

517

delivering any Coal Ship* in the River of Thames; and to oblige Fitters, and others, vending and loading Ships with Sea Coals aiNewcastle, and the Ports adjacent there-

unto, to deliter such Coals to the Masters of any Ships applylngfor the fame; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Rill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout} and then a Second time, one by one j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

1

A Petition of Francis Wilks and Christopher Kilby Esquires, Agents for . Province of Massachujfets Bay in New England, for and in Behalf of the said Province, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That in the Year 1730, when Jo Esquire,

the present Governor of the said Province, first came to his Government, each Year to 1741 was charged with a Debt, in Bills of Credit, that had been before that time issued to answer the Exigencies of Government of between Sixteen and Seventeen thousand Pounds, commu-nibus Annis, occasioned by a long and distressing War with the Indians; and that all the Bills emitted since that time to defray the growing Charge of the Province, have beeh laid on the Years preceding 1742, by means whereof the last Year 1739, and the present Year 1740, and succeeding Year 1741, are each charged with the heavy Burden of Sixty-eight thousand Pounds, one Year with another; besides about Forty-five thousand Pounds Principal and Interest, which is to be speedily drawn in, for the closing the several Province Loans: And further representing to the House, That, by reason of the heavy Charges of the Province, and the Scarcity of the Money, the People there have met with great Difficulty in the Payment of their Taxes, and in carrying on their Trade and Business; there being no other Medium of Commerce among them but their Paper Currency; the fmallQuantities of Silver and Gold, which are from time to time imported, being applied for the Payment of the Manufactures of Great Britain, which are expended in great Quantities in this Province; and that the Paper Currency in all the British Plantations being now under the Consideration of this House, and the Petitioners being intruded by the said Province to take care of their Interest, in all Matters that may arise here by which the Interest of the said Province may be any ways affected, conceive it their indispensable Duty to represent to the House the present distressed Condition of the said Province, for want of a new Emission of Paper Currency; which they do not desire, but upon providing sufficient Funds to secure the sinking and calling in the fame; and which, should they be prevented from doing, the Province must necessarily be thrown into the utmost Disorder and Confusion, the ’ Government be without’any Support; the Forts and Garrisons remain in a defenceless Condition, and wholly unprovided with warlike Stores; and the Province be unable to equip suitable Vessels of War to guard their Coast and their Trade; and Commerce be ruined and undone: And therefore, as the Resolutions to be taken by this House upon this Affair may greatly affect the Interest of the said Province of the Maffachnfets Bay, praying, That the Petitioners may be heard in relation to the State of the Paper Currency in New England, before this House comes to any Resolution thereon.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Papers presented to this House upon the Twenty-eighth Day of March last, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, concerning the Paper Currency, and the Rates of Gold and Silver, in America, from the Year 1700 to the present Year, and then ordered to lie upon the Table; and to whom the several other Papers concerning the said

Vol. 23.

Paper Currency, tlrid the said Rates of Gold and Silver American Coin, presented to this House the Fifteenth Day of this Paper ihstant April, from the Commissioners for Trade and Currency. Plantations, and then ordered to lie upon the Table,

Wefe referred; be received: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee, the Resolutions which they had direfiled him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Then Christopher Kilby Esquire, One of the said Petitioners, was called in.

And the Resolutions of the said Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That -it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for af-Certaining the Rates of foreign Coins in her Majesty’s Plantations in America,hath not been duly observed, as it ought to have been; by means whereof many indirect Practices have grown up, and various and illegal Currencies have been introduced in several of the said Colonies and Plantations, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, to the Prejudice of the Tradj of his Majesty’s Subjects.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the creating and issuing Paper Bills of Credit in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, by virtue of Acts of Assembly there, and making it obligatory on all Persons to take such Bills of Credit in Payment for all Debts, Dues, and Demands, hath frustrated the good Intentions of an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for ascertaining the Rates of foreign Coins in her Majesty’s Plantations \n America; and hath been a great Discouragement to the Commerce of this Kingdom, by oncafioning a Confusion in Dealings, and lessening of Credit in those Parts.

And then the said Christopher Kilby Esquire w’as heard.

And then he withdrew.

The First Resolution of the said Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, Nemine conlradicente.

Mr. Francis Fane acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to make a Motion, with respect to the said Resolution.

And he moved the House accordingly. 1

Resolved, Nemine conlradicente. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to require and command the respective Governors of his Colonies and Plantations in,

effectually to observe his Majesty’s Royal Inftrnftion di-resting them, that the Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for ascertaining the Rates of foreign Coins in her Majesty’s Plantations in America, be punctually, and bona fide, observed and put in execution, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed, by the said Committee, to make another Motion, with respect to the said Resolution.

And he moved the House accordingly:

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will begraciously pleased to issue his Royal Proclamation, to settle and ascertain the Rates and Proportion at which all foreign Gold Coins shall be accounted, received, taken, or paid, in any of his Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America.

The Second Resolution of the said Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, with au Amendment thereunto, agreed to by the House, Nemine contradicente; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the creating and issuing Paper Bills of Credit in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, by virtue of Acts of Assembly

there.

American

Paper

Currency.

250 — 28® Aprilis. . 1740.

there, and making it obligatory on all Persons to take such Bills of Credit in Payment for Debts, Dues, and Demands, hath fruilrated the good Intentions of an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for ascertaining the Rates of foreign Coins in her Majesty’s Plantations in America; and hath been a Discouragement to the Commerce of this Kingdom, by occasioning a Confusion in Dealings, and lessening of Credit in those Parts.

Mr. Francis Fane acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to make a Motion, with respect to the said Second Resolution of the said Committee.

And he moved the House accordingly:

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty Thanks for the Orders he hath already given; and humbly to desire him. That he will be graciously pleased to require and command the respective Governors of his Colonies and Plantations in America, punctually and effectually to observe his Majesty’s Royal Instructions, not to give Assent to, or to pass, any Act, whereby Bills of Credit may be issued in lieu of Money, without a Clause be inserted in such Act, declaring. That the same shall not take efTeft until the said Act shall be approved by his Majesty.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to make another Motion, with respect to the said Resolution.

And he moved the House accordingly:

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to giveDireftions to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to prepare, in order to be laid before this House the next Session of Parliament, An Account of the Tenor and Amount of the Bills of Credit, which have been created and issued in the several British Colonies and Plantations in America, as well those under Proprietors and Charters, as under his Majesty’s immediate Commission and Government, that shall be then outstanding; distinguisliirtg the Amount of the same in each Colony or Plantation, and the respective Times when such Bills so outstanding were issued, with the Amount of the said Bills in Money of Great Britain, both at the Time such Bills were issued, and at the Time of preparing the said Account; together with their Opinion what will be themofteafyand effectual manner of sinking and discharging all such Bills of Credit,with the lead Prejudice to the Inhabitants of the said Colonies and Plantations, and Interruption of the Commerce of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Resolutions this Day reported from the said Committee, and agreed to by the House, as aforesaid, be humbly laid before his Majesty* at the same time with the said Addresses.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to prepare forthwith a complete Collection of all the Laws which have been made, and are now in force, in any of the British Colonies in America, whether under Proprietors, or Charter Governments, or Commissions from his Majesty; distinguishing which have, and which have not, had his Majesty’s Royal Approbation, and the respectiveTimes when such Approbation wasgiven: And that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to cause the said Laws, when collected, to be printed and published.

A Motion wasmade, and the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, That there be prepared to be laid before this House, the next Session of Parliament, Copies of the several Memorials, Repre-fentations, and other Papers, which have been presented to his present or late Majesty, or any principal Secretary of State, or the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations,

by the Merchants and Traders of Bristol, or

Liverpool, or any other Persons, relating to any Act or Acts of Assembly, for the creating or issuing any Paper Bills, or Orders of Credit, or relating to the raising of the Coin in any of the British Colonies in; and for remedying the Evils arising from both to the Trade of this Kingdom, since the 29th of June 1716; with an Account of what Proceedings have been severally had upon such Memorials, Representations, and other Papers;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Te, ersfor.be

Tellers for the Noes,^ Robert Hucks: }

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be prepared, to be laid before this House, the next Session of Parliament, Copies of such Charters of his Majesty’s Colonies in America, granted by his Majesty, or his Royal Predecessors, as are now subsisting,. and in force.

Ordered, That the said Two Addresses last resolved to be presented to his Majesty, be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Counsel.

A Motion w'as made, and the Question being put, That this House will immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to obviate certain Dbubtshow far Persons acting under certain Charters from the Crown, or other Powers, are obliged to qualify themselves, by taking and subscribing the several Oaths and Tells established by the several Statutes now,' in force for those Purposes;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the YeaJ*!r- Bkiard Plumer, ’(Mr. Henry Archer:

Tellers for the Noesi^-

79-49-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Holden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunee 28° die Aprilis;

Anno 130 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1740. Prayers.

Mil. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Addresses of Friday last, together with their Resolutions concerning the Paper Currency, and the Rates of Gold and Silver in America; and also their other Addresses of the same Day, concerning a complete Collection of all the Laws which have been made, and are now in Force, in any of the British Colonies in America; and concerning Copies of Charters of his Majesty’s Colonies in America, granted by his Majesty, or his Royal Predecessors; had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions according to the said Addresses.

An ingrossed Bill to impower the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London to set the

Price

Oath and Test Ltwi.

Committee of Privileges.

Answer to Addresses.

Regulating the Price of Coak

Committee of Privileges*

Middlesex

Writ.

Royal Aflerit to Bills.

13 Geo. II.

Price upon all Coala, commonly called Sea Coals, imported into the Port of London,from Newcastle, and the

Ports adjacent thereunto; and to settle the Wages of Labourers employed in delivering any Coal Ships in the River of Thames; and to oblige Fitters, and others vending and loading Ships with Sea Coals, at and the Ports adjacent thereunto, to deliver fuel) Coals to the Matters of any Ships applying for the lame; was read the Third time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass:

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, 56-

Teller. for the Noes, } 32'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Title be, An Act to impower the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, to fetthe Price upon all Coals commonly called Sea Coals, imported into the Port of London; and to settle the Wages of Labourers employed in delivering any Coal Ships in the River of; and to oblige

Fitters, and others, vending and loading Ships with Sea Coals, at Newcastle, and the Ports adjacent thereunto, to deliver such Coals to the Matters of any Ships applying for the fame.

Ordered, That Sir John Heathcote do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 29®;

Anno i3* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

QR D ER E D, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the ele6ling of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Middlesex, in the room of Sir Francis Child, Knight deceased.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publiefc and private Bills, following; viz.

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One Million out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thoujjmd Seven hundred and Forty; and for enabling his Majesty to raise the further Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds out of the growing Produce of the said Fund ;' and for granting to his Majesty the Sum of Twenty-one thousand Pounds One Shiilingand Eight Pence Halfpenny, remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty’sExchequer.arisen by SaleofLands in the Istand of Saint Christophers; and for the further appropriating

the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament:

An Act for continuing the several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Premiums upon the Importation of Malts, Yards, and Bovvfprits, Tar, Pitch and Turpentine; to British-mn&e Sail Cloth, and the Duties payable

on foreign Sail Cloth; to the and to the

Whale Fishery; for granting a further Bounty forall Ships employed in the Whale Fishery during the present War; for exempting I Iarpooners, and others em-Vol. 23.

5*9

ployed in the Greenland Fishery Trade, from being impelled; and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices:

An Act for prohibiting Commerce with Spain

An Act for amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons; and for reducing the same into One Act of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws for erecting, providing, and regulating, Houses of Cor-re6lion:

An Act to restrain and prevent the excessive Increase of Horse Races; and for amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing of excessive and deceitful Gaming:

An Act for further and more effectually preventing the wilful and malicious Destruction of Collieries and Coal-works:

An Act to continue several Laws, therein menlioned, for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways, or Locks or other Works, erected by Authority of Parliament, for making Rivers navigable; for preventing Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Weirs upon the River of Thame, West ward; and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River; for preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and for better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty’s Subjects to and from the East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty !s Subjects trading thither under foreign Commissions; and for limiting the time for l'uing forth Writs of Certiorari upon Proceedings before Justices of the Peace, and for regulating the time and manner of applying for the fame; for the better and more speedy Execution of Process within particular Franchises or Liberties, and for extending the Powers and Authorities of Jnliices of the Peace of Counties, touching County Rates, to the Justices of the Peace of such Liberties and Franchises, as have Commissions of the Peace within themselves:

An Act for the Increase of Mariners and Seamen to navigate Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships or Vessels:

An Act for more' effectually preventing fraudulent Qualifications of Persons to vote as Freeholders, in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for such Cities and Towns as are Counties of themselves, in that Part of Great Britain called

An Act for confirming and enlarging the Powers granted by his Majesty to the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, by his most gracious Charter, bearing Date the Seventeenth Day of October, in the Year of our Lord 1739, and to enable them to execute the good Purposes of the said Charter: An Act to give further Powers to the Commissioners for building a Bridgecross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the oppositeShore in the County of Surry; and to enable them to raise a further Sum of Money towards finishing the said Bridge; and to perform the other Trulls repoled in them:

An Act for the more etLftual Maintenance and well-keejHiig of Stahies Bridge and Cauleway, being

the Highway from London to the West Parts of England:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and given by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick, to the Bottom of Meriden llill, in the same County, and for making the said Act more effectual:

An Act for continuing and making more effectual an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First for repairing the Roads from the Top of S/okenChurch to Bridge, and the Road from Wheatley Bridge through the Cityo

6 T by

28° — 290 Aprilis.

53 290 Aprili 1740.

Roykl Assent by Begbrook, to A 'eioWoo in the County of

to Bilhi except the Mile Way on each Side of the said City;

and for repairing the Road from the Crown

to the Turnpike on Stokrn Church Hill aforesaid:

An Act to revive, explain, and amend, an Act, made in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty Ring Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for making the River Medway navigable, in the Counties of Kent and Sussex:

An Act for making more effectualTwo Acts of Parliament, passed in the Seventh and Tenth Years of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for preferring and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland; and for repairing and amending the High Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven:

An Act for further enlarging the Term granted by an Act, of the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for deanfing and making navigable the Chanel from the at Colchester, to

Wivenhoe:and for making the said Act, and another Act, of the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term granted by the said Act, of the Nint h and Tenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, more effectual:

An Act to explain and enlarge the several Powers for appointing Portions, and settling Jointures, which are contained in certain Letters Patent, bearing Date the Twenty-second Day of October, in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, whereby certain yearly Pensions, i 11'uing out of the Hereditary Revenue of the Excise, do now Hand limited to William Duke of Cleveland and Charles Duke of Grafton, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies respectively:

An Act for vesting the Inheritance of Part of the Pilate of George late Earl of Halifax, deceased, in Trustees foy the Payment of his Debts, Daughters Portions, and Legacies:

An Act forconfirmingandeflabJilhingcertain Articles of Agreement, made between Maurice Conyers Esquire, Lord of the Manor of in the County' of Kent,

and the Right honourable William Lord and other Freehold Tenants of the said Manor, felating to certain Buildings and Inclosures, made and erected in and upon Part of the Waites of the said Manor; and for making the said Agreement more efifectual for the Purposes thereby intended:

An Act to enableSir William Morice Baronet to grant to the Incumbent of the Parish Church of in

the County of Devon, and his Successors, and the Pa-rilliioners of the said Parish, a Piece of Ground belonging to the capital Messuage of Werington, in the said Coifnty:

An Act for establishing and confirming an Agreement between William Gore Esquire, Execntor of Edward Gore Esquire, deceased, and Mary Gore, Widow of , Thomas Gore Esquire, deceased, for herself, and on the

behalf of Charles Gore, an Infant, relating to the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, paid by Francis Freeman Gentleman, to the said Edward Gore:

An A 6lfor exchangingfeveral Lands and Grounds be-" longing to Thomas Inwen Esquire, in the Parish of Wool-ton, in the County of Bedford, for other Lands of equal Value in the same Parish, belonging to the Mailer, Fellows, and Scholars, of S College in Cambridge:

An Act for felling Part of the settled Estate of Heniy Talbot Esquire, in the Counties of Warwick and Derby, and for settling another Estate in the County of Rutland, of greater Value, to the same Uses:

An Act for making Divisions, Inclosures, and Allotments, of the open Corn Fields and Common Pasture in the Lordship of Bewho, otherwise Bewham, in the Parish of Nunkeeling, in the County of York; and for settling and establishing the Payment of a yearly Sum to

the Impropriators of the Rectory of aforesaid, and their Heirs, in lieu of Tythes arising within the said Lordship, pursuant to an Agreement between the said Impropriators and the Proprietors of the said I^ands:

An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement, and an Award, for dividing and inclosing of a Common Down, and for dividing, inclosing, and exchanging of Lands, lying in the Tything of Charlton, in the Parish of Andover, in the County of Southampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields in the Parish of Stivichall, alias Stichall, in the County of the City of Coventry:

An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields,

Common Pallures, and Waste Grounds, lying within the Manor and Township of Gunner ton, in the County of Northumberland,

After which his Majesty was pleased to make a most The King* gracious Speech to both lloufes of Parliament; as fol- Speetn, loweth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The Zeal which you have shewn for the Support and Prosecution of the just and necessary War in which I am engaged, is a fresh Proof of your Concern for the Honour and Interestof my Crown and Kingdoms.

As this great and national Undertaking is the principal Object of our Attention and Expectations, so the Justice of our Cause, and the Success which hath hitherto attended my Arms, gives us the moll reasonable Hopes,

That by the Continuance of the Divine Afliliance we may fee a happy Ilfuc of it.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I thank you for the efi‘e6tual Supplies which you have granted me for the Service of the current Year. The best Return I can make is to allure you. That they shall be duly employed to the Purposes for which they tvere given.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I have-formerly recommended to you Union amongst yourselves, as being highly conducive to the carrying on this great Work with Honour and Advantage, and to the more speedy obtaining of all possible Justice and Sa-tisfaclionfromtheCrownof Spain, for themany grievous Injuries fullered by my Subjects, and effectual Security for the Freedom of our Commerce and Navigation for the future. I do now earnefily exhort you to promote and extend that Union in your respective Countries.

Let the Support of the common Cause of the Nation prevail to attain this desirable End. Our Enemies mull . already have been made sensible, in some Degree, of the,

Weight of our just Resentment. They fee my Kingdoms in such a Posture of Defence, as mull render all Attempts from them, without Encouragement from amongst ourselves, vain and desperate. They fee the Trade and Navigation of my Subjects protected, as far as the Nature and Circumstances of a maritime War will pofiibly admit, and at the same time the moll valuable Branches of the Spanish Commerce greatly interrupted, and subjected to many Difficulties and Losses. From these - happy Effects of my early Endeavours, and your ready Concurrence at the firftEntrance into the War, I cannot but hope that the Preparations which I am now making for carrying it on in the most proper Places and in the most vigorous and effectual Maimer, will be blessed with Success equal to our just Expectations.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty’s Command, said;

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is his Majesty’s royal Will and Pleasure, that this Parliament be prorogued to Tuesday the Third Day of June next, to be then here held: And this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Tuesday the Third Day of June next.

14 Geo. II. 30yunii — 8° Julii — 19* Augujii — 30° Sept, — 18° Nov. 331

Mart'iSy 30 die Junii;

Anno 14® Georgii IId llegis, 1740

Parliament r 1 'll E House being met, according to the last Pro-further X rogation; prorogued. Message was brought from the Ix>rds, by Sir William Sanderson, Deputy Gentlemau Ulher of the Black

Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing the Parliament until Tuesday the Eighth Day of next.

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued unt’l Tuesday the Eighth Day of July next.

Mortis, 190 die Augujii;

Anno 14® Georgii IP1 Regis, 1740.

THE House being met, according to the lall Pro- Parliament rogation; further

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir Proro8ued-liam Sanderson, Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, delire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing the Parliament until Tuesday the Thirtieth Day of September next.

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the Thirtieth Day of September next.

Mortis, 8° die;

Anno 14® Georgii IP" Regis, 1740.

Parliament rT'HE House being met, according to the last Pro-further JL rogation; prorogued. Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir William Sanderson, Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, delire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing the Parliament until Tuesday the Nineteenth Day of next.

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued untfl Tuesday the Nineteenth Day of August next.

Mortis, 30° die Septembris;

Anno 14® Georgii II111 Regis, 1740.

rl'^H E House being met, according to the last Pro- Parliament JL rogation; further

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir Wtl- ProroSue liam Sanderson, Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, wept up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing the Parliament until Tuesday the Eighteenth Day of November next.

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the Eighteenth Day of November next.

[«]

' *

Mortis, 18* Novembris

Anno 14* Georgii ID* Regis, 1740.

Meflageto A MESSAGE from his Majesty, by Sir Charles attend the Dallon, Gentleman U flier of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable I Ioufe to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And being returned;

Members Several Members, returned upon new’Writs, took the take Oath*. Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the Laws made for those Purposes.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Clandefltn* Outlawries, was read the First time. Outlawries.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended The King®*, his Majesty, in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty,- Speech was pjeased to make a most gracious Speech from the rpPott Throne, to both Houses of Parliament; of which Mr.

Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy: Which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I acquainted you at the Close of the last Session of Parliament, That I was making Preparations for carrying on the just and necessary War in which I am engaged, in

the

[a] The Proclamation for the Meeting of Parliament is wanting in the original Journal. VoL. 23.

L

53*

18° Novembris. A. 1740.

the most proper Places, and in the most vigorous and effectual manner. For this Purpose strong Squadrons were got ready and ordered to fail upon important Services both in the West Indies and Europe, with as much Expedition as the Nature of those Services and the Manning of the Ships would admit. A very conGderable Body of Land Forces was embarked, which is to be joined by a great Number of my Subjects raised in' America; and all things necessary for transporting the Troops from hence, and carrying on the designed Expedition, were a long time in Readiness, and waited only for an Opportunity to pursue the intended Voyage.

The several Incidents which have happened in the mean time have had no Effect upon me but to confirm me in my Resolutions, and to determine me to add Strength to my Armaments, rather than to divert or deter me from those just and vigorous Methods, which I am pursuing, for maintaining the Honour of my Crown, and the undoubted Rights of my People.

The Court of Spain, having already felt some Effects of our Uefentment, began to be sensible, that they should be no longer able alone to defend themselves against the Efforts of the British Nation. And if any other Power, agreeably to some late extraordinary Proceedings,should interpose, and attempt to prcscribe or limit the Operations of the War against my declared Enemies, the Honour and Interest of my Crown and Kingdoms mull call upon us to lose no Time in putting ourselves into such a Condition, as may enable us to repel any Insults, and to frustrate any Designs formed against us, in Violation of the Faith of Treaties. And I hope any such unprecedented Steps, under what Colour or Pretence soever they may be taken, will inspire my Allies with a true Sense of the common Danger, and will unite us in the Support and Defence of the common Cause.

The great and unhappy Event of the Death of the late Emperor opens a new Scene in the Affairs of , in which all the principal Powers may be immediately or consequentially concerned. It is impossible to determine what Turn the Policy, Interest, or Ambition, of the several Courts may lead them to take in this critical Conjuncture. It shall be my Care ItriCtly to observe and attend to their Motions, and to adhere to the Engagements I am under, in order to the Maintaining of the Balance of Power, and the Liberties of and in Concert with such Powers, as are under the same Obligations, or equally concerned, to preserve the publick Safety and Tranquillity, to act such a Part, as may bell contribute to avert the imminent Dangers that may threaten them.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons.

I have ordered Estimates to be prepared and laid before you, for the Service of the ensuing Year: It is always with Regret that I ask any extraordinary Aids of my People; but what I have already mentioned, must be sufficient to satisfy you, that some Augmentations will be necessary, not only for carrying on the present War with Vigour, but aTfoto put ourselves in a Condition of being prepared for such Events as may arise in this new and uncertain State of Europe: I therefore depend on your experienced'Zeal and Affection for me, and my Government, your Concern for your own Safety, and the Support of the Common Cause, to grant me fuen effectual Supplies as may be requisite for these great Ends.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The Scarcity of Corn which has happened in many Countries of Europe has induced several Pow’ers to make extraordinary Provisions to obviate the ill Effects of that Misfortune: And though in many Parts of this Kingdom the Harvest has proved more favourable, yet common Prudence calls upon us to provide, as far as may be, against the Approach of such a Calamity: Beiides, in our present Circumstances, it would be an incxcufeable Neglect to fuflerour Enemies to be supplied with any Kind of Provisions from my Dominions, and that, even at the Hazard of my own Subjects being drftreffed. Let me therefore earnestly recommend it to you to consider of some good Law to prevent this growing Mischief.

The Difficulties which have been found in manning the Fleet by the usual Methods hitherto practised, demonstrate the Want of some parliamentary Remedy. I must therefore press it upon yon, to l.»fe no Time in making such Provisions, in this respect, as, whillt we are engaged in a War, in Defence of the Commerce and Navigation of this Kingdom, may enable the Publick to avail ilfelf of those great Numbers of Seamen which make so valuable a Branch of our Strength.

The Importance of these Considerations is so apparent, that I need use no Arguments to convince you of the Necessity of the utmost Unanimity and Dispatch in your Proceedings.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That at humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House for his most gracious Speech from the Throne; to acknowledge, with Duty and Gratitude, his Majesty’s great Regard for the Honour and Interest of these Kingdoms, in equipping such strong Squadrons of Men of War, and erubarkiUg a Body of Land Forces, to be joined, and {Lengthened by a considerable Number of his Majesty’s Subjects raised in America, in order to carry on tf»e YV ar in those Parts in the most vigorous and effectual manner; to express our most dutiful Sense of his Majesty’s Firm-ness and Resolution, in not suffering himself to be diverted or deterred, by any Incidents, from pursuing the just and vigorous Measures in which he is engaged, for maintaining the Honour of htsCrown, and the undoubted Rights of his People; and to allure his Majesty, that tins House will Hand by and support his Majesty against all Attempts made in Violation of the Faith of Treaties, or tending to prescribe or limit the Operations of the War against his Majesty’s declared Enemies; and that we will, with great Cheerfulness, grant his Majesty such effectual Supplies, as shall be necessary, not only for carrying on the present War with Vigour, but also to put his Majesty in a Condition of being prepared for such Events as may arise from the new and uncertain State of Affairs in Europe; and that we will lose no Time in considering the most proper Methods of remedying the great Mif-chiefs that may'arise from the Scarcity of Corn, or from suffering our Enemies to be supplied with any Kind of Provisions from any of his Majesty’s Dominions; and that we will take such Measures as shall be thought most reasonable and practicable, to enable his Majesty effectually to man his Royal Fleets, for the Defence of the Kingdom, for the Security of the Trade and Navigation of his Majesty s Subjects, and for carrying on the War with Vigour; - -

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting after the Words " presented to his f‘ Majesty," and before the Words, ,:to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House," these Words, to " congratulate his Majesty upon his safe and happy " Arrival in these his regal Dominions.",

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting after the Words " and that we will," and before the Words " with great Cheerfulness," the Words " make a due Examination into the Application of the Supplies given the last Session of Parliament, and will."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

V Mr. San d

I Mr. Wm. Pitt:

159-

220.

Tellers for the Noes *M.r- Winning ton,

1 ellers for the woes, Mp

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Question, as before amended, being put; tte/olved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to congratulate his Majesty on his safe and happy Return to these his legal Dominions; to return 20 his

AJdreft on ti e King’s Speech.

14 Geo. II. 180 Novembris.

533

his Majesty the Thanks of this House for his most gracious Speech from the Throne; to acknowledge, with Duty and Gratitude, his Majesty’s great Regard for the Honour and Interest of these Kingdoms, in equipping such itrong Squadrons of Men of War, and embarking a Body of Land Forces to be joined and strengthened by a considerable Number of his Majesty’s Subjects raised in America, in order to carry on the War inthofe Parts in the most vigorous and effectual manner; to express our moil dutiful Sense of his Majesty’s Firmness and Re-Xolution, in not suffering himself to be diverted or deterred, by any Incidents, from pursuing the just and vigorous Measures, in which he is engaged, for maintaining the Honour of his Crown, and the undoubted Rights of his People; and to allure his Majesty, That this House will Hand by and support his Majesty against all Attempts made in Violation of the Faith of Treaties, or tending to prescribe or limit the Operations of the War against his Majesty’s declared Enemies; and that we will, with great Cheerfulness, grant his Majesty such effectual Supplies as shall be necessary, not only for carrying on the present War with Vigour, but also to put his Majesty in a Condition of being prepared for such Events, as may arise from the new and uncertain State of Affairs in Europe; and that we will lose no Time in considering the most proper Methods of remedying the great Mischiefs that may arise from the Scarcity of Corn, or from suffering our Enemies to be supplied with any kind of Provisions from any of his Majesty’s Dominions; and that we will take such Measures as shall be thought most reasonable and practicable to enable his Majesty effectually to man his Royal Fleets, for the Defence of the Kingdom, for the Security of the Trade and Navigation of his Majesty’s Subjects, and for'carrying on the War with Vigour.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr.

Mr. Selzvyn junior, Mr. Sir John

Lord Eujflon, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Lord

Sundon, Sir Wm. Irby, Mr. , Mr. , Mr.

Forester, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Earle, Mr. Cary, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Arundel, Sir Thomas Hobby, Mr. Clarke, Sir Wm. Corbett, Mr. Hay, Mr. St. John, Mr. Neale, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. IleMr. Walker, Mr. Edward Walpole, Mr. Jeiokes, Mr. White, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Fane, Mr. Henry Fox, Mr. Selzvyn, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Fox, Mr. Mr. Chancellor

of the Exchequer, Mr. Turner, Mr. More, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Vane, Mr. Trevor, Lord Sidney Beau clerk; or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber. /

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Sbortham Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgefsto serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Shoreham, in the County of in the room of Thotpas Frederick Esquire, deceased.

for the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, in the room of Sir Jeremy Vanacker Sambrook Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Steyning the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ, for Writ, the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Suf-sex, in the room of Sir Robert FaggBaronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Plymouth the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for "W"1* the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, in the room of Charles Fanbrugh Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Eastlow the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ. Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Eastlow, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Samuel Holden Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Berwick the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the upon Tweed Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament Wr,t‘ for the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in the room of George Liddel Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Banbury the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ-

Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Banbury, in the County- of Oxford, in the room of the Right honourable William Knollis Esquire, commonly called Lord Viscount Wallingford, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Clifton the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the '

Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament Writ, for the Borough of Clif ton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of Devon, in the room of George Treby Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Barnftnple the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ. Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon,

in the room of Sir John Chichester Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Salop Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Salop, in the room of Corbet Kynaston Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Guilford the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ. Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Guilford in the County of Surry, in the room of the honourable Richard Onslow Esquire, now Lord Onslow, called up to the House of Peers.

Somerset Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Somerset, in the room of Sir Wnu Wyndham Baronet, deceased.

Montgomery Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ, for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Montgomery, in the room of the honourable Pryce Deverctix Esquire, now Lord Viscount Hereford, called up to the House of Peers.

Bedford Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the

Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament Vou 23.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Reading the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ. Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, in the room of Harry Grey Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Newcastle the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the under Line Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament Wnt*

for the Borough of Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford, in the room of John Lawton Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Northaiiertom the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Wnu Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament

for the Borough of Nortliallertdn, in the County of York, in the room of Leonard Smelt Esquire, deceased.

6 U The

534

18° — 190 Novembris. 1740.

Leikeard The House being acquainted, That no Return had Return. been made into the Office of the Clerk of the Crown, of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lejkeard, in the County of , in the

room of George Dennis Esquire, deceased;

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the Returns for the County of Cornwall, for this present Parliament; and likewise with his Docquet Book of Writs and Returns for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

The House being informed, That the Under Sheriff of the County of Cornwall was in Town;

Ordered, That the said Under Sheriff do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 190 die Novembris;

Anno 14* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

Grand f\RD E RE D, That the grand Committee for Religion Committee*. " do lit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Committee Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elec-«fPrivileges, tions be appointed.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Earle, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Watts, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Clavering, Lord Barrington, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Yates, Mr. Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. Berkeley, Dr. Mr. Talbot,

Mr. Medlycott, Lord Sidn. Beauclerk, Mr. Fox, Mr.

Bathurfi, Mr. Proby, Lord Limerick, Mr. Kent, Mr. Longueville, Mt.Foreficr, Sir John Rushout, Mr.

Mr. Garth, Sir Henry , Mr. Morden, Lord

Palmerston, Mr. Orce/t, Sir Richard Mr. Howe, S\r Geo. Cafwall, Colonel Pulteney, Mr. Gore,§\rJohn Hind Colton, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Waller, Mr. Ashe, Mr. -minique, Mr. Maifler, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Keene, Mr. CholmlcyTurner, Mr. Sir Thomas Haks, Cap-

tain Baker, Mr. Powlelt, Colonel Pelham, Mr. Parker, M r. Chaffin, Sir CharksBunbury, Lord Combury, General

Handafyde, Mr. Horfmonden Turner, Mr. Neak, Mr. Fere, Mr. Knight, Mr. Ord, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Carew, Mr. Comewall, Mr, Mr. Pitt,

Sir Geo. Wynne, Mr. Codrington, Mr. Gibbon, Mr. Bathurfi, Mr. Walker, Mr. Mr. Eliot, Mr. Thompson, Sir John Lifter Kay, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Affleck, Sir Thomas Clarke, Sir Thomas Knight, Sir Jer. Davers, Mr. Bock-land, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Secretary at War, Sir John Shelley, Mr. Brereton, Sir John Turner, Mr.

And they are to meet upon this Day Sevennight, at Five of the Clock, in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every Friday, Monday, wad,

in the Afternoon; and all that come are to have Voices: Aud they are to take into Consideration all such Matters, as shall or may come in question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns in the first place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons that will question any Returns, are to do it within Fourteen Days next; ' and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return

shall be brought in: And the Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records^ for their Information: And all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Elation by this Day three Weeks, for which of the Placfes they will

serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in question,' touching the Return, EIe6tion, or Matter of Privilege, of any Alember, he is to withdraw, during the time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members returned upon double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Refolded, That where the House shall judge any Petition touching Elections to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Refolded, That if it shall appear. That any Person hath procured himself to be elected, or returned, a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Refolded, That if it shall appear, That any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Refolded, That if shall appear, That any Person hath given false Evidence in any Cafe, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Refolded, That it is an high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elc6tion$ of Members tp serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Refolded, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers, that he shall fee, or be informed of, to be in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting: And that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning, at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers of Middlesex and Westminster, do take care, That, from

Eleven of the Clock in the Morning lo One in tho Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple Bar and Hall,

shall be kept free and open and that no Obstruction be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House dp give Notice of th» Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster Hall,or the Passages leading to the House, dur-

ing the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered,

Usual

Orders.

14 Geo. II. if Novembris.

535

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster, and that he do fee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footmen be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House to take care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen, attending the Members of this House, to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as fha.II presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That to prevent the Intercepting or Losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Post Master General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the least immediately after the Riling of the House; and also on every Friday, Monday, and Wednesday, from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members, to whom they Audi be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Post Mailer General.

Ordered, That when any Letter, or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame, and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being iirft perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Private Bills. Resolved, That this House will receive no Petition for private Bills after the 21 ft Day of January next.

Controverted Resolved, That in all Cases of controverted Elections Elections. Counties in England and Wales, to be heard at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Petitioners do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within a convenient Time to be appointed, either by the House, or the Committee of Pn-vileges and Elections, as the Matter to he heard Audi be before the House, or the said Committee, deliver-to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lifts of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members, giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection; and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to: And that the Sitting Members do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within the same time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners, or their Agents.

Lefkeard The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according

Keiurn. to Order, with the Returns for the County of Cornwall, for this present Parliament, and likewise with hisDocquet Vol. 23.

Book of Writs and Returns for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament; and, being examined, acquainted the House, That, from an Entry in his Docquet Book, which he read, it appeared. That- Writ was made out on the 12th Day of March last, for the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lijkeard in the County of Cornwall, in the room of George Dennis Esquire, deceased: And Mr. Stephen Tilly, the Under Sheriff of the County of Cornwall, attending, according to Order, was called in; and being examined, acquainted the House, That he, by virtue of a Deputation from the Sheriff of the said County, did, on the 19th Day of March last, receive a Writ, to the said Sheriff'directed, for the EleClion of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lejkeard, in the room of George Dennis Esquire, deceased; and thereupon made out a Precept, directed, and by him sent, to the Mayor of the said Borough, commanding the said Mayor to proceed to the said Election; which Precept was, on the 29th Day of the same Month, to him returned, by the Hand of the Town Clerk of the said Borough, together with an Indenture, executed by the Mayor and Recorder, and several other Burgesses present at the Election made pursuant to the said Writ and Precept, whereby Charles Ef-

?uire is returned a Burgess for the said Borough: Which ndenture of Return, being by him, and the said Town Clerk, compared with a Draught of a Counter part thereof, prepared by the said Town Clerk, was found to agree therewith; and that thereupon, by virtue of the said Deputation, he put the Sheriff’s Name, and Seal of his Office, to the said Counter-part; and executed the same for the said Sheriff; and requested the said Town Clerk to convey the said Writ and Return to the Clerk of the Crown.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Precept, so returned to him, and by him produced, was read, together with the Indorsement thereof, testifying, That the said Mayor had received the said Writ, and that the Execution of the Precept to him directed, appeared in a certain Indenture thereunto annexed.

And the House was informed, by a Member of the House, Recorder of the said Borough, and present at the said Election, who also signed the said Indenture of Return, that CharlesTrelawney Esquire was then elected, and returned.

And the House being informed. That the Town Clerk of the said Borough attended at the Door;

He was called in; and being examined, acquainted the House, That he, James Bonython, acted as Town Clerk of the said Borough at the said Election; and that the said Precept was then read by him; and that the said Charles Trelawney Esquire was elected, and was returned by an Indenture by him the said James Bonython drawn; and which was properly executed, and by him brought to the said Stephen Tilley, Under Sheriff of the said County, together with the said Precept; and that a Counter-part of the said Indenture of Return, by him the said Bonython drawn, was compared by them both, with the said original Indenture, and agreed therewith, and was then executed by the said Under Sheriff; which Counter-part having been in his the said Bonython's Custody ever since, was by him produced.

And being further examined, he said, That John Dampen Esquire was Mayor of the said Borough at the said Election, but is since dead.

And then he withdrew.

And the House being informed, That Mr. Wm. Luke, Agent in London to the said Under Sheriff’, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and being examined, acquainted the House, That he received Advice by Letter, that the said Indenture of Return, with the Writ annexed, was to him sent by the Post, in order to be conveyed to the Clerk of the Crown; but that he never received them, the Mail being robbed; and that he was told by one of

19* Novembris. A. 1740.

Leskeard

Return.

the Robbers, whom he saw in Confinement, that a Parchment, which seemed to be the Return of a Member to Parliament, was by them burnt, to prevent Discovery; and that another of the said Rubbers, who hath lince been executed, confessed to him, That the Parchment burnt was an Indenture of Return for the Borough of Lejkeard, though he forgot the Name of the Member returned.

And then he withdrew.

And the House being informed. That Mr. John -fields the Under Sheriff of the County of Sur/y, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, being examined, acquainted the House, That the Person executed for the said Robbery, did, at the time of his Execution, confess.That the Writ and Return for Lejkeard were burnt.

And then he withdrew.

Then the said Connter-part of the said Indenture, produced by the said James Bonyt, was read; and is as follows; viz.

This Indenture, made at the Borough of otherwise Lijkeard, at the Guildhall there, in the County of Cornwall, the Five-and-Twentieth Day of , in

the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Second, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith,

and so forth, and in the Year of our Lord Chritl One thousand Seven hundred and Forty, between John LampenGentleman, Mayor of the Borough of Lijkerett, ether wtfeLi/keurdaforesaid, of the One Part, and

Llewellin Leach Esquire, Sheriff of the County aforesaid, of the other Part, witnesseth. That the said Mayor, and the Burgesses of the Borough aforesaid, by their unanimous Consent and Assent, have cholen,nominated, and appointed Charles Trclawn Esquire, in the Place of George Dennis Esquire, deceased, a Burgess of the Borough aforesaid, to be at the present Parliament, now held at Westminster, to do, and to agree to, all those

Things, which, by the Council of thisKingdom of Britain, shall, by the Permission of God, happen to be ordained: lu Witness whereof, to one Part ofthisWriting indented, remaining in the Power of the said Sheriff, the said Mayor and Burgesses have set their common Seal, and to the other Part of this Writing indented, remaining in the Power of the said Mayor and Burgesses, the said Sheriff hath set his Seal, the Day and Year above written.

Francis Llewellin Sheriff (L. S.)

Signed, Sealed, and Delivered in the Presence of us

James

James Tillie.

And an ACi, made in the 7th Year of the Reign of King Henry the Fourth, intituled, The Manner of the Election of Knights of Shires for a Parliament, was read: And so much of an Act, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of Kin£ Henry the Sixth, as relates to the Execution of Writs for the Election of Citizens and Burgesses to serve in Parliament, was also read; intituled, Who shall be Knights for the Parliament; the Manner of their Election; the Remedy where one is chosen, and another returned.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente. That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do file, among the Returns of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cornwall, the Counter-part of the Indenture, executed by the Sheriff of Cornwall, of the Return of Charles Trelatoney Esquire, to serve in this present Parliament, as a Burgess for the Borough of Lejkeard, in the said County, in the room of George Dennis Esquire, deceased, as the Return of the said Charles Trelawney to Parliament; it appearing to this House, That the Writ, and the principal Part of the aforesaid Indenture, were taken away in coming up to the Clerk of the Crown, by Highwaymen, who destroyed the same by burning the m.

And he filed the same at the Table accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Exportation enable his Majesty to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, of Com the Exportation of Corn, and other Provisions, out of Great Britain, Ireland, and his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America: And that Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr.Bromley reported from the Committee, appointed Add rest on Yesterday to draw up an Address to be presented to his the King’* Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address sPeech-accorrlingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows;

Most gracious Sovereign,

We your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, humbly beg Leave to congratulate your Majesty on your safe and happy Return to these your regal Dominions; and to return ourfincere Thanks for your Majesty’s most gracious Speech from the Throne.

Your faithful Commons, with Hearts full of Duty and Gratitude, cannot but acknowledge your Majesty’s great Regard for the Honour and Interest of these Kingdoms, in equipping such strong Squadrons of Men of War, and' embarking a Body of Land Forces, to be joined and strengthened by a considerable Number of your Majesty’s Subjects raised in America, in order to carry on the War in those Parts in the most vigorous and effectual manner.

We at the same time beg Leave to express our most dutiful Sense of your Majesty’s Firmness and Resolution, in not fullering yourself to he diverted or deterred, by any Incidents from pursuing the just and vigorous Measures in which your Majesty is engaged, for maintaining the Honour of the Crown, and the undoubted Rights of your People: And we assure your Majesty, that this House will itand by and support your Majesty against all Attempts made in Violation of the Faith of Treaties, or tending to prescribe or limit the Operations of the War against your Majesty’s declared Enemies.

Your dutiful and loyal Commons will, with the utmost Cheerfulness, grant your Majesty such effectual Supplies as shall be necessary,not only for carrying on the present War with Vigour, but also to put your Majesty in a Condition of being prepared for such Events as may arise from the new and uncertain State of Affairs in Europe.

Your Majesty’s Tenderness and Concern for the Ease and Welfare of your Subjects, in recommending to the Consideration of Parliament the great Distress that may arise from the Scarcity of Corn, calls upon us in the strongest manner, to lose no Time in taking the most proper and effectual Methods of avoiding those great and dangerous Mischiefs, which so apparently threaten us, and of not suffering our Enemies to be supplied with any Kind of Provisions from any of your Majesty’s Do-, minions.

We will also take such Measures as shall be thought most reasonable and practicable to enable your Majesty effectually to man your royal Fleets, for the Defence of the Kingdom, for the Security of the Trade and Navigation of your Majesty’s Subjects, and for carrying on the War with Vigour.

The said Address, being read aSecond time, was,upon the Questionput thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty’s Pleasure when he will be attended by this House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, The King’s take into Consideration his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to tm Speech tQ both Houses of Parliament. considered.

Ordered,

{Sail of tht Qoufe.

Time appointed for receiving Address.

The King* Speech considered.

Corn

exported.

Exportarsn of Corn*

The King’s Anftver to Addreis.

Supply.

14 Geo. II. 19" — ao* — 21°- — 24° Novembris.

537

Ordered, That the House be called over upon day the Fourth Day of December next.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Anns attending this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clo<5k.

yovis> 20° die Novembris; Anno 14' Georgii IId* Regis, 1740.

PRA YE£S.

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, That his Majesty, baring been waited upon, pursuant to the Order of Yesterday, humbly to know when he would be pleased to be attended by this House, had appointed this Day, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, at his Palace of St.James.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration his Majesty s moji gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament. '

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made. That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account or Accounts of the several Sorts and Quantities of Corn, which have been exported from Christmas 173410 Midsummer last; as also from what Places and Ports, and in what Quantities, they have been respectively exported; together with an Account of the Bounty that has been paid thereupon; distinguishing each Year.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 2i# die Novembris;

Anno 14* Georgii II" Regis, 1740. Praters.

MR. Attorney-General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable his Majesty to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, and other Provisions, out of Great Britain, and his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be printed;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House attended his Majesty Yesterday with their Address: To which his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer. Gentlemen,

I return you my Thanks for this dutiful and loyal Address, and for the Assurances you have given me of Supporting me in the Prosecution of this just and necessary War; and you may depend upon it, that the Supplies you shall grant me shall be employed in the most effectual manner, to vindicate and support the Honour and Interest of my Crown and Kingdoms.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made Yesterday, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Vol. 23.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunee> 240 die Novembris;

Anno 14* Georgii II" Regis, 1740.

Prayers,

THE House being informed. That some of the East India Commissioners of the Customs attended at the prohibited Door; Goods, fiic.

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of prohibited East, India Goods remaining in the Warehouses at St. Helens, in the Port of don, at Michaelmas 17391 with what has been brought in since, what exported, and what remained at Michaelmas 1740: And also.

An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in the Warehouses at Leaden-hall, in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1739; with what has been brought in since, what exported, and what remained at Michaelmas x 740: And also,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in the Custom-house Warehouse, in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1739; with what has been brought in since, what exported, and what remained at Michaelmas 1740: And also.

An Account of East India Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, that remained in the respective Warehouses in the Out-ports of England at Michaelmas 1739 > with what has been brought in since that time, what exported, and what remained at Michaelmas 1740:

And also,

An Account of Naval Stores imported from Raffia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1739 to Michaelmas 1740: And also,

An Account of Naval Stores imported into the Out-ports of England, from Michaelmas 1 739 to Michaelmas 1740.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Cpmqoittee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said.Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

6 X Resolved%

Supply.


Navy and Army Elli-mates, &c.

Exportation of Corn*

Answer to Address.

'Leave of AMenct.

538 24° — 25* Novembris. - A.-if jo.

IiefolvedtThaX this Hou fe will, upon Wednesdoy Morning1 next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That an Ellimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1741, with the Half-pay of the Officers of the Navy and Marines, he laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Ellimate of the Charge for Guards and Garrisons, and other Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1741, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Ellimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1741, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers, who are to be in Half-pay, for the Year 174J, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Ellimate be laid before this House, of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Clielfea Hospital, for the Year 1741.

Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half Years, ending at Lady-day and Michaelmas last, as well of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly tailed the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the South Sea Fund; as also of or lor the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the General Fund.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1740 hath been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s roost honourable Privy Council.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill to enable his Majesty to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, and other Provisions, out of Great Britain, Ireland, and his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in be read a

Second time Tomorrow Morning;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas $Mr* ,

tellers lor the *eas,£Mr

Tellers for the Noes f ^r‘ tellers lor the JNoes,£Mr:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

] 84. }&

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is > 25* die Novembris 5

Anno 140 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1740. Praters.

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper*. Officers, to lay before this House the several Estimates, Lift, and Accounts, therein mentioned, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions to the proper Officers to lay the same before this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Fydell have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The House being informed. That Sir Watkyn Wynn Baronet, a Member of this House, hath accepted the Office of Steward of his Majesty’s Lordships' and Manors of Bromfield and Yale, in the County of Denbigh, now come to him on the Death of his Father Sir Wm. Williams Baronet, by virtue of a Grant from Queen Anne; and that the said Sir Watkyn Williams Wynn desired the Opinion of the House, whether his Seat in this House is thereby vacated;

And the House being informed. That Mr. Thomas Gilbert attended at the Door with a Copy of the said Grant;

He was called in; and, at the Bar,produced the fame.

And then he withdrew.

And the Copy of the said Grant, dated the Sixth Day of April, in the Third Year of her said Majesty’s Reign, was read; whereby the Queen, reciting a Grant of the said Office by King Charles the Second to Henry Wynn Esquire, for his Life, and, after his Decease, to his Sqn John Wynn Esquire, for his Life; and also reciting the Death of the said Henry Wynn,granted the said Office

to Sir Wm. Williams Baronet, deceased, for his Life, to have t ie said Cilice immediately after the Decease of the said John Wynn; and also to his Son, now Sir Watkyn Williams Wynn, for his Life; for him the said Watkyn Williams Wynn to have, enjoy, and exercise, the said Office, immediately after the Decease of the said Sir Williams, with an annual Salary of £.20, and with all Profits to the said Office belonging.

And the 26th Section of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain, in the Protestant Line; whereby the Election of any Person, who, being chosen a Member of the House of Commons, shall accept of any Office of Profit from the Crown, is declared to be void, was also read.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Denbigh, in the room of Sir Watkyn Williams Wynn Baronet; who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Steward of his Majesty’s Lordfiiips and Manors of Bromfield and Yale, in the said County of Denbigh.

Resolved, Nemine contradicenle. That the Thanks of this House be given to Vice Admiral for the Ser-

vices he has done to his King and Country in the West Indies: And that Mr. Speaker do signify the same to him.

A Petition of Richard Partridge, Agent for the Province of Peiifilvania, and also Agent for the Province of Neio Jersey, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, That if the Bill now depending in the House, to enable his Majesty to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, and other Provisions, out of Great Britain, Ireland, and his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, should pass into a Law, the Petitioner apprehends it would greatly affect the said Provinces of Pensilvania, and New Jersey; and tend not only to the very great Prejudice of the Inhabitants thereof, but also to the British Sugar Colonies in the Indies-, that it would occasion a Stagnation of the Trade and Commerce of the said Two Provinces, incapacitate them from paying the Merchants of Great Britain for the British Manufactures annually imported there, and greatly distress our Sugar Colonies, as also several other of our Plantations, for want of Provisions: And therefore praying in behalf of the said Provinces, That they may be exempted in the said Bill, or that the House would be pleased to hear the Petitioner, by his Counsel, what he may have to offer touching the Premises, against so much of the said Bill as will affect the said Provinces of Renfilvania and New Jersey.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill

' Denbigh Writ

Vote of Thanks to Admiral Vernon.

Exportation of Corn.

*4 Geo. II. 25° — l6'

Exportation A Bill to enable his Majesty to prohibit, for a Tiitie of Corn, to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, and other Provisions, out of Great Britain, Ireland, and his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

The House was moved, That the Journal of the House, of the 17th Day of November, in the 8th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, in relation to the Order for Leave t.o bring in a Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and the Resolution of the House for presenting an Address to her Majesty, That the would be pleased to order an Embargo to be forthwith laid upon all Ships laden with Corn to be exported to foreign Parts, and her Majesty’s Answer to the said Address, reported to the House the 19th Day of the same Month, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petition of Richard Partridge, Agent for the Province of and also Agent

for the Province of New Jersey, this Day presented to the House, and ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit the Petitioner to be heard before the said Committee, by himself, if he thinks fit, upon the said Petition.

Embargo on Resolved, Nemiite c That an humble

Cora shipped Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be forexportn- graciously pjeased to order an Embargo to be forthwith laid upon all Ships laden or to be laden, with Corn, Grain, Starch, Rice, Beef, Pork, and other Provisions of Victuals to be exported to foreign Parts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

,' And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 26° Novembris

Anno 14* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1740.

Prayxrs.

Com r I ^HE House being informed, that Mr. Oxenford, «xported,&c. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

lie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

The Return of the Commissioners of the Customs to an Order of this House of the 20th Instant, together with an Account of the several Sorts and Quantities of Corn which have been exported from Christmas 1734 to Midsummer 1740; as also from what Places and Ports, and in what Quantities, they have been respectively exported; together with an Account of the Bounty payable thereupon: And also.

An Account of the Bounties paid on Corn exported from London, and the Out Ports, for Five Years and an Half, from Chrijinuis 1734 to Midsummer 1740; diliin-guishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Return was read.

Ordered, That the said Return and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Return and Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Vol. 23.

Novethbrisi 539

A Petition of the Merchants ofwhole Names E'cportatioa dre thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and #fCom. others residing in, and trading to* Ireland, -

land, the Provinces of New England, New York, the Jerseys, Pensylvania, Maryland, Virginia, North and South Carolina, and the British Sugar I/lands, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That by the Exports of Provisions from Ireland, and the Northern British Colonies in America, to the English Sugar Islands, a very great and valuable Trade is carried on, without which those Islands will not be able to subsist, their whole Dependence for a constant Supply of Victuals, being thereon: That since the Exportation of Rice from Carolina directly to Portugal hath been admitted, and the Merchants trading to and from have

fallen into the Method of clearing their Ships with Rice* designed for the Markets of Holland, Hamburgh, 8Cc. at an Out Port in the English Chanel, the Planters of that Grain have greatly increased their Plantations, and* by rendering it very cheap in Europe, have obtained the supplying the Dutch and German Markets therewith, which heretofore had it from the Mediterranean:

That the Benefits arising to Great Britain from these Branches of Trade are very great, particularly in employing a large Number of Shipping, whereby Sailors are increased, and the many Tradesmen dependent oil Navigation supported: And that if any Stop be put to that Course of Business, which is necessarily carried on by his Majesty’s Subjects, from one Colony or Plantation to another, for their mutual Support, and from America to Europe, in return for those Goods and Ma<-nufactures which we fend them from these Kingdoms, and which they cannot pay for, but by the Returns of what they produce, the Petitioners conceive it may tend to destroy the bell Branch of Trade we have now left; and that it will be, in its Consequences, ruinous to Navigation, and to many Thousands of his Majesty*'s Subjects: And therefore praying the House, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel,against the Bill to enable his Majesty to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, and other Provisions* out of Great Britain, Ireland, and his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petition- ers be heard, by themselves, upon their said Petition, if they think fit, before the said Committee.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor oF iti Cliawton

the County of Southampton, and of several Persons whose Inctoftire-. Names are thereunto subscribed, having Right of Common in and upon certain Common Fields, called South Field, North Field, Ridge Field, White Down Field,

Wivjlreet Field, Upper East Field, Lower East Field, and a Common, called Chawton Common, in the Parish of Chawton, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That by Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the Day of May 1740, it was agreed.

That the said Common Fields and Common ihou/d be divided and inclosed for the mutual Benefit and Advantage of all the Parties concerned therein; and, in ordet to avoid Difficulties and Disputes touching such Division and Inclosure, the Commoners have, by the said Articles, submitted the same to the Award, Arbitration, and final Determination, of certain Arbitrators thereby appointed, who have made their Award accordingly, and have apportioned and divided the said Common Fields and Common to and among the Commoners claiming Right therein; and have allotted and laid out Ways, Paths, and Passages, to and for such Apportionments and Di-vilions respectively; but that although carrying the said Award into Execution will be of great Advantage to all the Parties concerned, and an Improvement of their several Properties j yet, by reason of the Disabilities of several of them, the same cannot be effectually established to answer the good Intention of the Persons interested

thereinj

Cirencester

Roads.

Lilts of the Kavy.

540 26° Novembris. A* 1740.

therein, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming and establishing the said Award, and the several Allotments thereby made, for the Use of the respective Parties concerned in the Premises, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

Yorke, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Sout/nvell, Sir Mr. Bat.hurst, Mr. Packer, Mr. Fane, Mr. Thomas

Knight, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Thomas Hales, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Mr. Hales, Mr.

Hay, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Harley, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Archer, Mr. Walker, Mr. Cornwall, Sir James Grant, Sir Edzc. Dering, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Yates, Mr. Carew, Mr. Bramfon, Mr. Shuttleworlh, Mr. Price, Mr. Maister, Sir Henr. Northcotc, Mr. Mr.

Turner, Mr. Alderman Willimott, Mr. Rolle, Sir Geo. Cafwall; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Surrey, Sussex, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Cirencester Town’s End to St. John's Bridge, in the County of cester, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth. That several Tolls were granted, and made payable, by the said Act, for the Term therein mentioned, for repairing the said Roads; and the Trustees, finding the feme in a very ruinous Condition, were obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money in order to make the same passable; which Money, so borrowed, together with the Tolls collected by virtue of the said Act, has been duly laid out and applied, according to the Directions thereby given: That the Petitioners find the Money now due and owing on the Credit of the said Act cannot, during the subsistingTerm, be repaid, and all the said Roads effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, for the future, unless the Term so granted be enlarged, and the said Act made more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers by the said former Act granted, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Maijler, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Howe, Mr. King/ion, Mr. Carew, Mr. Cartwright, Sir John Hind Cotton, General Handafyde, Sir Henr. North-icote, Mr. Fortescue, Mr. Yorke, Sir James Grant, Lord

Barrington, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Robert

Long, Mr. Longueville, Sir Charles Mr. Archer,

Sir Edm. Bacon, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Trevor, Sir Roger

Bradjliaigh, Mr. Shuttleworlh, Mr. Compton, Mr. Peter

Bathurst, Mr. Ivory Talbot, Mr. Parker, Mr. Turner, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sheppard, Dr. Butler, Mr. Mr.

Vernon, Mr. Littleton, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Thomas Knight, Sir Carew, Mr.

worth, Mr. B ailer, Mr. Ord; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, and Berks:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fond for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay 'before this House, a List of his Majesty’s Royal Navy, as it stood on the ayth Day of September 1737; with an Account 16

of how many of such Ships are loft or decayed, and how many of them have been rebuilt, and when, and how many of them remain, and what Condition of Service they are now in.!

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before tie's House, a List of his Majesty’s Royal Navy, as it stood upon the 18th Day of this instant November; with their Complements of Men and Guns, and where they were at that time.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of what Number of Ships have been employed every Month, from the ift Day of June 1739 to the ill Day of November 1740, and in what Stations; with an Account of how many Men have been borne on board each Ship every Month.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of what ships have been employed in Europe, since the Declaration of War against Spain, as Cruizers for the Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom; together with the Stations of such Cruizers, the Times of their going out on such Service, with their Continuance thereon, as also the Succefs they have met with; distinguishingeach Ship taken or retaken from the Enemy, and by whom.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of what Ships have been employed sis Convoys in Europe, since the Declaration of War against Spain, for the Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, together with the Times of their going out on such Service, and of their Return.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of what Ships have been employed in America, since the Declaration of War against Spain, for the Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, or on other Services, the Times of their going out on such Service, and their Continuance thereon, as also the Success they have met with; distinguishing each Ship taken or retaken from the Enemy, and by whom.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give directions.That there may be laid before this House, Copies of all Applications which have been made to the Secretaries of State, and Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great , for

Cruizers to be appointed for the Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom; with an Account of what has been done thereon.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, an Account of all Orders that have been given since the 1 ft Day of February 1737, relating to the fitting out, and failing, of any of his Majesty’s Squadrons or Ships of War, with the Dates of such Orders, the Number and Rates of the Ships, the Place6 to which the same were thereby directed to fail, and the Times of their Sailing respectively.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House of all Orders given for railing and embarking Land Forces and Marines for the Expedition to America, under the Command of the Lord Cathcart-, and for forming Bodies

of Troops of his Majesty’s Subjects in America; and for taking up and fitting Transports for the said Service; with the Dates of the several Orders relating thereto.

Resolved, That an lmmble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, That there may be laid before this House, Copies of such Letters or Representations as have been sent to the Secretaries of State, Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Navy, relating to the State and Condition of the Stores, Provisions, Ammunition, or other Necessaries, for the Use of the said Expedition.

Resolved,

SM; cmpi<

Ships employed in Europe.

Convoy*

Ships employed m America.


Application for Cruizers,

Squadrons, fitted out

Expediuoa to America.

Ditto.

i4 Geo. II.

26a — 27* Novembris.

Supply of Ships, fee. to Admiral Vernon,

Stores, &c. sent to Admiral Vernon,

Stores, &c. for Sir J. Norris* Fleet.

Sick Seamen sent on Shore.

Removals, &c. to Command of Ships.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, That there may be laid before this House, Copies of all Letters, so far as they relate to a Supply of Ships, Men, Stores, Ammunition, Provisions, or other Necessaries, written to, or received from. Vice Admiral Vernon, by either of his Majesty’s Secretaries of State, the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, and the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of what Stores, Ammunition, Provisions, or other Necessaries, were sent with, or have been since sent to, or ordered or contracted for by, the proper Officers, or otherwise, to be sent to Vice Admiral Vernon, from any Part of his Majesty’s Dominions; dist the Times when the same were sent, and the Condition thereof, and of what standing; together with an Account of what Stores, Ammunition, Provisions, or other Necessaries, and the Condition thereof, were in his Majesty’s Storehouses at Jamaica on Vice Admiral Vernons Arrival there.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, That there may be laid before this House, Copies of all Letters that have been written, or Repre-fentations or Applications made, to the Secretaries of State, the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, the Commissioners of the Navy, the Commissioners of the Victualling, and to the Office of Ordnance, relating to Stores, Provisions, Ammunition, or other Necessaries, for the Use of the Fleet lately under the Command of the Right honourable Sir John Norris.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, Copies of the Monthly Returns of the Seamen sent from on hoard the several Ships of War to Hospitals on Shore, or to Hospital Ships in Harbour, since the 10th of July 1739; distinguishing which of such Men died, what Numbers were cured, and returned on board such Ships, and what deserted the Service.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Removals, Changes, and Preferments to the Command of his Majesty’s Ships of War, from the Time of Sir John Norris's taking his Command this present Year at Portsmouth, to the Time of Sir Chaloner Ogle’s failing from St. Helen's.

54*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr, Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That the$r'sted come to several Resolutions; which they had him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Supply of Shipn, &c. to Admiral Haddock.

Stores, kc» send to Admiral Haddock.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, That there may be laid before this House, Copies of all Letters, so far as they relate to a Supply of Ships, Men, Stores, Ammunition, Provisions, or other Necessaries, written to, or received from. Rear Admiral Haddock, by either of his Majesty’s Secretaries of State, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of what Stores, Ammunition, Provisions, or other Necessaries, Were sent with, or have been since sent to, Rear Admiral; distinguishing the

Times when the same were sent, and the Condition thereof; and of what standing.

Jovis, 270 die Novembris;

Anno 140 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1740. Prayers.

MR. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Forty thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service for the Year 1741, beginning from the ift Day of January 1740.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Forty tfrou-sand Men for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

The First Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, Nemine Contradicente.

The Second Resolution, being read aSecond time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider of Way and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply,

Ways avid Means.

Addreflesto Ordered, That the Addresses this Day resolved to be be presented presented to his Majesty, be presented to his Majesty, by Coonrilf Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s

moll honourable Privy Council.

The Order of the Day being read;

Supply. The House resolved itself into aCommittee of the whole

A Petition of the Fellowship of English Merchants for Trade with, Discovery of new Trades, commonly called the Russia Persia thn»r Company, was presented to the House, and read, set- Raffia-ting forth. That the opening a Trade to and from Persia through Rujfia will be attended with many advantageous Consequences to this Kingdom, as it will coniift principally, if not wholly, in the Exportation of our Woollen Goods, and Importation of raw Silk; for bath the Land and Water Carriage through Rujfia isfo very cheap, that we can fend the Manufactures made of our own Produce to the Persian Markets, upon much better Terms, and bring home in return, their Silk, the first Materials of another great and beneficial Manufactory, much cheaper than in any other Chanel of Trade: That Persian Silk is risen very considerably since the Commencement of the War with Spain;and, if it continues, may Hill rife; a heavy Burden upon that Manufactory; and the Price mult always, upon any Rupture either with France or Spain, greatly advance; which can only be remedied by opening this Trade, and* thereby having the Choice of Two Ways to supply this Kingdom with that Commodity: That, by a Clause in the Act, made, in the«2th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for the

whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Encouraging andlncreafing of Shipping and Navigation, Majesty. the Petitioners apprehend they are restrained front

Vol. 23. 6Y importing

54*

37°"28* Novembris. A. 1740.

importing raw Silk, and other the Commodities of the Growth and Produce of Persia, through RuJJta; Whereby not only the Petitioners, but others his Majesty’s Subjects, who may be willing to become Adventurers in this beneficial Branch of Trade, are prevented from Carrying on the fame: For, by an Act, made in the 10th and nth Years of the Reign of King William the Hid. to enlarge the Trade to Russia, any Suhjeft of this Realm hath a Right, for the Sum of Five Pounds only, to be made free of the said Fellowship, and by such Freedom will be entitled to the same Liberties and Privileges as the present Members thereof do now enjoy: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to allow ra\V Silk, and other the Commodities of the Growth and Produce of the Empire of Persia, to be imported from Russia.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, That Copies of all Papers relating to the Opening of a Trade through Russia to Persia, which are with the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, together with a Copy of their Report thereupon, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

--i--- d0 - + - — --- - -; -»-

Veneris, 2 8° die Novembris\

Anno 140 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

Oxford /Q RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War-

Writ. rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new

Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Oxford, in the room of James Herbert Esquire, deceased.

Answers Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their to Addrefle*. Address of Tuesday last, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to order an Embargo to be forthwith laid upon all Ships laden, or to be laden, with Corn, Grain, Starch, Rice, Beef, Pork, and other Provisions of Victuals, to be exported to foreign Parts, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had been pleased, Yesterday m Council, to give Orders accordingly.

Mr. Comptroller also reported to the House, That their several Addresses of Wednesday last, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that Copies of the Letters, Applications, and Representations, and the Account of Orders therein mentioned, might be said before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Duties on Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this gljt. House, an Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duties on Salt, the Charges of Management, Drawbacks, and Discounts,from Lady-day 1732 to Michaelmas 1740; distinguishing each Year, and how the net Produce has been annually applied.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, of the gross and net Produce of the Duties on Salt, the Charges of Management, Drawbacks, and Discounts, from Lady-day 1732 to Michaelmas 1740; distinguishing each Year, and how the net Produce has been annually applied.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of what Money has been received into the Exchequer in England from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Christmas, 1734 to Michaelmas 1740; distinguishing eaeh Head, ana each Year.

A Petition of John De Pejlers Esquire was presented De Pefters to the House, and read; praying, That Leave may be Nat. given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Baptist Leveson Goxver and Mr. Iiume Campbell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Regulating regulating Tryals at Nife prius; and for the more effectual summoning of specinl Juries: And that Mr. riU! Carew and Mr. Legh Master do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee to Chawton whohl the Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Chaw- Inclosure ton, in the County of Southampton, and of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having Right of Common in and upon certain Common Fields, called South Field, North Field, Ridge Field, White Down Field, Win//reef Field, Upper End , Lower East Field, and a Common called Chawton Common, in the Parish of Cliazvton, in the said County, was referred,

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The Agent for the Petitioners produced Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the 22d Day of May 1740; whereby all the Parties who executed the fame, consent.

That the said Common Fields and Common should, for their mutual Benefit and Advantage, be divided and inclosed; and, in order to avoid Difficulties and Disputes that might arise touching such Division and Inclosure,the Commoners did by the said Articles submit themselves to the Award, Arbitration, Order, final Determination, and Judgment, of John Barnard, of Neiv A Ire ford, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, and Six other Persons

named in the said Articles, or any Five of them, who were to make and publish their Award, concerning the Premises, in Writing, under their Hands and Seals, on or before the Feast of St.Michael the Archangel coming after the Date thereof: And the Parties thereby agreed,

That they would perform and keep the said Submiflron j and that, in case an Award should be made, in purfa-ance of the said Agreement, That then they, or any One or more of them, should and might, according to the usual Courie for obtaining Acts of Parliament, apply to Parliament for an Act for establishing and confirming such Award.

Then the Petitioners Agent produced the Award, under the Hands and Seals of the said John Barnard, and Five other Persons nominated and appointed Arbitrators in and by the said Articles of Agreement; which is dated the 27th Day of September last; and tbpreby it appears. That the said Arbitrators have apportioned and divided the said Common Fields and Common to and amongst the Commoners claiming Right therein; and have allotted and laid out Highways, Ways, Paths, and Passages, to and from such Apportionments and Divisions respectively.

Then the Petitioners called

Mr. Edward Randall:Who said. That all the Parties

concerned in the said Common Fields and Common have consented to take their respective Allotments, pursuant to the said Award; except Dr. Harris,who is entitled to about -rath of the said Common Fields and Common.

And the said Edward Randall further said. That Dr.

Harris had Notice of the said Articles of Agreement,

24 when


28* Novmbris — i*

Supply*.

Ways and Means.

Exportation of Corn.

L

14 Geo. II.

when they were prepared and agreed on; and that he did order his Tenant to nominate the before-named John. Barnard for his Referee; and his Name was accordingly first inserted in the said Articles; and is the First Person who has iigned and sealed the Award; and was always present at the time the said Common Fields and Common were allotted and divided; and that the said Tenant was present with the Arbitrators when Dr. s Land was

set out, and made choice thereof, thinking the same would be most convenient for Dr. Harris.

And the said Edxoard Randall further said, That he delivered Dr. Harris a Copy of the Award; and, on Monday last, acquainted him. That Application was intended to be made to Parliament; and, at the same time, a deed him, If he had not been acquainted by a Letter from the Lord of the Manor to the famePurpose ? Which he acknowledged he had received: And the same Witness said also. That he alked the said Dr. , What

Objection he had against an Application’s being made for an A6i of Parliament to confirm the Award ? To which he answered, That he did not know who was to be at the Expence.

It appeared to the Committee, That the carrying the said Award into Execution will be of great-Advantage to all the Parties Concerned, and an Improvement of their several Properties; but the same cannot be effectually established, to answer the Intention of the Persons interested therein, without the Aid of Parliaments

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for confirming and efiablifiiing Articles of Agreement, and an Award, for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, and a Common called Common, in the

Parish of Chawton, in the County of Southampton: And

that Sir Charles Mordauntand Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itl’elf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-, ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

M r. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolutioa; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raisiDg the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunee, i° die Decembris;

Anno 14* Georgii IF* Regis, 1740.

Pit AYERS.

A PETITION of Francis Wilks Esquire, Agent for his Majesty’s Colony of Connecticut in America, fitting forth, That by the Bill, now depending in the House, to enable his Majesty to prohibit, for a time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, and other Proven. 93.

543

visions, out of Great Britain, Ireland, and his Majesty’s

Colonies and Plantations in America, should the same pass into a Law, as it now Hands, the Petitioner apprehends the said Colony of Connecticut would be very greatly affected; and representing to the House, That the principal Branch of Trade upon which the Inhabitants of the said Colony chiefly depend for their Subsistence and Support, confifis in supplying his Majesty’s Province of the Massachusets Bay, and the British Sugar

Islands, and other the British Colonies in America, with Corn and other Provisions for their Suftentation; by the Returns of which they are enabled to purchase yearly from this Kingdom greatQuantity of the British Woollen

and other Manufactures; so that, unless the:Colony of Connecticut be excepted out of the said Bill, the said Colony will be at once deprived of this valuable and principal Branch of their Commerce, and be thereby rendered incapable of defraying the necessary Expences of the Government there, and of purchasing not only the Conveniencies, but even the Necessaries of Life; the Trade carried on between this Colony and the Bay

and British Sugar Islands, so necessary for the mutual

Support of each other, be greatly interrupted; the Manu-factures of Great Britain, so far as the Demands of this Colony extend,lieunpurchased; the numerous Shipping concerned in the Trade of this Colony, laid up for want of Employment; and the MassachufetsBay, and British Sugar Islands, for want of that Supply of Provisions, which they used constantly to receive from and other his Majesty’s Dominions, and without which they cannot fubfilt, be reduced to a most distressed stary-ing Condition -, and therefore, and as this Bill so materially affects the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom, with her Plantations in general, &nd the Trade and Commerce of the British Plantations one with another; and as the Massachusets Bay, and the British Sugar Siettle-ments, and other British Colonies in America cannot fab-lift, if Connecticut, and the rest of his Majesty’s Dominions, are prohibited from supplying them with provisions; and as the Colony of Connecticut cannot^ subsist but by the Returns arising from this Commerce; fend as the supplying one Part of his Majesty’s Dominions with Provisions from other Parts thereof, under proper Regulations and Restrictions, to guard against the same being carried to foreign Parts, cannot, as the Petitioner conceives, be attended with any of the Mischiefs intended to be prevented by the Bill; praying the House, That the Colony neClicut may not be included in the said Bill; but that the said Colony may notwithstandingcontinaeto export Com, and other Provisions of Victuals, as uftial, into the said Province of the Massachusets Bay, the British Sugar Islands, and other British Colonies in on giving

such Security as the House shall think proper for the carrying and landing the same in the said Province of the Massachusets Bay, and that the same shall not be reexported thence; And also,

A Petition of Peregrine Fury, Agent for his Majesty’s ^Exportation Province of South Carolina; setting forth. That die said, of Com.

Province of South Carolina has been greatly reduced and weakened by aSeries of Misfortunes, which have attended it for feme Years past, whereby they are encumbered with a very great Debt; and the Number of their Inhabitants is so greatly decreased, that the Planters have been fcarcevable to keep in subjection their; own Slaves, who have been.encouraged, and are too much disposed, to rebel-; and this Province is likewise, during this Time of War, greatly exposed to very numerous and powerful Enemies, who border upon their Settlements; that they have lately put themselves to a very considerable Charge, for the Defence of the Country against the Spaniards, and likewise for carrying on the late Siege against the Fort St. Augu/line; that Rice is the chief Produce this Province has to return in Payment for the British Manufactures they yearly take from hence; so that, should the said Bill pals into a Law, as it now stands, and Rice should be included in the Prohibition thereby intended, the Province of South Carolina mull be inevitably ruined,


544

i° Decembris. A. 1740.

they having no possible Means of subsisting and supporting themselves, and defraying the necessary Expences of the Government there, but by the Returns ariifing from the Exportation of their Rice; that there is annually employed in the Rice Trade Two hundred Sail of Shipping, all which will be entirely interrupted thou Id the Prohibition extend to this Commodity; and therefore, and as the prohibiting the Exportation of Rice, which essentially differs from all other Kinds of Grain, will be attended with great Lofsand Inconveniences, both to the Planters of Carolina, and the Merchants trading thither,

and will occasion a total Stagnation of their Trade and Commerce, from whence the Petitioner apprehends very fatal Consequences may ensue to the said Province j and as in their present distressed Condition, should such a Restraint be laid upon their Trade, they mutt soon become destitute of the Means not only of yielding any Assistance against the common Enemy, but also of providing for their own Security and Defence; praying the House to take the Premises into their serious Consideration, and that Rice, the Produce of South , may

be excepted out of the said Bill, so as not to be comprehended within the Prohibition thereby intended; And also,

A Petition of the Matter, Wardens, Afliflnnts, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal; letting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend Rice to be included in the said Bill; the preventing the Exportation of which may be of the ntmost ill Consequence to the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, definitive to the Province of Carolina, where a large Quantity is annually produced, which is mostly consumed in Holland, Germany, and Portugal, and but a small Part used in this Kingdom, by whose Manufactures the Rice is chiefly purchased, and for which Carolina hath little of other Produce to pay; and that, should the Exportation of Rice be prevented, the Dutch, Germans, and Portuguese, will either be supplied from the Levant and Mediterranean, or take some other Methods to support themselves; whereby this valuable Branch of Trade will be lott to the Nation; and therefore praying, That Rice may be particularly exempted out of the said Bill;

Were severally presented to the House, and read.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be

referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the

whole House to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Agents for his Majesty’s Sugar Islands in America, and of the subscribing Planters of the said Islands, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Plauters of the said Islands, was presented to the House, and read j setting forth. That the Petitioners are by no Means desirous of opposing the said Bill in general, which they humblyapprehend, under the presentCircumstances of Affairs, to be absolutely necessary, so far as the same tends to prevent the Supplying of the Enemies of the Publick with Provisions in general, and to prevent a Scarcity of Corn at home; but that, as the Petitioners conceive, should the same pass into a Law, as it now stands, without some Exemption to prevent the Prohibition extending to Corn, and other ProvisionsofViCtuals, exported for the Use of his Majesty’s said Sugar Islands, they might be reduced to the greatest Distress for want of -Provisions of Victuals of all Kinds, being almost w holly supplied therewith from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Northern Colonies in America j so that, should the Prohibition extend to Provisions of Victuals to be carried to these Islands, they might be so very greatly and severely affected by it as to be reduced to absolute Famine; they not being able to subsist for a Month together without an Importation of Provisions from some other of his Majesty’s Dominions: And therefore, and as the supplying his Majesty’s own Dominions w'ith Provisions, under proper Regulations and Re-strictions, to prevent their being carried to those who are intended to be affected by this Prohibition, cannot pofli-

bly, as the Petitioners conceive, be liable to any of the Inconveniencies intended to be prevented and remedied by the said Bill, praying, That the said Prohibition may not extend to prevent the Importation of Corn and other Provisions into his Majesty’s said Sugar Islands; but that the same may, notwithstanding the Prohibition laid by the said Bill, be continued to ^e imported as usual into the said Sugar Islands, from Great Britain and Ireland, and the British Northern Colonies in America, under such Security and Regulations as the House shall think proper to be given and entered into on the Exportation thereof, for the carrying and landing the same in the said Sugar Islands, and that the same shall not be re-exported thence:

And that this House will be pleased to hear the Petitioners in what they have to offer in support of their Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to

whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, upon their said Petition, if they think fit, before the said Committee.

A Petition of Francis Wilks Esquire, Agent for his Exportation Majesty’s Province of the Massachusets Bay in of Corn-

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That, should the said Bill be patted into a Law, as it now stands, the Petitioner apprehends the said Province of the Massachusets Bay would be very greatly affected

thereby; and that the said Province of the MassachuJets Bay doth not raise near the Quantity of Corn and other Provisions they expend; but are yearly supplied with great Quantities thereof from several other of the British Northern Colonies in America; so that, should the said Bill pass into a Law, without a proper Exception with regard to t his Province, the Inhabitants thereof mutt be greatly distressed for want of Provisions, and the Trade and Commerce of the said Pro vince be greatly prej ud iced:

And therefore, and as the supplying his Majesty’s own Dominionscannot possibly be liable to any of the Inconveniencies intended' to be prevented and remedied by the said Bill, praying the House, That the said Prohibition may not extend to prevent the Importation of Provisions into his Majesty’s said Province of the Massachusets Bay; but that the same may, notwithstanding the said Bill, be continued to be imported as usual into the said Province, from the other British Northern Colonies, on giving such Security as the House shall think proper, for the carrying and landing the same iD the said Province of the Massachusets Bay, and that the same shall not be re-exported thence.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Chnsideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from w anj the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Means, ferred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound be raised, in the Yean 74 i,upon Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,

Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Francis Fane, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Sundon, Mr. Wilmington, Mr.

Earle, Mr. Treby, Mr, Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor

General,

14 Geo. II. i° — 2°De 545

General, Mr. Scrope, and Mr. Stephen Fox, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this Hodfe will upon Wednesday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisj 2° die Decemhris;

Anno i4° Georgii IId* Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

Trade with "\/CR* Comptroller presented to the House, pursuant Persia thiV i-VJL to their Addrefe to his Majesty,

Baffia. Copy of a Paper relating to the Opening of a Trade through Rujfia to Persia, marked A: And also,

Copy of another Paper relating to the fame Affair, tnai-ked B: And also,

Copy of the Report of the Board of Trade upon the Papers above-mentioned, dated 11 th of November 1740: Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, tobeperufed by the Members of the I louse.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Okawton Sir Charles Mnrdaunt presented to the House, accord* Inclosui-e. ing to Order, a Bill for confirmingand establishing Articles of Agreement, and an Award, for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, and a Common called Cluiwton Common, in the Parish of Chawion, in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Supply Bill 5 Mr. Francis Fane presented to the House, according Land Tax. to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great for the Service

of the year 1741: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Expiring Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire Laws. what Laws are expired, or near expiring: And to report their Opinion to the House which of them are fit to be revived or continued.

And a Committee was appointed Mr. Fane, Mr. Howe, Mr. Winning ton. Lord Sidn. Beauclerk, Mr. Pelham, Mr. , Mr. Laroche, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. GLord Quarendon, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Treby, Mr. Tracey, Mr. , Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. BMr. Sandys, M Sir John llujhout, Mr. Price, Sir Edmund Mr.

Knight, Mr. Garth, Mr Mr. Speke, Mr. Bratn-

fion, Mr. Fox, Mr. Carew, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Clutter buck, Mr. OJbaldeJion, Mr. Yorke, Mr.

Mr. Archer, Mr. L/iclavood, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr.

worth, Mr. Rutherford, Mr Mr. Dawkins, Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Thompson, Sir Miles Mr. Hay,

Lord Chetxvynd, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Compton, Sir Wm.Joliffc, Mr. Digby; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Debtors A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in Ouse Bridge Petition. Gaol, in the City of York, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief. '

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

V«l. 23.

Mr. Baptist Leveson Gower presented to the House, Peftres’ Nat.

according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing de Pejircs Esquire: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Complaint being made to the House, That a printed Privilege. Paper, intituled, " Confulerations upon the Embargo on " Provision of Victual," was Yeftyrday delivered to the Members of this House, at the Door thereof; and that Part of the Matter contained in the said printed Pajper was also Yesterday published in a Daily Paper, printed by /. Meres in the Old Baity, near intituled,

" The Daily Polt,"and dated Monday, December 1,1740;

The said printed Papers were brought up to thcTable.

And the said printed Paper, intituled, " Considera-K tions upon the Embargo on Provision of ViClual," was . read:

And so much of the said printed Paper, intituled

" The Daily Poll," as contained the Matter complained of,.was read

And an Article of News in the said printed Paper intituled, " The Daily Pod," containing a Copy of his Majesty’s late Order in Council, for laying an Embargo upon all Ships in the Ports of Great Britain, laden, or to be laden, with Corn, Grain, Starch, Rice, Beef, Pork, or any other Provisions of Victuals to be exported to foreign Parts, was also read.

Then One of the Door-keepers, being called in, acquainted the House, That the said printed Paper, Yesterday delivered by him to the Members, was delivered to him by the other Door-keeper.

Who, being also called in, acquainted the I Ioufe, That he received the same from a Person now above Stairs.

That Person was called into the House; and, at the Bar, being examined, acquainted the House, That his Name was Wm. Cooley, and confessed. That lie was the

Author and Publisher of the said Paper, intituled, " Considerations upon the Embargo on Provision of Victual a written Copy of which, he said, he carried to *

Hughes, Printer in Holborn, who printed the fame; and that lie delivered One of the printed Copies thereof to a Person, whom he thought to be Clerk to the Press, belonging to the said/. Meres, in order to have the same printed in the said Daily Poll.

And then he withdrew.

Resolved, That a printed Paper, intituled, Con-* fiderations upon the Embargo on Provision of Virtual,*

Yesterday delivered to the Members of this House, at the Door thereof; and a printed Paper, intituled, £* The Daily Poll," and dated Monday, 1 December »740, printed by /. Meres in the Old Baily near Ludgate, contain a malicious and scandalous Libel,.highly and most injuriously reflecting upon a just and wife Act of his Majesty’s Government, and the Proceedings of both Houses of Parliament, and tending to create Jealousies and Discontent in the Minds of his Majesty’s Subjects.

Ordered, That Win. Cooley, having confessed himself to be the Author and Publisher of the said malicious and scandalous Libel, be, for his said Offence, committed Prisoner to his Majesty’s Gaol of And that

Mr.Speaker do ifi'ue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That /. Meres, Printer of the said Daily Paper, intituled, " The Daily Post," and dated Monday 1 December 1740; in which is contained the said malicious and scandalous Libel; do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Hughes, Printer in Holborn, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Clerk to the Press, belonging to the said J. Meres, mentioned by the said Wm. Cooley in his Examination, do attend thisHouseTo-morrow Morning*

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will', Tomorrow Morning, Exportation resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon of Corn, the Bill to enable his Majesty to prohibit, for a Time to

6 Z be


546

2° — 30 Decembris.

A. 1740.

be limited, the Exportation of Corn, and other Provisions, out of Great Britain, Irelaand his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 3* die Decembris;

Anno 140 Georgii II^ Regis, 1740.

Pratkrs.

A Person S^RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants

committed to to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and be brought a]f0 to the Keeper of his Majesty’s Gaol of Nezogate^ to up' bring Wm. Cooley to the Bar of this House immediately.

Supply Bill 5 A Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land-

Lami Tax. Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1741, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved.That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Seamen Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this entered, &c. House, an Account of the Number of Seamen, able and ordinary, which have entered, and been impressed, into his Majesty’s Service, since the 10th July 1739; with the Number that have been discharged, and by whom they have been discharged, and for what Reasons; as Jikewife a List of the Seamen made run, with their , Names, and the Times when they were severally made

run in the Books of the Pay Office of the Navy.

Return of A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Stores, See. That the proper Officer do lay before this Tjoufe, an Account of the Quantities of Stores from the monthly Returns, in the several Species, as it flood on the 25th Day of December 1737, with the Value thereof; and an Account what have been contracted for since that time, distinguishing each Year;

It passed in the Negative.

Mrileff. /.Meres,attendi 11 g according to Order, was called in;

and the printed Paper brought up Yesterday to the Table, intituled, " The Daily Poll," dated Monday, December, 174.0, printed by J. Meres, in the Old Rally near Ludgate, being shewn to him at the Bar; and it being proposed, that he should be asked. Whether he printed that Paper;

He was ordered to withdraw.

And the House being moved, That the Resolution of this House of Yesterday, That the said printed Paper contained a malicious and scandalous Libel, highly and most injuriously reflecting upon ajuft and wife Act of his Majesty’s Government, and the Proceedings of both Houses of Parliament, and tending to create Jealousies and Discontent in the Minds of his Majesty’s Subjects, might be read;

The said Resolution was read accordingly.

And the Question being put, That John Meres be again called in, and asked, Whether he be the Person who printed the Paper shewn him Today at the Bar of this House, and which is intituled, " The Daily Post," dated Monday, Decemberi,.i 740, and therein said to be printed by J. Meres in the Old Baily, near Ludgate; which Paper this House did Yesterday resolve to contain a ma-Jiciousand scandalous Libel, highly andmost injuriously reflecting upon ajuft and wife Act of his Majesty’s Government, and the Proceedings of both Honfes of Parliament, and tending to create Jealousies and Discontent in the Minds of his Majesty’s Subjects;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth

for > «0.

Tellers for the Noes *Sir John Barnard, tellers for the I\oes,j Mf:

] 163.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said John Meres was again called in; and that Question being asked, he confessed, That he printed the said Paper; and that so much thereof as contains the Matter complained of was printed from a printed Paper, left for him with one of his Servants; a written Copy of which was on Thurjden/ last brought to him by Wm. Cooley, in order to be printed by the next Morning; but not then printed, for want of Time.

And then he again withdrew.

He was again called in; and being again asked, What he had to lay in his J unification or Excuse for printing the said Paper; he said, That as he had before printed several other things, which he had received from the same Person, which had not given Offence, he printed that; which he should not have printed if he had thought it would have given Offence to this House; and that he did not print afterwards in the Daily Post the rest of the said Paper, so left with one of his Servants; having heard, that it had given Offence to this House.

Aud then he again withdrew.

Ordered, That John Meres, having confessed, That be is the Person who printed the Paper, intituled, " The " Daily Post," dated Monday, Decembers, 1740; and which Paper this House did Yesterday resolve to contain a malicious and scandalous Libel, highly and most injuriously reflecting upon a just and wife Act of his Majesty’s Government, and the Proceedings of bothHouses of Parliament, and tending to create Jealousies and Discontent in the Minds of his Majesty’s Subjects, be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That an humble Address be prefeuted to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Directions to his Attorney General to prosecute at Law the said John Meres, for having printed the Paper, intituled, " The Daily Post." dated Monday, December j, 1740; which Paper this House hath resolved to contain a malicious and scandalous Libel, highly and most injuriously reflecting upon ajuft and wife Act of his Majesty’s Government, and the Proceedings of both Houses of Parliament, and tending to create Jealousies and Discontent in the Minds of his Majesty’s Subjects,

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas' JJr. J ,88

*t Mr. Henry Fox: j

Tpll^rs for the Noes ^r* a c

leilcrstor the^oes, Mr Qeo Fqx . yr45-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

* Hughes, Printer in Holbourn, attending according to Order, he was called in, and the Paper brought up Yesterday to the Table, intituled, " Considerations upon the Embargo on Provision of Victual," being the wn to him at the Bar, be confessed. That he did print the same by the Direction of Wm. Cooley, who brought to him a written Copy thereof on last at Night, to

be printed by the next Morning, in order to be delivered to the Members of this House, as he'was informed by the said Wm. Cooley, for whom he did, about Two Years ago, print a same in Parliament.

And in his farther Excuse, he said. That he read the Title of the said Paper, and no more; and that, having been Ten Years in Business, he had never given Offence before, and was sorry for what had now happened.

And then he withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That John Hughes, having confessed. That he is the Person who printed the Paper, intituled, " Coufiderations " upon the Embargo on Provision of Victualwhich Paper this ITonfe did Yesterday resolve to contain a

malicious

G.

fapply.

Exportation oi* Cora.

Debtors

Petition*

Privilege*

Call of the House,

14 Geo. II. 3 — 40 Decembris.

547

malicious and scandalous Libel, highly and moftinjuriouf-ly reflecting upon a just and wife Act of his Majesty’s Government, and the Proceedings of both Houses of Parliament, and tending to create Jealousies and Dif-content in the Minds of his Majesty’s Subjects, be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House;

The Iloui'e divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas. } .48.

Tellers for the Noes, Gere: }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

Ordered, That IVm. CooLy, who was this Day ordered by this House to be brought to the Bar thereof, be remanded to his jesty’s Gaol of Newgale: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

BeJ'olved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Bejblved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable his Majesty to prohibit, for a Time to be limite d, the Exportation of Corn, and other Provisions, out of Great BriIreland, and his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, N ine of the Clock.

Jovis, 40 die Decembris;

Anno 14* Georgii Ildi Regis, 1740. Prayers.

APE TIT ION of the Prisoners in the Sheriff of Cornwall's V'ard, or Prison of in the Be-

half of themselves, and many Thousands confined for Debt in the several Prisons in this Kingdom; and also, A Petition of the Prisoners in his Majesty’s Prison of the Fleet, in behalf of themselves, and many Thoulands

confined for Debt in the several Prisons of this Kingdom; Mere severally presented to the House, and read;

complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief. And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of John Hughes, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was presented to the House, and read; Exprelfing las Sorrow for the Offence, whereby he has justly incurred the Displeasure of this House; and alluring the House, that he will take all possible Care ne\ er to offend for the future; and therefore praying the House to take his same into Consideration; and that he may be discharged from his Confinement.

Ordered, That John Hughes be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged out of Custody.

The House was, according to Order, called over; and the Names of such Members, as made Default to appear, were taken down.

And the Names of several of the Defaulters being called over, some of them appeared, and the rest were excused; some on account of Illnels, or extraordinary

Avocations; and some as being in Parts beyond the Seas, or inTown, or on the Road to Town.

The Name of Sir Nathanael Curzon being called over* and no Excuse being offered for him;

And the Question being put, That Sir Nathanael Curzon, Baronet, be exculed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Ta.ler.for,he Yea, J*

Te.lerSf,r,heNoe,j^1^ J,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Names of others of the Defaulters being called over, several of them appeared, and the rest were excused; some on account of their own lllness, or the Illness of their near Relations; and some, as being in Parts beyond the Seas, or in Town, or on the Road to Town.

The Name of Thomas Stra Homer Esquire, being called over; and he not being excused;

And the Question being put. That Thomas ways Horner Esquire be excused;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Thomas Strangways Homer Esquire be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for neglecting to attend his Service iu Parliament.

And the Names of the rest of the Defaulters being called over, several of them appeared, and the rest were excused; some, on account of their own Illness, or the lllness of their near Relations, or other extraordinary Avocations; and some, as being in Parts beyond the Seas, or in Town, or on the Road to Town.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House be called over upon this Day Fortnight;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Mr. Chetioynd,

J Mr. Smith:

Tellers for the Noes $ Mr‘ Williams,

1 ellers for the N oes, J M r Earle

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Monday the 19th Day of January next.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Tellers for the Yeas,-

81.

*33-

The other Order of the Day being read;

Befolred, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Exportation resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Com. upon the Bill to enable- his Majesty to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Com, and other Provisions, out of Great Britain, Ireland, and his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America.

Mr. Secretaiy at War presented to the House, in Army-Obedience to his Majesty’s Command, and pursuant to Estimate*. the Address of this House to his Majesty;

Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, including the Land Forces and Marines in Lord Cat heart's Expedition, for the Year 1741: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Seven Regiments of Foot, amounting to Five thousand Seven hundred and Five Men, to be raised for the Service of the Year 1741:

And also,

Estimate of the Chargeoffour Regiments of Marines, amounting to Four thousand Six hundred and Twenty Men, to be raised for the Service of the Year 1741.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as follow; viz.

VcL. 23.

ESTIMATE

Li.'.

v

54^ 4* Dece. A. 174a.

ESTI MAT K of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesiv’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, including the Land Forces and Marines in Ix>rd s Expedition, for the Year 1741.

Horse-----<

"Tird Troop of Guards Second Ditto -Third Ditto -Fourth Ditto -FirltTroop of Grenadier Guards Second Ditto -Royal Regiment of Guards Lord Pembroke's Regiment Duke of Montague’s General Wade's -

Dragoon*

Royal Regiment Major General Lieutenant General Lord Cadogan’s Lieutenant General Kerrs Sir Robert Rich's -Lieutenant General ChurchilCs -.Lord Mark Kerr's -

Fopt -

Invalids - -

First Regiment of Guard* -Second Ditto -Third Ditto -

Major Gen. Howars Regiment Lieutenant General -

Brigadier Cornwallis’s General Whethanis Colonel Pultenei/s Major General Major General /

Colonel Piers's -Brigadier Guise's -Colonel Onslow's -Colonel Howard’s -Colonel Campbell’s Brigadier Wentworth's Colonel Blakeneifs Colonel Handafyd's

The late Colonei Defcury’s Lord James Cavetid

Colonel Bland's Lord Crauford’s

f Lieutenant Gen. Fielding's Bog'll 30 Independent Companies

General and \ General and Staff Officers

cf ff < Garrisons, with Fire and Candle

Staff Officers -

£ Contingencies upon Account -

Total of Land Forces - -

Marines -

Colonel Wolfe's Regiment Colonel Robinson's -Colonel Lowther's -Colonel WynyarcTs -

Colonel Douglass’s -Colonel Moreton's -

.Contingencies -Total of Land Forces on the other Side Total -

Whitehall, December4th, 1740.

NUMBER S-

1S1 181 181 181

176

177

427

4"9

*74

*74

435

435

435

435

435

435

435

435

2,3*3

1.486

1.486 815 815 815

815

815

8*5

815

815

815

815

815

815

815

815

8x5

8*5

815

815

815

5i5

1,807

*»*55

*>*55

i>*55

*,*55

i,i55

*»155

1,461

3,480

20,770

2,322

29,033

6,930

*9»°33

35,963

Pay of the Troop* and Regiments, ior 365 Days. J i

s. d. 1

16,546 13 1 4 j

16,546 *3 4

16,546 13 4

16,540 *3 4

10,743 3 4

10,870 18 4

30,982 8 4

30,161 3 4

20,433 18 4

*0,4.33 18 4

19,6.30 18 4

19,630 18 4

19,630 18 4

*9,6.30 18 4

19,630 18 4

19,630 18 4

19,630 18 4

*9,630 18 4

55,835 *7 G

36,220 3 4

36,274 18 4

*5,217 9 2

*5,2*7 9 2

15,217 9 2

15,217 9 2

*5,217 9 0

15.217 9 2

15,217 9 2

15,217 9 2

15,217 9 2

15,217 9 2

15,217 9 a

*5,217 9 2

*5,217 9 2,

*5,217 9 2

*5,2*7 9

*5,2*7 9 2

*6,2*7 9 2 I

*5,*»7 9 2 j

*5>*99 4 2 1

9,906 14 2.

30,126 3 9

22,880 *9 2

35,97* 7 I

20,000 — —

- -

20,175 7 6

*0,175 7 6

*0,175 7 6

20,175 7 6

20,175 7 6;

20,175 7 6

121,052 5 —

3,000 ——

- i L £-\

TO T A L.

d.

189,812 3 4

157,047 6 3

.4*7,444 8 4

40,032 17 11

78,852 6 3

883,189

124,05 a 5 — , 883,189 2 6

Will.Yonge.

£ 1,007,241 7

E S*T I M A T E

Prifilege.

Debtors

Petition.

Answer to Acldreia.

Treaty with the King of S'vedta.


14 Geo. Ii. 4° — 50 Decembris* 549

ESTIMATE of the Charge, of Seven Regiments of Foot, amounting to Five thousand Seven hundred and

Five ^len, to be raised for the Service of the Year 1741.

Numbers. Pay of the Regiments for 365 Days TOTAL.

' Obe Regiment of Foot of the like Numbers with those on the 'present Establishment -. i Six Regiments of Foot more of the like Foot- - -,( Numbers. Levy Money for 4,960 effective private - Men, at £2. each Mah - - v Whitehall, December 4th, 1746. Will. Yonge. 8*5 4,890 _ 5.7*5 £. s. d. 15,217 9 2 91,304 15 — £. s. d. 106,522 4 2 9^800: 116,322 4 2

\ m 'Total -

E S TIM A T E of the Charge of Four Regiments of Marines, amounting to Four thousand Six hundred and

Twenty Men, to be raised for the Service of the Year 1741.

Numbers. Pay of the Regiments for 365 Days. TOTAL.

Marines - ( 'One Regiment of Marines of the like Numbers with those on the present Establishment - - - - -Three Regiments of Marines more of the like Numbers - - - 1,155 3,465 4,620 £. s. d. 20,175 7 6 60,526 2 6 £. s, d. 80,701 — 8,000 — ' — 1,500

Levy Money for 4,000 effective private Men, at £.2 each Man -- Contingencies upon Account

Whitehall, December 4th, 1740. Will.Yonge. Total - £. 90,201 10 —

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, fO be peru fed by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned, till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 50 dieDecembris.

Anno 14* Georgii Iidi Regis, 1740.

P a V e a s.

tOHN Hughes was, according to Order, brought to J the Bar; where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; ar.nd was ordered to be discharged out of Ciistody, paying his Fees.

A Petition of the confined Debtors in his Majesty’s Pril'on in the Castle of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read j Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Wednesi laylaft, That his Majesty would be pleated to give Direct ions tohisAttorney General topro-fecute at Law John Meres, for having printed the Paper, intituled, " The Daily Pott," dated Decem-

ber 1, 1740: which Paper this House hath resolved to contain a malicious and I'candalous Libel, highly and most injuriontly reflecting upon a just and wife Act of his Majesty’s Government anti the Proceedings of both Honfes of Parliament, and tending to create Jealoufiesand Dif-content in the Minds of his Majesty’s Subjects; had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give D irections accordingly;

Mr. Comptroller also, by his Majesty’s Command, presented to the House, Copy of the Treaty between his

Vol. 23.

Majesty and the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of Cassel', signed, Westminster, 9 May 1740: And also,

Translation of a Treaty with the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of tiqffe Cassel, q May 1740.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

The Copy of the said Treaty is bound up with the other Papers of this Session j

And the Translation thereof is as follows; viz.

Be it known unto those whom it shall appertain, That his Majesty the King of Great Britain on one Side, and his Majesty the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of Hesse, on the other, having considered, that, in thepre-sent Situation of the Affairs of Europe, their reciprocal Interests require, that the antient Friendship and Confidence which has beenat all times cultivated between their Majesties, and their glorions Anceliors, with a mutual Advantage, should be renewed and strengthened by stricter Ties, and by a new Treaty of a defensive Alliance, have thought fit to charge their Ministers, that is to say, his Majesty the King of Great Britain, Philip Lord Hardioicke, his Chancellor of Great Britain, Spencer Earl of Wilmington, President of his Privy Council,

Holies Duke of Nexccastle,one of his principal Secretaries

of Stale, William Lord Harrington, the other of hiS principal Secretaries of State, and Sir Robert Walpole^ Knight of the most noble Order of the Garter, First Commissioner of his Treasury, and Chancellor and Under Treasurer of his Exchequer; and his Majesty the King of Sweden, in Quality of Landgrave, the Sieur Alt, his Counsellor of Legation; being provided with the necessary full Powers to confer thereupon; who, after having exchanged their full Powers, have agreed upon the Points and Articles following:

Article I.

There shall be a sincere Amity, and a most Ariel Union, between their Majesties, their Successors, and Heirs, and Subjects, in such a manner, that the one shall consider the Interests of the other as his own; and

7 A shall

Treaty with King ot Sweden*

550 5* Decembris. A. 174a.

shall faithfully employ himself to promote them as much as possible, and to prevent and keep off from each other mutually all Trouhie and Damage.

Article II.

To this End it isagreed, that all the preceding Treaties, chiefly those of Guaranty, shall be taken to be renewed and confirmed by this presentTreaty.in all their Points, Articles, and Clauses; and they shall have the same Force as if they had been [here] inserted Word for Word, as far as they are not derogated from by the present Treaty. Article III.

His Majesty the King of Great , having desired

that his Majesty the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of lleffk, would hold in Readiness a Body of his Hessian Troops, for the Service of his Britamfick Majesty, in case the Good of his Kingdoms and Dominions should require that Succour, his Majesty the King of Sweden has been willing to agree thereto, promising and engaging, by virtue of this Article, to hold in Readiness for that Purpose, during the Space of Four successive Years, to be reckoned from the Day of the Signing of this present Treaty, a Body of Six thousand Men; that is to say, Twelve hundred Horse or Dragoons, and Four thousand Eight hundred Foot, provided with the necessary general Officers and Subalterns, fitly mounted and armed, in a Condition to march for the Service of his Majesty the King of Great Britain, Two Months after Requifi-tion shall have been made, or sooner, if it be possible, unless there be need of them for the immediate Defence of the Kingdoms and Dominions of his Britannick Majesty; in which case they shall march immediately after the Requisition has been made; and the said Troops shall take the Oath of Fidelity to his Britannick Majesty, when they shall have passed the Frontiers of Hejje, without Prejudice to that which they have taken to his Majesty the King of Sweden as Landgrave; his said Majesty, be-lides retaining the Disposal of all the Posts that shall become vacant in the Corps, the Administration of Justice being reserved to him likt wife.

Article IVth.

Ashis Swedi/h Majesty will be engaged in several considerable Expences for remounting and putting in a Condition the above-mentioned Corps, his Majesty the King of Great Britain, to assist him therein, promises to pay to his Majesty the King of Sweden, for every Horse-man fitly armed and mounted Fourl'core Crowns, and for every Foot Soldier Thirty Crowns BanCo; qne Half immediately after the Signing this Treaty, and the other Half when the Troops shall be delivered. Besides, his Majesty the King of Great Britain engages to pay to his Majesty the King of Sweden, without any Abatement or Delay, anannual Subsidy of Two hundred and fifty thousand Crowns Banco, during the Time that the Troops shall be at the Charge of the Treasury of his Swedish Majesty; which Subsidy shall commence from the Signing of this present Treaty, and shall be continued to the Expiration of the Four Years above, mentioned; but when those Troops shall actually be taken into the Pay of his Majesty the King, of Great Britain, his Majesty the King of Sweden, shall then content himself with ah annual Subsidy of One hundred and fifty thousand Crowns Banco; which Subsidy shall continue during the w hole time that the said Troops shall be in the Service of his Britannick Majesty; the Payment of the one and the other shall he made regularly, without Abatement, and every Quarter, in the d own of to the

military Chest of his Swcdijh Majesty, authorized for the Receipt of it.

Article Vth.

His Majesty the King of Great Britain charges himself

with the Pay and Entertainment, as well ordinary as extraordinary, of the Officers, Ilorfemen, and Foot Soldiers, of that Body, from, the Day they shall begin their March for his Service; and this Pay, both ordinary and extraordinary, shall be regulated upon the same Foot with that of the llcjjuui Troops, made over by the Treaties ofi 702, Articles Five and Six, and of 1726, Arti-Sij jJicd Iron* the Tranllmion ^relented to thulioulc*

cle Six; and it shall be put into the military Chest, with* out any Abatement or Diminution, to make the Distribution thereof; but if it should by Misfortune happen, that any Regiments or Companies of the abovesaid Corps should come to be mined or destroyed, in the Whole, or in Part, his Majesty the King of Great Britain shall cause to be paid, without Delay, to the abovesaid Chest, the Charges of the necessary Recruits and Remounts for putting the Regiments or Companies speedily again into Condition; and these Recruits and Remounts shall be in like manner |regulated upon the Foot of those that were furnished to the Officers

by virtue of the Treaty of 1702, Art. Five; to the end that the Corps may always be preservgd and sent back One Day in as good Condition as it was delivered. Article Vlth.

His Britannick Majesty shall be at Liberty to keep this Corps in his Service, all the time of the Duration of this Treaty, in order to make use of it where-ever he shall have Occasion, provided it be not upon the Fleet, nor beyond Sea, after it comes once out of the hereditary Dominions of his Swedi/h; except however for the Defence of the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland-, in which case these Troops shall enjoy, in all respects, and without any Restriction whatever, the same Pay and Emoluments which the Troops enjoy;

and when his Majesty the King of Great Britain shall have a mind to lend back the said Troops, he ilia.ll acquaint his Majesty the King of Sweden with it Three Mouths before-hand; and shall cattle to be paid to them a Month’s Wages for their Return, furnishing them the necessary Transport Ships gratis. It is like-wife agreed, that the said HTroops shall not be employed either against the Kingdom of Sweden itfelfi or against any of the Provinces belonging to it.

Article Vllth.

In case his Majesty the King of Sweden should be attacked, or troubled in the Possession of his hereditary Dominions, his Britannick Majesty promises and engages to fend the said Body of Troops speedily back to him,paying them not only a Month’s Wages, but furnishing them also gratis the Transport Ships that shall be requi-

site for their Return, and togive besides to his Yavdi/ft Majesty, as Landgrave of Hejfe, all the Succour of Troops which the same shall require; which Assistance shall be continued to him till he shall have obtained a good and advantageous Peace, as his Majesty the King of,

in the Quality of Landgrave, on his Part, promises like-wife,that in case his Majesty the King of Great Britain should be attacked, or troubled in his Kingdoms, States, Countries, Provinces, or Towns, he will give him like-wife all the Assistance that the same shall require; which Assistance shall in like manner be continued to him, until he shall have obtained a good and advantageous Peace.

Article Vlllth.

In order to make this Alliance and Union so much the more perfect, and to leave the Parties no kind of Scruple, as to the Certainty of the Assistance which they are to expert from each other,* it is exp rest Iv agreed, that, for judging hereafter whether the same of this Alliance, and of the stipulated Succour, exists or not, it shall be sufficient that either of the Parties be actually attacked by Force of Arms, without that Party’s having before used open Force against him who attacks him.

Article IXtli.

This Treaty shall last for the Space of Four Years, to be reckoned from the Day of the Signing it; and if their Majesties think fit to continue, prolong, or change it, that Matter shall he treated of Three Mouths before it expires, according to the F.xigency of the Cale.

Article Xtli.

The Ratifications of this Treaty shall be exchanged at London, within. Two Months after the Signing, or sooner, if it be possible.

In Witness whereof, Wc, the underwritten, being ftirnillied with the full Powers of the most ierene Kings of Great Britain, and oi Sweden, have iigtied the present

Treaty,

14 Geo. II. 5° D

Treaty, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be set thereto. Done at Westminsithe Ninth Day of May 1740.

(L S.)

(L. S.) Ilardwickc, C.

(L. S.) Wilmington.

(L. S.) Holies Newcastle.

(L. S.,) Harrington.

(L. S.) R. Walpole.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Wallingford Ordered, That Mr. Speaker to issue his Warrant to the Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wallingford, in the County of , in the room of Wm.Hacks Esquire, deceased;

Debtor* A Petition of the Prisoners in the County Gael.. 0.r-Pethiou. ford in behalf of them Lives, and many Thousands confined in the several Gaols of this Kingdom; and also,

A Petition of the PrisonerS in his Majesty's Prison of Essex, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands confined for Debt in the several Prisons of this Kingdom; Were severally presented to the House, and read;

complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief. And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Expiring Ordered, That Mr. Brereton, Mr. Sir

Law*. Hear. Gough, Mr. BowlesMr. Whitworth, Mr. Drummond, Sir Jer.Davers, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Fox, Mr. Owen, Sir James Grant, Mr. Fere, Mr. Hungerford, MV. Earle, M r. Gore, Lord Si (In. Reauclerk, Mr. Pavilion, Mr. White, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Mr. Lindefay, Mr. Tower, Mr. Pturner , Mr. Hampden, Mr. Selioyn, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Pitt, Sir. Mr. Cornewall,

be added to the Committee appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring: And to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued.

Encdorag- A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-FUheriM &c P°^» That the proper Officer do lav before this Hoofe, ia Scotland. An Account of what Money has arisen from the Sur-plufage of the Malt. Tax, and likewise from all the other Funds under the Management of the Trustees for encouraging Fisheries and Manufactures in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, dilliuguishing each Fund and each Year; together with the Names of the Persons to whom the same has beeu disposed of; what Sum each Person has had, and to promote what Fishery or Manufacture it was given.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the ijth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty IsXngGeorge the First, intituled, An Act for encouraging and promoting Fisheries, and other Manufactures and Improve-' menfs, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland

might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of what Money has arisen from the Snrplnfage of the Malt Tax, and likewise from all the oilier Funds under the Management of the Trustees for encouraging Fitileries and Manufactures in that Part of Great Britain called Scdistinguifiiing each Fund, and each Year; together with the Names of the Persons to whom the same has been disposed of; wluit Sum each Person has bad, and to promote whatFifiiery or Manufacture it was given.

Ditto. llej'olved. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graeionflv pleased to give Directions, That there may be laid before this House, Copies of the several annual Reports which have been made to his Majesty from the Trullees or Commissioners \Tj.- 2£.

(authorized by Letters Patent under the G feat Seal appointed to be kept in Scotland) for managing the Application of the several Funds or Sums of Money, provided for the Advancement and Improvement of Fisheries and Manufactures in Scotland, pursuant-to the Directions of an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act, for encouraging and promoting Fisherit-s, and other MamifaC- , tures and Improvements in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will begraciously pleased to give DU rections, That there may be laid before this House, the Plan with the Rules and Regulationseftahliflied by Letters Patent under the Great Seal appointed to be kept in Scotland, for the Application and Distribution of the several Funds or Sums of Money, provided for the Advancement and Improvement of Fisherie? and Manufactures in Scotland, pursuant to an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for encouraging and promoting Fisheries, and other Manufactures and Improvements in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: Together with a Copy of the said Letters Patent; and also of the Letters Patent under the said Seal, by which* in pursuance of the said Act, Trustees and Commissioners are appointed for managing and directing the Application of the said Sums.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The House being informed that Sir joseph Welhriinrtex*

Clerk to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross Bridge:, the River Thames, from the City of to the

opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door; 1

He was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from 21 November 1739 to November 12, 1740, both inclusive: And also.

Contracts made by the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from 21 November 1739 to November 12, 1740, both inclusive: And also.

Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from 29th September 1739 to 29 September 1 740, both inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Books were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Ai cans-consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee;

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Rill 5 resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon Land Taaci the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a I^and Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of Year 1741;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the I-louse Exportation to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ot upon the Bill to enable his Majesty to prohibit* for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn and other Provisions out of Great Britain, Ireland, and his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America',

Ordered,

5$ 4 5* — betethbris. A. 1740.

Ordered, That Ihe Return of the Commissioners of the Cu (loins to an Order of this House of November last, together with an Account of the several Sorts and Quantities of Corn which have been exported from 1734 to Midsummer 1740; as also from Vrhat Maces and Ports, And in what Quantities they have been respectively exported; together with an Account of the Bounty payable thereupon; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Bounties paid on

Corn, exported from Ijon and the Out-ports, for Five Years and an Half, from Christmas 1734 to Midsummer 1740; diiiittguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair*

Mr. brands Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee) That they had heard the Petitioners upon the several Petitions, upon which the Petitioners were directed to be heard before the said Committee; and had heard some Evidence; and made some Progressin the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuefddy Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to coulider further of the said Bill.

Adjourn- A Motion was made, and the Question being put, meat. That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yea*.{ Rictri Plum} 8?'

Tellers for the Noes, '* } 98.

So it passed in the Negatives

Ordered, That Mr. have Leave to make a

Motion, it being after Six of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Taking off Resolved, That an humble Address be presented tb his c ° Majesty» That he will be gracioiifly pleased to give Di-,cr’ t# regions. That the Embargo upon Ships laden; or to be laden, with Rice or Fith, to be exported td foreign Parts, be forthwith taken off.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Coucil.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunee, 14* Decembris \

Anno 14° Georgii IId‘ Regis, 1740.

P r a v fe r s.

Erincknian’s \ PETITION of John Richard Brinckman was pre-at‘ Ax feuted to the House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Air. Linde say and Mr. Jlay do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Roy non \ Petition of the Trustees of the Middle and South c. Roads. Divisions of the Poll Road leading from in the County of Her ford, to Woodford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, appointed to pot in Execution an Act, passed in Uie 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty 'King George the First, intituled, An Act for the more effectual amending the Highways leading from Royston, in the County of Hertford, to H anford Bridge, in the County of Jifunlingdon, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, That, by the said AO, and Two 18

other AOs therein rfecited, and macle respectively in the Ninth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Anne, several Tolls were granted, and Powers were given, for effeOdally repairing the said Road; which, by the said AO, made in the Thirteenth Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, commenced from the 24th Day of June 1747, and were to continue for the Term of Twenty-one Years: That,inpursuance of certain Powers in the said Acts, the Sums of Twelve hundred and Nine hundred and Fifty Pounds hive been borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts, and-of the Tolls, and of the Monies made payable thereby; which Sums now remain unpaid; and although that Money hath been duly applied, together with the Income arising from the said Tolls, towards the repairing the said Road, yet the same is at present far from being fulficiebtiy repaired; nor can it be effectually repaired, ortheaforesaid Debts of Twelve hundred and Nine hundred and Fifty Pounds be paid off, unless the said Term granted by the said AO be enlarged:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the (hid AOs, of the Ninth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Anne, and of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First; so far as concerns the Highways lying in the Middle and South Divisions of the said Poll Road; and that the Petitioners may have such other Re-1 lief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr* Clarke, Mr. Pigott, Mr.

Fane, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Hooper, Sir Edmund Ij/tatn,

Mr. Carew, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Wilkinjon, Mr. Bromley, General Handafyde, Mr* Rode, Mr. Ord, Mr*

1 Talbot, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Pollen, Lord Sidn.Beauclerk, Mr. Strode, Mr. Lewis, Mr. ton, Mr. Fortescue, Mr. Walker, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Scaw-> en, Mr. Waller, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Horfmonden Turner, Mr* Kynafon, Sir A hr. Ellon, Mr. Lyjier, Mr.

Packer, Mr. M or daunt, Mr. Howe, Mr. Owen, Mr*

Gybbon, Mr. Plumptrc, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Fere,

Mr. Levinze, Mr. Yorke, Sir Robert Monroe, Mr.

Mr. Trefujis-, and all the Members who serve for the

Counties of Huntingdon, Hertford, Cambridge, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clofk, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Russia Com-of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Fellow- pany’.JTndd ship of Englishi Merchants for Discovery of new Trades, t01>cl1w-commonly called the Russia Company, is referred,

That they do admit the Petitioners to be beard by themselves, if they think fit, upon their said Petition, before the said Committee.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Answeri* Address of Friday last. That his Majesty would be gra- A(ldref‘* ciously pleased to give Directions, That the Embargo upon Ships laden, or to be laden, with Rice or Fid), to be exported tOjforeign Parts, be forthwith taken off, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That his Majesty, upon Application of the Merchants, had had this Matter before under his Consideration, and had resolved to give Directions, That the Embargo upon Ships laden with Fish and Rice should be taken off.

Mr. Comptroller also reported to the Ilonfe, That their other Addresses of Friday last, That his Majesty would be gracioiifly pleased to give Directions, That the Copies of the several annual Reportsthereiu mentioned, and also the Plan, with the Rules and Regulations therein described, and also the Copies of the several Letters Patent therein mentioned, might be laid before this

House,

14 Geo. II. 8’ — 9° Decembris. 553

House, had been prefeuted to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded liim to acquaint this House, That be will give Directions accordingly.

I.otr«s by A Petition of Samuel Ward, Richard Fi/her, Thomas Fire at Well- Taylor, Waller Corbet, Thomas Nottingham, Emanuel ingiiorough. Dew (bury, John Keep, Samuel Ellington, and John Halles, in behalf of themselves, and about an Hundred and Forty others, Sufferers by Fire at Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by a dreadful Fire, which happened in the said Town July 28, 1738, Two hundred and Five Dwelling Houses, with the Outhouses thereunto belonging, with great Quantities of the Stocks of Tradesmen, wereconfumed, and a great many Families utterly ruined, thereby; that, notwithstanding the Charities which have been collected for the Relief of the said poor Sufferers, great Numbers of them are still in very mean Circumftauces, and the whole Town is very much affected by the Loss, on account of the great Increase of the Poor, and the £)ecrease of the Contributors towards their Maintenance, which the said F>re has occasioned: That the Land Tax of the Houses and Stock con fumed, for the Year 1759, amounts to the Sura of £.43 4*. 2d. and, for the Year 1740, to the Sum of £.35 1 6s.id. as appears from the Schedules of Particu-

lars to this Petition annexed: That very few of the Houses consumed were rebuilt before the last Summer, and fewer inhabited till very lately, and a great many still lie in Ruins: And therefore, the Necessitiesof the Petitioners obliging them to lay their Condition before the House, praying, That the said Taxes in Arrear may be remitted to the said Poor Sufferers, or such Relief granted to them therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1741, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for the Relief of the said Petitioners.

Supply Bill; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to saud Tax. re(*0|ve jtfelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill,

Ordered, That it be an In(lru6tion to the (hid Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, for the Year 1739, out of the Supplies for the Year 1741.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for giving Notice to the Commissioners of the Land Tax of the Death or Removal of any Receiver or Receivers.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow ' Morning, Nine of the Clock.

. Vol. 23,

Martisy 9* die Decembris;

Anno 14* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

OHN De Pcjlers took the Oaths appointed, ip order to his Naturalization.

A Petition of the Prisoners in his Majesty’s County Debtor* Prison of Warwick,in behalf of themselves, and many Pet,tion.

Thou lands more, confined for Debt in the several Prisons of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their DKlrefs: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed, that Mr. Com

from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the exported. Door;

He was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs to an Order of this House, of the aoth Day of last Month; with an Account of the several Sorts and Quantities of Corn which have been exported, from Christmas 1739 to Mid/ummer 1740; as also from what Places and

Ports, and in what Quantities they have been respectively exported; together with an Account of the Bounty payable thereupon, London only excepted; that being included in the former Account.

And theu he withdrew.

And the said Return, and the Title of the said Account, were read.

Ordered, That the said Return, and Account, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable his Majesty to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, and other Provisions, out of Great Britain, Ireland, and his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, is committed.

The said Return, and Account, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Supply Bill the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Land f>x-granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1741, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iugrossed.

A Petition of John Dodd Esquire, was presented to Beading the House, and read; setting forth, That at the last Election. Election of a Burgess to fervein this present Parliament for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, in the room of Henry Gray Esquire, deceased, William Strode Esquire and the Petitioner were Candidates; and that the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, and Ought to have been returned; but that Jeria Iremonger, the Mayor and Returning Officer of the said Borough, did admit several Persons to poll for the said William Strode, who had ho Right of voting, and refused others, who tendered their Votes for the Petitioner, and had an undoubted Right; whereby," and by other illegal and unwarrantable Practices of the said William Strode, and his Agents, he hath procured himself to be returned, in manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in open Violation of the Laws for securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises ihto Consideration,

y B and

De Pcfter Nat.

Calder

Navigation.

Laws

concerning

common

Recoveries.

Russia Company’s Trade to Pprfia.

554 o° — 10° D. A. 1740.

and to give such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House upon Monday the 19th Day of January next.

' A Bill for naturalizing John Esquire, was

read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baptist Leveson Gower, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lord

fey, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Cornwall, Mr.

Mr. Rolle, Mr. Bramston, Ix>rd' Barrington, Mr. cue, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Leheup, Mr. son Gower, Sir Hugh Smithjon, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Gore, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Strode, Mr. Knight, Mr. More, Mr. Waller, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Montagu, Sir James Grant.:And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition, of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Clothiers’ and other Inhabitants, of the Towns, Townships, Chapelries, and Precincts, of Halifax, Ealand, and Rippon-den, in the West Riding of the County of York, was pre-fcnted to the House, and read; setting forth. That the River Calder, in the said West Riding of the said County, was heretofore made navigable by Act of Parliament to the Town of Wakefield, and is capable of being made further navigable to the aforesaid Towns of Ealand and Halifax-, and that the Petitioners conceive, That the continuing the Navigation of the said River up to and from thence by the Brook Mouth to Salter Hebble Bridge, and so farther up a River, originally called but now Halifax Brook, to the Town of Halifax, will be highly advantageous, not only to the Inhabitants of Halifax, Rip/wndeit, and Ealand, but to all the Clothing

Towns, and Places adjacent, and to the Publick in general, by preserving the Highways, which are now main* tained at a large annual Expence, and by a cheap and easy Conveyance of all Sorts of Merchandizes and Commodities to and from London, and several other Parts of this Kingdom, the Prices whereof, by the heavy Charge of Land Carriage, are very much enhanced, to the great Discouragement of Trade: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for. continuing the Navigation of the said River Calder, from Wakefield to the Towns of Ealand and Halifax aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Turner, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Earle, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Lord

Vere Beauclerk, Lord Hour. Beauclerk, Sir Hugh -Jon, Mr. Doddinglon, Mr. CaMr. Longueville, Mr.

Bootle, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Gore, Sir Charles Bunbury,

Mr. Conolly, Mr. Treby, Sir Win. Sir James

Grant, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Pitt, Mr. tleworth, Lord Barrington, Mr. Trefujis, Sir James ther. Sir Jefeph Pennington, Mr. Fox; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York,

Lancaster, Nottingham, and Chester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the Law concerning common Recoveries; and to explain and amend an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries, so far as the same relates to Estates, pour autre Vie: And that Mr. Fazakerley and Mr. Attorney General do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House tq resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to *5

consider of the Petition of the Fellowship of English Merchants for Discovery of new Trades, commonly called the Russia Company.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Exportatiou whole House, to consider further of the Bill to enable his of Cora. Majesty to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, and other Provisions, out of Great Britain, Ireland, and his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, 'That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurtf 1 o° die Decembris;

Anno 14* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Lord of the Manor of Driffield, Driffield in the County of York, and of the Freeholders, and l"tlofure-other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having Lands and Right of Common in and on the open Fields, Pastures, and commonable Land, of and in the Townships of Great Driffield and Little Driffield, within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said open Fields, Pastures, and Commonable Land, contain together Four thousand and Five hundred Acres, or thereabouts; and that if the same were divided and inclosed they would be very useful and convenient for the carrying on of Ilufbandryand keeping of a Stock of Cattle’ and other Improvements might be made thereby, which would be very beneficial to the Parties concerned; and therefore the Petitioners are desirous to divide and inclose the said open Fields,

Pastures, and Commonable Land, and to have each Proprietor’s Share and Proportion thereof allotted to him in Severalty: That notwithstanding such Division and Inclosure will tend to the publick Good, as well as to the mutual Advantage of all Persons concerned therein, yet the feme cannot be made effectual, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: Apd therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the open Fields, Pastures, and Commonable Land aforesaid, according to each Person’s Right in the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilkinfo Mr. Treby, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Charles Pelham, Mr. *, Mr. Alderman lleathcote, Mr. Shuttleuorth, Mr. Cnrzon, Mr.

Geo. Fox, Sir James Dafhwood, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Hay,

Mr. Lyster, Mr. Ord, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Leheup,

Mr. Bladen, Mr. Hear. Finch, Mr. Colonel Howard, Sir Joseph Pennington, Mr. OMr. Maifler, Sir Henr. Liddell, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Hucks, Mr.

Harry Waller, Mr. Bold, Mr. Waller, Mr. Scawen, Sir Roger Burgoyne, Mr. Clarke, Dr. Lee, Sir John Cope,

Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Keene, Sir John Turner, Mr. Turner,

Mr. Fane, Sir EdmundIsham, Mr. Smith, Lord Guernfy,

Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Howe, Mr. Rowney, Mr.

Dpwkins,

t4 Geo. II. i 6° Decembr555

Dawkins, Mr. I^onguevilleSir Michael Newton, Sir Wil-

liam Irby, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Archer, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Proxvfe, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Boone, Mr. Packer, Lord Gage; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of York and LincolnAnd they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

Debtor* Petition of the Prisoners in his Majesty’s Prison of etition. jjg cjjy. an(j County of Worcester, in behalf of themselves and many Thousands confined for Debt in the several Prisons of this Kingdom; and also,

A Petition of the Prisoners in his Majesty’s Gaol of and for the County of Northampton, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands confined for Debt in the several Prisons of this Kingdom; and also,

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in his Majesty’s Gaol at Durham; and also,

A Petition of the Prisoners in Dorchester Prison, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands confined for Debt in the several Prisons of this Kingdom;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief. And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table. 1

DePefler*’ Mr. Baptist Leve/on Gower reported from the Cora-Nat mittee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing John de Pefters Esquire,was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true, and had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. 1

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Cirencester Mr. Henry Bathurst reported from the Committee, to R*act. whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Cirencester Town’s End to St. John’s Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the fiud Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The Petitioners produced the Act of Parliament mentioned in their Petition, whereby several Tolls were granted and made payable, from the First Day of June 1727, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, for repairing the said Roads.

Then Mr. Joseph Small, being examined, said. That the Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execution, finding the Roads in a ruinous Condition, were obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money, on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted, iu order to make the same passable.

The said Witnefslaid before the Committee an Account. of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Tolls for Thirteen Years pall; whereby it appeared, That the Disbursements, in many of the Years since the Commencement of the said Act, exceeded the Money collected by the Tolls therein granted.

And he being alked. Whether any, and what. Debt was owing on the Credit of the said Act ? Said, That there was a Debt of One thousand Pounds, which the Trustees had borrowed of several Persons Hill due, carrying Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum; and that although the fame, together with the Tolls collected, had been duly laid out and applied according to the Directions of the said Act, yet several Parts of the said Roads, in the Winter Season, are ft ill in a bad Condition: And he further said. That unless the former Act, and the Powers thereby given be continued Vol. 23.

and enlarged, all the Roads directed to be repaired, cannot be sufficiently amended, and kept in Repair, and the Money borrowed, with the Interest thereof, paid off and discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his: late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for re- . r

pairing the Roads leading from Cirencester Town’s Egd . to St. John’s Bridge, in the County of Gloucester; And that.Mr. Henry Bathurst and Mr. Chester do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for confirnjing, and establishing Articles #f Chawtom Agreement, and an Ayvard, for dividing and incj#sing Inclosure. certain Common Fields; and a Common, called Chatpfati Common, in the Parish of Chawton, in the Cqunfy of Southampton, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Rill be committed to Sir Chai'lps Mordaunt, Mr. Bnmfion, Mr. Harley, Sir EdmurulBcfcay,

Sir Edward Deering, Mr. Thomas Gpre, Mr. Yates, Mr-

Shftttleworth, Mr. Price, Mr. Carew, Sir John Peachy,

Mr. Compton, Mr. Onslow, Mr. KyMr. Mr. Proiofe, Mr. Turner, Sir James GraMr. Cartwright, Mr. More, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Smith, Mr. Hooper,

Sir Edmund Jsham, Lord Sidn. Betmclerk, Lord Guern-

fey, Mr. Winningtan, Sir John St. A Mr. Dayckin$,

Sir Wm. Courtenay, Sir Wm. Carcto, Mr. , Mr.

Chaffin, Mr. MedJycott, Lord Baltimore, Lord John Sacville, Mr. White, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Mr.

Jeffreys, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Pitt, Mr.

Leve/on Gower, Mr. Hay, Mr. Mor daunt, Sir Wm.

bett; and all the Members who serve for the Coup ties of Southampton, Suffer, Surrey, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply"* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, including the Land Forces and Marines in Lord Cathcart’s Expedition, for the Year 1741, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Seven Regiments of Foot, amounting to Five thousand Seven hundred and Five Men, to be raised for the Service of the Year 1741, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Four Regiments of Marines, amounting to Four thousand Six hundred and Twenty Men, to be raised for the Service of the Year 1741, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Ct>air.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

55* 11* Decembris. A. 1740.

yovis, ii* Decembris;

Anno i4* Georgii IId* Regis, 1740.

Pt AYERS.

ington, A P ETITIO N of the Trustees, whose Names are R*!*. £X. thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the i-2th Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of

lon, Chelsea, and Fulham, and other Parishes therein

-mentioned, in the County of in behalf of

themselves, and of the Inhabitants of the said several

Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by the said Act, several Tolls and Duties were granted, to take place for the Term of Twenty-one Years, from and after the ill Day of June 1726, for repairing the said Roads; which, at' the Time of passing the said Act, were in so ruinous a Condition, that the Petitioners were under a Necessity of borrowing several large Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof; and that there remains now due thereon the Sum of Six thousand Five hundred Pounds; which, together with the Tolls and Duties collected by virtue of the said Act, have been applied towards repairing of the said Roads, and for other Purposes of the said Act; and that great Progress hath been made therein; but that by reason of the

exceffive Weights and Carriages continually passing through the said Roads the same cannot be effectually

repaired, according to the true Intent of the said Act, and the Monies remaining due as aforesaid, upon the Credit thereof, be repaid, unless the Term, Tolls, and Powers, granted by the said Act, be further enlarged and continued, and the said Act made more effectual: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging, continuing, and making more effectual, the Term, Tolls, and Powers, by the said former Act granted, for such Time, and in such Manner, as to the Houselhall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr Sir Hugh Smiihfon,

Mr. Sandys, Lord Sundon, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Tucker, Mr. Slower, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Jjongueville, Lord Gage, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Fortescue, Mr.

Basset, Lord Barrington, Dr. Butler, Mr. Trevor, Mr.

Leathes, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Hay, Mr. MonJ'on, Sir John

Rushout, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr. Compton, Mr.

Bramston, Sir John Turner, Mr. Smith, Sir Grant,

Mr. Careto, Mr. Thompson, Lord G Mr.

Mr Poioney, M v.Winnington, Sir James Dashwood, Lord

Sidn. Beauclerk, Lord Quarendon, Mr. Packer, Mr.

Drummond, Mr. Iackwood, Mr. Hoioe, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Trefufis, Mr. Rowney, Mr. More, Mr. Mr.

Fox; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Berks, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

Mr Lindefaypresented to the House, according to Brinekman’s

Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Richard Esquire: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Careio presented to the House, according to Or- Regulating der, a Bill for regulating Trials at Niji Prius-, arid f of the j^,apri^ more effectual Summoning of Special Juries; And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House being informed, that Mr. John Dawson, Receipts of from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; Exchequer

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the f^m House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what iand.

Money has been received into the Exchequer in England, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, ftomChrifimas 1734 to Michaelmas 1740; distinguishing each Head, and each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

SrV *.*. 1

t*

CO

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

D

cq'

« — h

n'

CD

Q-

CT

O

o

eg

?r

n

Received upon the Duty on wrought Plate Duty on Malt,

Do. -Do. . -Do. -Do. -Do. -Do. -ifi. Aid, Anno 2d. 1 jh.Aid, Anno

13th. 2 (h.Aid, Anno i^th. zjh. Aid, Anno 15th. 1 fh.Aid, Anno 16th. yh. Aid, Anno 17th. %Jh.Aid, Anno 18th. 2 , Jh.Aid, Anno Duty on Salt, Anno

Exchequer, the nth , 174°*

John Dawson.

1733

1734

1735

1736

1737

1738

1739 734

1733

1734

1735

1736

1737

1738

1739 »732

From Christ/nas 1734 to Michaelmas 1735‘ Froni } lichaehnas 1735 to Michaelmas 17 36. From Michaelmas 1736 to Michaelmas 1737- From Michaelmas 1737 to Michaelmas 1738* From Michaelmas 1738 to Michaelmas 1739* From Michaelmas 1739 to Michaelmas 1740. Totals received upon each Head.

1,000 — 1,000 — — £. s. 2,000 — d.

15,000 15,000 — —

4,000 — — 16,000 — — 20,000 — —

- 2,000 — 18,000 - - - 20,000 — —

m - - 5,000 — — 15,000 - - 20,000 — ——

- - - 1 20,000 — - 20,000

- - - - 4,000 — — 13,000 17,000 —

- - - - 3,000 3,000

1,000 — 864 lO 31 m m ~ - - - 1,864 lO 3\

4>4°o i,goo — 359 10 3 6,659 10 3*

8,000 — — - 10,500 — ~ 2,000 — — 5°o 345 — 7 - 2 1,945 — 7

- 10,500 — 11,000 — — 1,900 — — 539 — 7 - 23,939 ~ 7

- - - 1 1,000 — - — 10,500 2,000 1 0 O 23,960 — 7

- - - - 12,000 — — 10,000 — — 1,300 23,300 — —

- - - - - 12,500 9,500 22,000 —

- - 12,500 — — 12,500 —

11,000 3>5°° " - - 14,500 —

43,400 — - 46,26410 47.959 10 3* 39,000 50,384 1 2 39,76° — 7 267,668 2 4

3-

Ul

cn

14 Geo.

558

I 1° — 12°

Decembris.

A. 1740,

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be,perused by the Members of the House.

Horse A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Soldier* in That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, Ireland. That he will be graciously pleated to give Directions, That there may be laid before this House, an Account of the Numbers of Horse, Dragoons, and Foot that were in Ireland, for the Years 1738 and 1739, and the Charge thereof, and the estimated Numbers and Charge for the Year 1740, dist each Year.

It passed in the Negative.

Supply. Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Kefolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

1. Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Number of Laud Forces employed for Guards, Garrisons, and other Services, for the Year 1740, including Two Regiments of Foot employed on the Expedition under Lord Cath, and Two thousand Three hundred and Twenty-two Invalids, amounting to Twenty-nine thousand and Thirty-three effective Men, Commission and Non Commission Officers included, be continued for the Service of the Year 1741.

2. Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred Eighty-three thousand One hundred Eighty-nine Pounds Two Shillings and Six-pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the said Twenty-nine thousand and Thirty-three effective Men, for Guards and Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain,

and Jersey, for the Year 1741.

3. Reflived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Six thousand Nine hundred and Thirty Marines, Commission and Non Commission Officers included, employed for the Service of the Year 1740, be continued for the Service of the Year 1741.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Twenty-four thousand and Fifty-two Pounds Five Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the said Six thousand Nine hundred and Thirty Marines, Commission and Non Commission Officers included, fer the Service of the Year 1741.

j. Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Number of Land Forces, not exceeding Five thousand Seven hundred and Five-Men, Commission and Non Commission Officers included, beraised for the Service of the Year 1741.

6. Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Sixteen thousand Three hundred and Twenty-two Pounds Four ' Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for railing and maintaining the said Five thousand Seven hundred and Five Men, Commission and Non Commission Officers included, for the Service of the Year 1741.

7. Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Number of Mariues, nft exceeding Four thousand Six hundred and Twenty Men, be raised for the Service of the Year 1741.

5. Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety thousand Two hundred and One Pounds Ten Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, for railing and maintaining the said Four thousand Six hundred and Twenty Men, Commission and Non Commission Officers included, for the Service of the Year 1741.

The First, Second, Third, and Fourth Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the ! louse.

The 5th Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time, and the Question being put. That the I louse do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That an additional Number of Land Forces, not exceeding Five thousand Seven hundred and Five Men, Commission and Non Commission Officers included, be raised for the Service of the Year 1741.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.{^; f2<2

Tellers for the Noes,* j£; ad^deUy: }l66'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The relt of the Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 1 2° $e Decembris;

Anno 14* Georgii II41 Regis, 1740.

Pra yehs.

/ORDERED, That Thomas Strangways Esquire,

a Member of this House, in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for neglecting to attend his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution the Acts of Parliament, one of the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Highways leading from Sex -enoaksto Woods Gate and Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, and the other of the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term granted by the said Act, and for explaining and making the same more effectual, and for amending the Highways leading from Woodfgale to Kippings Cross, in the Parish of in the said

County; and also of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and other Persons, living in, near, and usually travelling through, the Roads leading from Kippings Cross aforesaid, to Lamberhurts and in the said County, and to a Place called Tent, in the

Parish of Tycehurjt, in the County of was pre-

fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That several Tolls were granted, continued, and made payable, by the aforesaid Acts, for amending the Roads, and for the Terms therein mentioned; and that the ’Foils which have been collected, together with the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, lately borrowed, by virtue of the said Acts, have been duly applied, according to the Di rest ions thereof; notwithstanding which the said Roads are Hill iu a ruinous Condition; and the Petitioners the Trustees find that they cannot complete the Repairs thereof, and make and keep the same convenient for all Passengers, during the subsisting Term, which expires on or about the 24th Day of June 1746, unless the Term and Powers, by the said former Acts granted and given, be enlarged, and the said Acts made more effectual; and that the before-mentioned Roads leading from Kippings Cross to Flimwell Vent, adjoining to the Roads aforesaid, are, by reason of many heavy Carriages frequently passing through the fame, becomefo founderous.that they cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws now in being, for repairing the Highway's of this Kingdom, be fulficiently amended for the Accommodation of Passengers, unless some other Provision be made for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers by the said former Acts granted, and for making the said Acts

more

A Member in Custody to be discharged.

Sevenoaks

Roads.

*4 Geo. II. 12° Decembris. 559

more effectunl; and that Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing the said Roads leading from Kip-pings Crofsto I'liimvellVent, as aforesaid, in such man-tier as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the Housei

And it is referred to Mr. PolhiU, Mr. Gybban, Mr. O/baldeJ/an, Mr. Fane, Lord Mr. Mr.

Vane, Kir. Pelham, Mr. Mr. Burrell, Sir

Joseph Pennington, Mr. , Mr. Gildart, Mr.

Wyndham, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Brad-Jhaigh, Lord P almerston, M r. Lejlie, Sir Miles

Mr. Selicyn, Lord Quarendon, Mr. Scawsn, Mr. Tre-J'uJis, Mr. Bramjion, Mr. Lindefay, Mr. Mr.

Brereton, Mr. Whirlwot, Mr. How, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Ilkinfin, Mr. IItune Campbell, Lord Limerick,

Mr. Mr. I "orke, Mr. Proufe, Mr. Gregory, Mr.

Longuevilte, Mr. HoublonMr. llarvey, Mr. Turner, Si v James Grant, Mr. Butherford, Sir Abdy, Mr.

Cor naval!, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Packer, Mr. Clarke, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent and Siffex, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Perlbtis, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Jcwkes, Sir Henry Liddell, Mr. Hales, Mr. James Pelham, Mr. White, Sir John Heath-cole, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Monfin, Sir Corbet, be added to the said Committee.

ftayfton Mr. Clarke reported from the Committee to whom fcc. Road, the Petition of the Trullees of the Middle and South Divisions of the Poll Road leading from in the County of Hertford, to Wandsford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon,appointed to put in Execution an Act,

passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the more effectual amending the Highways leading from Roi/ston, in the Count y of Hertford, to Wandsford Bridge in the County of Huntingdon, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the saidPetition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them,to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Petitioners produced an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the First, intituled.

An Act for the more effectual amending the Highways leading from Royston, in the County of Hertford, to Wandsford Bridge, in the County of Hunlingdon,vrhere-l»y the said Roads were separated into Three distinct Divisions; viz.The North Division, the Middle Division, and the South Division, the said North Division to extend from Wandsford aforesaid, to the White Poll in the said Highway, on or near Alconbury Hill, the said Middle Division from the said White Poll Southward to Godmauchester,in the Giunty of Cambridge, and the said South Division from the said Middle Division, to Royston aforesaid; and certain Tolls and Duties were granted for each Division, instead of the Tolls and Duties granted by Two former Acts, the One made in the Ninth, and the other in the Twelfth, Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the said Highways; which said Act of the 13th of his late Majesty King George, and the several Powers granted by the said former Acts, except such as were thereby altered, were to continue, and be in force, for Twenty-one Years, to commence from the 24th of June 1727.

Then the Petitioners called Euzoard Leeds Esquire, mid Mr. Thomas'Phong: Who, being severally examined, said, That there has been the Sum of £. 1.200 borrowed upon the Security of the Tolls and Duties granted by the said Acts for the South Division, and the Sum of £.q;,o upon the Security of the Tolls and Duties granted Yol. 23.

by the said Acts lor the Middle Division; which Sums remain unpaid; and that although the said Sums have been duly applied towards the Repair of the respective Roads, together with the Income arising by the said Tolls and Duties; yet the said Roads are far from being fulficiently repaired; nor can they beeffectually amended, or the aforesaid Debts of £.i,aoo and ^.950 be paid off, unless the Term granted by the said Act, of the 13th of his late Majesty King George be enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers granted by Three several Acts, made in the Ninth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and in the Thirteenth

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the

First, for amending the Highways leading from Royflon, in the County of Hertford, to Wandsford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, so far as the same relate to the Roads lying in the Middle and South Divisions of the said Highways: And that Mr. Clarke and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in the fame.

Sir Miles Stapylton reported* from the Committee to Driffield whom the Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Drif- inclosure-field, in the County of York, and of the Freeholders, and other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having Lands, and Right of Common, in and on the open Fields, Pastures, and Commonable Land, of and in the Townlliips of Great Driffield and Little Driffield within the said Manor, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and h j read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Conyers produced Articles, bearing Date the 29th Day of October 1740; whereby all the Parties thereto, who have executed the fame, have agreed, that it should be referred to certain Persons therein particularly named, to appoint Composition Rents, in lieu of the Tythes of Corn, Grain, Hay, Wool, and Lamb, of the said Fields,

Pastures, and Commons, intended to be flatted, divided, and inclosed, and also of the old Inclosures; and that it should be referred to certain other Persons, in the said Articles also named, to divide and inclose the Premises, and to proportion such Rents.

And the said John Conyers being examined, said, That the Persons who have Interests in the said Fields, Pastures, and Commons, and who have not ligned the Petition to Parliament, are, James Moyfer Esquire, Owner of One Messuage, Two or Three Cottages, and about half an Oxgang of Land; Christopher Harper, Owner of One Messuage, and about Two Oxgangs of Land; Elizabeth Hebden, Widow- Owner of about Three Oxgangs of Land; Anne Boyes, Owner of a Messuage, and Six Oxgangs of Land; Mary and Jane Owners of

One Messuage, Six Cottages, and Ten Oxgangs of Land; Mary and Anne Oliver, Owners of One Cottage, and about half an Acre of Laud; Thomas Newton,

Owner of One Cottage, and Two-third Parts of an Ox-gang of Land; William Slephenfon, Owner of a Cottage, and Three Acres and a half of Land; Hudson,

Owner of a Messuage, Marmaduke Slephenfon, Jane

nington, Robert Slephenfon, William Gar diner J Knaggs

the Elder, Mary Luccock, John Webjle, Richard Clarke,

Robert Gilbank, Jane Baron, Elizabeth Wife, and the

Lleir of Ethringlon Widow, deceased, who are

each of them severally Owners of a Cottage; and Samuel

Kellard, Owner of the Fourth Part of a Cottage: That

he offered the said Articles antKPetition to all the said

Parties, except Anne Oliver, Jane Baron, and the Heir of

the said Ethringlon, and Samuel Kellard, to execute

and sign; and at the same time acquainted them, that

some of the Parties would endeavour to obtain an Act,

this Session, for confirming the intended Division andln-

closure: That Mr. Moy/er, Christopher Harper, Elizabeth

Hebden, Anne Bones, Mary Manuel, whochiefly manages

A flairs

56°

Affairs for herself, and her Sifter, the said , William ' Stevenfan, Anne Hudson, Steven fan, Jane

Binningfon, Robert Stevenf William Gardiner, and

John Knaggs, the Elder said. They did not intend to

opjjofe the Act; but that Maty , Thomas Mary Luccock, John WebRichard , and Robert Gilbank, would not give any Answer, when he, the said Conyers, applied to them: That Anne Oliver, is aSer-vaut at fomediltaut Place from Driffield; Jane is

a Minor, and her Father, by Letter, has consented to the Inclosure: That the Heir of is be-

yond Sea; and, as he is informed, Elizabeth Wife is a Luuatick; and Samuel Kellard sent a Meifage to this Witness, that he would fell.

The said John Conyers further said, That the Interest of the Persons who have not, either by signing the Articles aforesaid, or otherwise, consented to the Inclosure, is not a Hundreth Part in Proportion to the roll; and further, that levelling, dividing, and inclosing, of the said Fields, Failures, and Commons, will be of great Benefit and Advantage to the several Persons interested therein.

Then the said John Conyers also produced the Award of Hugh 7J<7/ie// Esquire, and other Arbitrators, bearing Date the 3d Day of December 1740, whereby they have awarded the yearly Sum of£. 276 to be paid in lieu of the Tythes of Corn, Grain, and Hay, of the Fields, Pastures, and Commons, intended to be levelled, divided, and inclosed; the yearly Sum of 30 in lieu of the Tythes of Wool and Lamb of the said Premises; and the yearly Sum of £.5 5 s. in lieu of the Tythes of Corn, Grain, Hay, Wool, and Lamb, of all the old Inclosures within the Townships of Great Driffield and Little Driffield.

Upon the Whole it appeared to the Committee, That the dividing and inclosing the open Fields, Pastures, and Commonable Lands aforesaid, will be for the mutual Advantage of all the Persons interested therein; but that the same cannot be done, to answer the Intention of the said Parties, without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing several open Fields, Pastures, and Commons, in the Township of Great Driffield, and Little Driffield, in the County of York; and for settling certain yearly Payments to the Prebendary of Driffield, for the Time being, in lieu of his Tythes, pursuant to an Agreement, and an Award, made for those Purposes: And that Sir Miles Stayplton, Mr. Mr. OJbaldeston, and Mr. Thomp/on of York, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Tyburn to A Petition of the Trustees whose Names are thereunto

Uxbridge subscribed, appointed to put in Execution Two Acts of oad* Parliament, one of the First and the other of the T welfth

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways betweeo Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of was presented to

the House, and read; and setting forth. That, by the said Acts, several Tolls and Duties were granted, continued,

and made payable, for the several Terms therein mentioned, for repairing the said Highways, containing in Length about Fourteen Miles; and that the Petitioners finding the said Highways in a very ruinous Condition, and the annual Income not being sufficient, they have been obliged to borrow a considerableSum of Money, in order to put the same into Repair; and that the Stim of Fifteen hundred Pounds, Principal Money, so borrowed, is now due; which, with the Income of the said Tolls collected, hath been duly paid, for the Interest of the Money borrowed and applied in repairing the said Highways; sand that, by the said Acts, the Power given to deft newTrustees cannot be executed till their Number be reduced to Twenty; and although there are atpresent more, yet the Number of acting Trustees is so small, that it is very difficult to procure a Meeting of Five, without which tlo Powers in the said Acts contained ean be executed; and that for the Appointment of new 15

A. 1740.

Trustees, Eleven are required: And in regard the Money now due on the Credit of the fobfilling Term, which expires the 23th Day of December 1747, cannot be repaid, and the said Highways effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, foi the future; and in regard the Number of Trustees cannot be increased, for the more effectual executing the Trusts and Powers in the said Acts con- ' tained, without the Aid of a further Act of Parliament; praying, That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former Acts, for so long Time, and in fitch Manner, as to the House Dial! feern meet.

OrderedfYhat the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pullcney, Mr. Southwell, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Lyttelton, Lord Mr.

ning ton, Mr. Carew, Mr. Earle, Lord Mr.

gory, Sir John Healhcote, Mr. Ilorner, Sir Charles mour, Mr. Howe, Lor dGucrnfiy, Sir James Grant Mr.

Longueville, Lor dGage, Lord Fere Mr. Compton, Mr. Powney, Mr. Row net;. Sir Win. Courtenay, Mr.

Bafhurst, Mr. Proivje, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Mr.

Stanhope, Mr. Walker, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Gyhbon, Mr. Crawley. Lord Barrington, Mr. Yorke, Mr.

Turner, Mr. Baptiifi. Leveson Gower, Mr. Jeffreys, Mr.

Strode, Mr. Hooper-, and all the Members who fervefor the Counties of Middlesex, Bucks, Oxoti, and:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they hav e Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John De Pejlers De Pefters' Esquire, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing John De Pejlers Esquire.

Ordered, That Mr. Baptist Leveson do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of John Meres, Printer of a Paper called, Privilege. " The Daily Poll," now in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner havingjifftly incurred the Displeasure of the House, by printing Part of a malicious and scandalous Libel; which he was unwittingly and unwillingly drawn into, by reason the said Libel was brought to him printed, as a same to be delivered to the Members of this House; craves Leave to express his great Sorrow for his said Offence, and humbly to assure the House, that he will take all possible Care to avoid offending in like manner for the future; and humbly hopes, that the House will look upon his having desisted from printing the rest of the said Libel, as soon as he was informed of the Nature of the fame, before any Complaint thereof to the House, as a Proof of the Sincerity of his said Intentions: And praying. That the House will take his same into Consideration; and that he may be discharged from his Confinement, having a Wife, and several small Children.

A Motion wasmade, and the Question being proposed,

That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, docarry the said John Meres, now in his Custody, to the Lord Chief Justice of his Majesty’s Court of Kijig’s Bench, or to any other Justice of the said Court, to give sufficient Security to appear on the First Day of the next Term, in the said Court, in order to be forth coming to answer the Prosecution which this House has addressed his Majesty to give Directions to his Attorney General to carry on against the said John Meres, for having printed the Paper,

intituled, " The Daily Poll," dated Monday,

1740, which Paper this House has resolved to contain a maliciousandfcandalousLibeljhighlyand moftinjuriously refleftingupon a just and wife Act of his Majesty’s Government, and the Proceedings of both Houses of Parliament, and tending to create Jealonfies and Discontent

in

12° Decemb.

14 Geo. II. 1 — 150

in the Minds of his Majesty’s Subjects, and when he hath given such Security, that he be discharged out of the Custody of the said Serjeant, paying his Fees.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the , J

Tellers for the Noes IM r> 7

tellers for the ^oes,jM(. Gore: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

147.

I3I*

Employment Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Ad-

Halt-pay dress be presented to Ins Majesty, That, for the present cers* and future Ease of his Majesty’s Subjects, he would be graciously pleased to employ in the Army such Persons as now remain upon Half-pay, who are qualified to serve his Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Way* The House, according to Order, resolved itself into 4adMeans, a Committee of the whole House, to eonlider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for taifing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

£xpottatron The Order of the Day being read, for the House to of Corn, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to enable his Majesty to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, and other Provillons, out of Great Britain, Ireland, and his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider futther of the said Bill.

9 I

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

t

And then the House adjourned till Monday

Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Dunce, 15*.;

Anno 140 Georgii ID' Regis 1740.

Prayer s.

tjtO IIN Richard BrirckF.squire, took the Oaths

J appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Debtors A Petition of the Prisoners in his Majesty’s Prison "Petition. of Newgate,in the City and County of in behalf

of theuilelves, and many Thoufandsconfined for Debt in Vol. 23.

the several Prisons of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress:

And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed, that Mr. Bowles, Agent Exportation for the Commissioners of the Customs, in at- of Corn-

tended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, yearly Accounts of Com exported from Scotland, from Christmas 1734 to Midsummer 1740.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable his Majesty to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn; and other Provisions, out of Great Britain, Ireland, and his Majesty’s Colonies «nd Plantations in America, is committed.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty Supply- Bin t>y a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Land Tax. Service of the Year 1741, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty b. a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1741.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Fazakerlcy presented to the House, according to Law

Order, a Bill to amend the Law concerning Common concerning^ Recoveries; and to explain and amend an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, ec#Veries' intituled, An Act for Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries, so far as the same relates to Estates pour autre Vie: And the same w'as received; and read the First time.

Resolved, ..... the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Petition of the Gefttlemen, Merchants, principal Selby, -Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Leeds, in the RiaJ-West Riding of the County of York, and the Towns adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; f-tfing forth, That the Road leading from the Town of Selby, in the same Riding, to the said Town of Leeds, and from thence to the Towns of Bradford and Halifax, in the said Riding, by reason of the many heavy Carriages pairing through the lame, it being the greateft and most frequented Road for the Carriage of the Woollen Manufactures, Wool, dying Wares, Corn, and other Commodities, made and consumed in that populous and trading Part of the Country, is become very deep, and, in the Winter Season, dangerous to Passengers; and that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes through which the said Road leads cannot, by the Laws now in being for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, effectually repair the said Road: And praying. That Leatft may

be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road aforesaid, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen; and Burgesses, Ealand to of the Borough of Leeds, in the County of was Leeds lloa«i.

presented to the House; and road; setting forth, That the Highway leading from Ealand to Leeds, in the said County, being the great Road from t he Ci ty of Chester, and from Liverpoole, Warrington, ManchejlRochdale, and otherTownsitttheCounty of Z-ana/^er, to Leedf aforesaid, for many Years lal't pad, and especially since the amending the Highway from Rochdale aforesaid to IHuland aforesaid, pursuant to a late Act of Parliament for that Purpose, hath been and is very ruinous, and many Pa/ts thereof so deep in Winter Seasons, that the same is irn-passable for Wheel Carriages, and very dangerous for

7 D Travellers,

5g2 15" Decembris. A. 1740.

Traveller to pass along the same; that the Inhabitants and Oca piers of Lands in the several Parishes and Town-ships in which the Highway from Ealand to Leeds lies, have, for several Years part, been at great Expence in repairing the fame; but that, by reason of the late great Increase of the Woollen Manufactures in and about Rochdale, and in the Parishes adjacent, as well to the said amended Highway, as to the said Highway from Ealand to Leeds, which Manufactures are brought down to the Place la.ll mentioned, and thence conveyed by Water abroad, such Expences have been insufficient to amend the same Highway; and that the same Highway, by virtue of the Laws now in being for amending the Highways of this Kingdom, cannot be sufficiently repaired: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better and more effectual repairing the said Highway from Ealand to in such

manner as to this House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to fha Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Mr. Yorke,

Mr. Turner, Sir James Grant, Mr. Walker, Mr. Butler, Mr. Lejlie, Mr. Chelnynd, Mr. Rutherford, Dr. , Mr. S/bthorpe, Lord Barrington, Mr. Mr.

Fall, Mr. Hear. Fox, Mr. Stephen Fox, Mr. Clarke, Sir John Peachy, M r.Scaioen, Mr, Careio, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Geo.Fox, Sir Isham, Sir Gee.

Cafwell, Dr. Cotes, Sir Hugh Smithson, Sir m. Loiother, Mr. Maijler, Mr. OJbaldeston, Sir James Loiother, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Sir Joseph Penning-

ton, Mr. Braffey; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lancaster, and And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Answer Air. Comptroller reported to the House, That their to Address. ^ddrefs of Friday last. That, for the present and future Ease of his Majesty’s Suhjects, he would be graciously pleased to employ in the Army such Persons as now remain upon Half-pay who are qualified to serve his Majesty, had been presented to his Majesty: To which his Majesty was pleased to return this Answer.

I shall always have a due Regard for my Half-pay Officers, and employ such of them as are properly qualified for the Service.

Driffield Sir MilesSla/njlton presented to the House, according luclufure. to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain open Fields, Pallures, and Commons, in the Townships of Great Driffield and Little Driffield, in the County of York;and for settling certain yearly Payments to the Prebendary of Driffield, for the Time being, in lieu of his Tythes, pursuant to an Agreement, and an Award, -made for those Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Brinckman’s A Bill for naturalizing John Richard Brinckman Esquire, was read a Second time.

Rejblvcd, That the Bill be committed to Air.

Jhy, M r. Tracy, Mr. Whit worth. Lord Beauclerk, Mr. Trcby, Mr. Sellcyn, Mr. Williams, Mr.

Mr. Longueville, Mr. Braffey, Mr. Turner, Mr. Harvey, Sir Charles Gilmour, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Mr.

Walker, Mr. Keene, Mr. Abercrombie, Sir Robert Monro, Mr. Brereton, Lord H. Beauclerk, Sir Robert Brigadier Sinclair, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Maide, Mr. Clavering, Mr. Fane, Sir Miles Slapylton, Mr.

Mr. Gore, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Yorke, Air. , Mr.

Trefujis, Mr. Kinajion, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Lejlie, Sir

Edmund I/ham, Mr. Compton, Dr. Butler, Mr. Knight, Mr. Medlyiott, Mr. Fall, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Fox, Sir John Ilealhcote, Mr. Lyttldon, Air.

Sibthorpe, Mr. Waller i And they a;‘e to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Parishes Kenfingtoo, of Kensington, Chelsea, and St. George, Hanover Square, in &c- Roads. the Connt y of Middlesex,whose Names are thereunto iiib-feribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Road from the Bell at Brumptbn to the End of Sehooood's Lane, leading from the Queen's Elm, and from the End of ILgmoreLane to the Manorlloufe at Earl's Court, and from thence through Earl's Court Lane into the great Welteru Road, and the Lane called Church Lane, in the said Parish of Kensington; and the Lane leading from the Nagg'sHead in the said Road, between the Bell near Brumptonand Queen's Elm, through Black Lunds to Chelsea College, in the said Parish of Chelsea; and also the Lane, commonly called Tyburn June, leading from the great Weltern Road, near Hyde Park Corner, to the great Oxford Road, in

the said Parish of St. George Hanover Square-, are all become so very had, that the fa ne, in the Winter-sea-son, are almost impassable for Wheel.Carriages, andcun-not, by the ordinary course appointed by the Laws now in being for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, be sufficiently amended, and kept in Repair: And, in regard Application is made by Petition to this House, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an A passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Firli, for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, Chelsea, and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, praying, TliatProvision may be made in the said Bill for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads and Lanes aforesaid, or that the Petitioners may have such oilier Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto fuble: ibed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, Chelsea, and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Miltdlesex,in behalf of themselves, and of the In-

habitants of the said several Parishes, is referred: And that they do examine the Afatter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That Air. Hooper, Mr. Harris, Mr. Rolle,

Mr. Henr. Archer, Mr. Shcpheard, Mr. Ord, Mr. South-ivell, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Taylor, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Scaioen, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Pollen, Sir A/onoux, Mr. Dtimer. Air. Ashe, Mr. Bladen, Sir Robert Clifton, A1 . Cornea all, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Hticks. Colonel Mordaunt, Mr. Otjlow, Lord Air.

Arfcott, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Archer, Mr. Portman, Air.

Bromley, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Hume Campbell, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Air Speke, Mr. John Finch, Sir James I.010-ther. Sir Thomas Hobby, Mr. BoMr. St. John, Mr. Pent on, Mr. Kent, Mr. Bayly, Lord Chefuynd, Mr.

James Corneioall, Mr. Gulston, Air. llenlcy. Sir William Irby, Mr. Neale, Mr. Stert, Mr. Boone, be added to the I5id Committee.

Air. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Ways the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- and Means, ferred to consider further of Ways and Aleansforraifing the 'Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Rejoli'cd, That it is die Opinion of this Committee,

Tliqt, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Duties on Alafe, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which by an Act of Parliament, of 1 he Thirteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June 1741, be further continued; and charged Upon all Malt which shall be made; and all Mum which shall be made

or

’r' . ’

14 Geo. II.

15° — 16° D

5*3

or imported, and nil Cyder and Perry which shall be made, for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June 1741, to the 24th Day of June 1742.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Mr. Chancellor

of the Exchequer, the Lord Sundon, Mr. Mr.

Earle, Mr. Treby, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Scrope, and Mr. Stephen do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

t*ri?ilege. The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the adjourned Debate of Friday last, upon the Question then proposed.That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do carry John Mnow in his Custody, to the Lord Chief Justice of his Majesty’s Court of King's Bench, or to any other Justice of the said Court, to give sufficient Security to appear, on the First Day of the next Term, in the said Court, in order to be forth-coming, to answer the Prosecution which this House has addressed his Majesty to give Directions to his Attorney General to carry on against the said John Meres, for having printed the Paper, intituled/* The Daily Post," dated Monday, December 1, 1740, which Paper this House has resolved to contain a malicious and scandalous Libel, highly and most injuriously refledling upon a just and wife Act of his Majesty’s Government, and the

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr FrancisFane reported from the Committee, That

they had made a further Progress in the Bill: And that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, To morrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

And then the House adjourned till To-morrow1 Morning, Niue of the Clock.

Martha 160 die Decembris j

Anno 14* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1740; Prayers.

PETITION of several of the Inhabitants of the

A

Town of Uxbridge, in the County of whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was prefeuted to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Road and Lane leading from Brent over Part of

through the Parislies of

roceedings of both Houses of Parliament, and tending and Ealing, to the greatW eftern Road, containing

to create Jealonfies and Discontent in the Minds of his in Length about a Mile and a Half, is a publick High- Majesty’s Subjects; and when he hath given such Secu- way, and much frequented by heavy Carriages passing rity. That he' be discharged out of the Cut tody of the from the Town of Uxbridge and other Northern Parts

said Serjeant, paying his Fees;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting, after the Word " do," and before the Word " carry," these Words, " upon Notice thereof being given to Mr. Attorney General

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the Question, so amended, being put. That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, upon Notice thereof being given to Mr. Attorney General, carry John Meres, now in his Custody, to the Lord Chief Justice of his Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, or to any other Justice of the said Court, to give sufficient Security to appear on the First Day of the next Term in the said bridge, in the County of , praying, That Pro-

Court, in order to be forth-coming, to answer the Prose- vision may be made in the said Bill for repairing the

the Petitioners may

Court, in order to be forth-coming, to answer the Prose cution which this House has addressed his Majesty to give Directions to his Attorney General to carry on againii the said JohnMeres, for having printed the Paper, intituled, " The Daily Post," dated Monday, December 1, 1740, which Paper this House has resolved to contain a malicious and scandalous Libel, highly and most injuriously refitting upon a just and wile Act of his Majesty’s Government, and the Proceedings of both Houses of Parliament, and tending to create Jealousies and Dif-

Supply.

Tyburn to Uxbridiro Road.

of the said County, and from the County of for the Conveying of Corn, Meal, and Timber, to the Wharfs on the River Thames, and bringing back great Quantities of Corn, Coals, Fir, Timber, and other heavy Goods, for the Ule of that Part of the Country; by means whereof the same is become very bad, and dangerous to Passengers in the Winter Season: And therefore, and ini regard a Petition has been prest nted to this House, praying Leave to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and given by Two Acts of Parliament, one of the First and the other of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and r-

content in the Minds of his Majesty’s Subjects; and when he hath given such Sccurjty, that. h£ be discharged qut of the Custody of the said Serjeant, paying his Fees; shall appear to them, to the House. The House divided

Road and Lane aforesaid, or that have such other Relief as to this House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, one of the First and the other of the Twelfth Year of U14 Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for { Mr. B apt if the Y eas, i M r. EclivarKynaston:

Tellers for ( Colonel the Noes, - j Mr. M

So it passed in the Negative.

93-

151.

Exportation

Corn.

The House, according to Order, resolved itfelfinto a

Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to enable his Majesty to prohibit, for aTime to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, and other Provisions, out of Great Britain, Ireland, and his Majesty s Colonies and Plantations in America,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr- Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee. You 21.

A Petition of the Prisoners in his Majesty’s Prison of the Marshalsea, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands confined for Debt in the several Prisons in this Kingdom; and also,

A Petition of the Debtors in the Sheriff’s Prison for the County of Surry;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

And 1 he said Petitions were federally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Francis Fane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill Ibr continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cvder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain

Duties

Debtor*

Petition-

Supply Bill; Duties on Malt.

(> refer re:v Mg to

Exportation of Corn.

Kensington* fcc. Roads.

54 16 — 17°

Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part, of Great Britain called Scotland-, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-one: And the same was received; and read the First time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Justices of the Peace for the Cities of London and Westminster do take care that the Scavengers keep the Passages through the Streets open, and free from all Nuisances whatsoever, that there be no Obstruction to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Justices aforesaid.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to enable his Majesty to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, and other Provisions, out of Great Britain, Ireland, and his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America.

Mr. Speaker loft the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refnmed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, i y° die;

Anno 14* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1740. Prayers.

MR. Pulteney reported from the Committee to whom

the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act

for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Chelsea, and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex, in behalf of themselves, and of the Inhabitants of the said several Parishes; and also the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Kensington, Chelsea, and St. George Hanover Square, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s 'Fable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition,

The Petitioners produced the Act of Parliament, made in the 12th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, mentioned in their Petition; whereby it appeared, That several Tolls and Duties were granted, and made payable, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, commencing the ill Day of June 1726, for repairing and amending the said Roads.

Then Mr Roger Gay thor tie, Treasurer to the Trustees,

and Mr. John AJklon, Surveyor of the said Roads, being

severally examined, said. That, at the Time the said Act passed, the Roads before mentioned were in a ruinous Condition, and, in many Parts thereof, in the Winter Season, dangerous to Palfeugers: And Mr. Gaychorne further said, That the said Road being so very bad, both at and since the Commencement of the said Act, the 20

Decembris. A. 1740.

Trustees, in order to make the same palfable, were obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money; and that there is a Debt of £.6,500 remaining due on the Credit of the said Act.

And the Witnesses further said. That, since the Commencement of the said Act, there hath been £.3,711, or thereabouts, expended in paving several Parts of the said Road; particularly at Hay and James Street, and in Kensington Town.

And they added, That the Money borrowed, together with the Tolls and Duties collected by virtue of the said Act, had been duly applied towards repairing the said Roads, and that great Progress hath been made therein j but, by reason of the excessive Weights and Carriages continually passing, the Roads cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, for the Accommodation of Travellers, and the Money remaining due, with the Interest thereof, be repaid, unless the Term, Tolls, and Powers, by the former Act granted, be enlarged and continued, and the said Act made more effectual.

In order to prove the Allegations of the other Petition^ the Petitioners called Mr. Richard Osgood: Who, being examined, said. That the Road leading from the Re// at Brumpton to the End of Sehvood's Lane, hading to the Queen's Elm, and from the End of Lane so the

Manor House in Earl's Court, and from thence through

Earl's Court Lane into the great Western Road, in the Parish of Kensington, is a publick Highway, and in a very ruinous Condition, and impoftibleto be repaired by the ordinary course of Law: That he apprehends the reason of such Decay to be, the great Number of heavy Carriages, loaden with Gravel, continually passing through the fame, to amend the Roads directed to be repaired by the before-mentioned Act: And further. That the Farmers and Gardeners, who live near that Road, will be unable, in the Winter Season, to carry the Produce of their respective Grounds to Market, unless the same be amended.

William Morice Esquire, being examined, said. That the Lane called Church Lane, in the Parish of Kensington, leading from the great Western Road into the Oxford Road, is about Haifa Mile in Length; and great Numbers of Coaches, Waggons, and other heavy Carriages, frequently pass through the fame, whereby the said Lane is become very ruinous: That many Coaches have been overturned, and the Inhabitants often threatened to be indicted for the Badness of the said Wav; which cannot, by the Laws now in being, be amended, and kept in Repair, so that Travellers may pass and repass through the same with Safety.

Mr. Upton,being examined, said. That the Road

leading from the Nagg's Head, in the Road between the Bell near Brumpton and Queen's Elm, through Black Lands, to Chelsea College, in the Parish of Chelsea, about Three Furlongs and Sixteen Perches in Length, is much frequented, and in a very ruinous Condition, notwithstanding the voluntary Contributions of several Gentlemen, in order to repair the fame.

Mr. Simon Parry, being examined, said. That the Lane commonly Called Tyburn Lane, leading from the great Western Road, near Hyde Park Corner, to the great Oxford Road, in the Parish of St. George Hanover Square, is an antient Road; but is become so ruinous, that, in the Winter Season, it is almost impaQable for Carts and Carriages, and cannot, by the Laws now in being, be amended, and kept in Repair, for Coaches and other Carriages to pass through the same with Safety.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the iath Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, and Fulham,

and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; and for repairing feme other Roads in the Parish of St.George, HanoverSquare, and the said Parishes of Kensington, and Chelsea: And that Mr.

-ULv,

i4 Geo. II.

17® — 18® Decembris.

565

Supply Bill; Duties on Malt*

Sandys, and Sir Hugh Smithson,do prepare, and bring Petition has been presented to the House, praying, That in, the fame. Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to allow raw Silk,

and other the Commodities,of the Growth and Produce of A Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, the Empire of to be imported from,) obtaih

Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called what they apply for, the Petitioners the Governor and England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Dut ies Company of Merchants of trading to the

upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Seas will be greatly prejudiced thereby: And therefore Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the praying. That they may be heard what they have to

Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-one; was read a Second time.

Befolicd, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

offer, in answer to what is alleged in the said Petition of the said Fellowship of English Merchants for Discovery of new Trades, commonly called the Company.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Petition of the Fellowship of English Merchants for Discovery of new Trades, commonly called the Russia Company, is referred: And that the

Brinckman’s

Nat.

Petitioners be heard, by themselves, if they think fit, Mr. Lindefayreported from the Committee, to whom before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of

the Bill for naturalizing John Richard Brinckman Esquire, their said Petition.

Debtors

Petition.

was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and lound the same to be true; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors in his Majesty’s Prison of Reading, in the County of Berks, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands confined in the several

Hotter

imported.

Debtor*

Petition.

Supply.

Buffi* Company’* Trade to Persia.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 18° die Decembris;

Anno 14° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1740.

P R A Y B R S.

Prisonsof this Kingdom, was presented to the House, \ MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and

and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Butter imported into the Port of London for Seven Years, ending at Lady-day last; distinguishing each Year; from what Port or Place, and in what Ships, the same was imported.

A Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply- Sill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to Land Tt be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-one, without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John De Pejlers Esquire, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

De Pefter®! Mat.

Exportation of Corn.

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in his Majesty’s Gaol in Newcastle upon Tyne was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to enable his Majesty to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, and other Provisions, out of Great Britain, Ireland, and his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, trney General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Richard Brinckmaa’s Brinckman Esquire, was read the Third time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John Richard Brinckman Esquire.

Ordered, That Mr. Lindefay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for regulating Tryals at Nisi Prius, and for the Regulating more effectual summoning of Special Juries, was read a Trial* at Second time. Nisi Priua*

Resolved, That the Bilf be cofnmitted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Month, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Increatfe of the Encouragement and Incredfe of Seamen, and for the Seamen, *c* better and speedier Manning his Majesty’s Fleet: And that Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Clutterhucke, and Mr. At-

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of in the room of William Rawlinson Earle Esquire; who, fmee his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted

Ordered, That Sir William Jolliffe have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock:

And he moved accordingly;

And presented to the House a Petition of the Go- the Office of Clerk of his Majesty’s Ordnance, vemorand Company of Merchants of England trad ing to the levant Seas; which was read; alleging, Th’at, should the Fellowffiipof Eng lift Merchants for Discovery of new Trades, commonly called the Russia Company (whose Vo*. 2$,

Malmesbury

Writ.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto fhbscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Undertakers, appointed by virtue of an Act of Pari ia-

7 E ment.

Dee

Navigation.

£65 18 ° Decembris. 1740.

tnent, passed in the Sixth Year of his Maje-fiy’s Reign, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-intituled, An Act to recover and preserve the Navigation sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine of the River Dee,in the County Palatine of Che/ter,was the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall presented to the House, and read; felting forth, That appear to them, to the House:

the said Undertakers having raised among themselves And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Bathurfi., Mr.

£.47,130 to carry on the said Undertaking, they have, Tracy, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Mr. Piers,

outofthatSum.madeaDepofitof £. 10,000 as prescri bed Mr. Mr. Mr. Tvwnjhend, Sir John

by the said Act, for answering the Damages therein spe- Turner, SivH. Lyddell, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Hooper, cified; and have laid out the Remainder in cutting and Mr. Mr. Sir John Ileuthcote, Mr.

perfecting a new Chanel for the said River, near Ten Alderman Mr. Mr. Mr.

Miles in Length; and making proper Dams and Sluices, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Walfwle, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Pltimer, and turning the said River into the said new Chanel, and Mr. Bowles, Mr. Mr. JKynafton, Mr. Turner,

other Works, for recovering the said Navigation; and Lord S. Beauclerk, Mr. Mr. Pelham, Mr.

have thereby made the River Dee navigable; by meaus Mr. Legg, Captain Mr. Thomas -

whereof Ships and Vessels of considerable Burthen have ham; and all the Members who fervefor the Connties of for some time, and do now come and go to and from the 'oucester and Wilts: And they are to meet this After-Quay of the City of Chester, loaded with Goods and Mer- noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: chandize: and the said Undertakers, finding themselves And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and under a Necelfity to raise a further Sum for preserving Records, the said Works, and carrying on the said Undertaking in

.the most effectual manner, have agreed to raise amongst themselves £.4,170 more, which will make the whole Sum £.52,000; and finding it necessary to apply for an Act of Parliament, for uniting them into a Company, with a joint Stock of £. 52,000 and proper Powers for their Government; therefore praying, That the House will give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for uniting the Undertakers of the said Navigation of the River Dee into a Company, in such manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Dial! appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Colonel Mr. Secre-

tary at War, Mr. WinningtonMr. Hear. Fox, Mr. Air. Brereton, Mr. Hay, Captain Trefujis, Sir Geo. Wynne, Mr. Philip/on, Mr. Revel, Mr. Younge, Mr.

1 Watts, M r. Richard Plumer, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, M r.

John Wynne, Mr. Horfmonden Turner, Mr. longueville. Sir James Grant, Mr. Mr. Eyles, Mr. Archer,

Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Thomas Hales, Mr.

Cornewall, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Olmius$ Mr. Clayton, Mr. Harley, Sir A hr. Elton, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Hume Campbell, Lord Limerick, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Slert, Mr. Kynaston, Xlr. Talbot, Mr. Edgcumbe, Sir Wm. Courtenay, Sir Joseph Pennington, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir William Corbet, Mr. Bajfet, Sir John IT. Cotton, Mr. Jeiokes, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Selicyn, Sir GroJ-

venor , Mr. Walker, S\c Mr. Plumer; and

all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cliester, Lancaster, and North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

Cloucester A Petition of the Mayor and Corporation of the City Water of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; set-Company. ting forth, That the said City having of late Years become very populous, the Inhabitants thereof are subject to many Inconveniencies, for want of being supplied with a sufficient Quantity of good and pure Water, for their, necessary Occasions; and that there are certain 'fresh Springs, on or near a Hill called Matjlons Hill, otherwise Robin Hood's Hill, about a Mile and a Half distant

\ from the said City, from whence good and pure Water

may be conveyed to the said City for the Use of the Inhabitants thereof; but that the same cannot be effected, unless the Petitioners were enabled by Parliament to contract with Persons willing to engage in such Undertaking; with proper Powers for completing the fame: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better supplying the said City vkithWater, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem reasonable.

A Bill to amend the Law concerning common Reco- Law* veries, and to explain and amend an Act made in the cooc«rning Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries, so far as the same relates to Estates pour autre Jrie, was read, in Part, a Second time.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, B°yal Aireot Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: \ to

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend, his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty: Andbeingreturned, Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to One publick and to One private Bill; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-one:

An Act for naturalizing John De Pejlers Esquire.

Then the rest of the Bill to amend the Law concerning £awj common Recoveries, and to explain and amend an Act, concerning made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King common Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Prevention of Recoveriet-Frauds and Perjuries, so far as the same relates to Estates pour autre Vie, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Month, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, Xhat the Reverend DoCtor Hutton Dr. Holton

be desired to preach before this House, at Margaret's, tu preach on Westminster, upon Friday the 30th Day of January next: 30th ^4a'

And that Mr. Yorke, Mr. Cholmley Turner, and Mr.

OJbaldeston, do acquaint him therewith.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Tradft# resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to persia consider of the Petition of the Fellowship of through

Merchants, for Discovery of new Trades, commonly called the Rujjia Company;

Ordered, That the Copy of a Paper relating to the Opening of a Trade through Russia to Persia, marked A, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Paper relating to the Opening of a Trade through Russia to Persia, marked B, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Report of the Board of Trade, upon the Papers relating to the Opening of a Trade through Rujjiato Persia, be referred to the said Coiomittee,

Ordered,

14 Geo. II. i8°- — 190

Ordered, That the Translation of the Treaty of Commerce, between his Majesty and lier CzariJIi Majesty, concluded at Petersburgh,2 Decernb. 1734, which was presented to this House upon the 24th Day of March 1735. be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Perry took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Perry reported from the Committee, That they had heard several of the said Petitioners, and some Evidence in Support of the Allegations of the said Petition; and had also heard several of the Petitioners upon the Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England, trading to the Levant Seas, in Answer to what is alleged in the said Petition of the Fellowship of English Merchants, for Discovery of new Trades, commonly called the Company: And had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1eneris, 190 die Decembris;

Anno 14* Georgii Ildi Regis, 1740.

P11A Y e r s.

Surplufes. "\/f R- Scropepresented to the House, pursuant to -i-»A their Address to his Majesty, Surplufes, Hated at Lady Day 1740; And also,

Surplufes dated at Michaelmas 1740.

And the Titles of the said Surplufes were read. Ordered, That the said Surplufes do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Tii« said Surplufes are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Sevenoaks Mr. Polhillreported from the Committee, to whom

Roads. the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution the Acts of Parliament, one of the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Highways leading from Sevenoaks to and in the County of Kent, and the other of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term granted by the said Act, and for explaining and making the same more effectual; and for amending the Highways leading from WooaJ'gate to Kippings Croft, in the Parish of Brenchley, in the said County; and also of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and other Persons, living in, near, and usually travelling through, the Roads leading from Kippings CroCs aforesaid, to Lamberhu and Pullen's Hill, in the said County, and to a Pi ace called , in the

Parish of Tycehurst, in t he County of was referred,

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Petitioners produced the Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen mentioned in

their Petition; whereby it appeared, that certain Tolls and Duties were granted for repairing the said Roads, for the Term of Fifteen Years, to commence from the 24th Day of June 1710; and also the Act made in the 1 ith Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, mentioned likewise in the Petition, for explaining, and making the same more efl'eftual; and for amending fe-Vol. 23.

Decembris. S61

veral other Roads therein described; whereby the Tolls and Duties, granted by the first-mentioned Act, were further continued, from the 24th Day of June 1725, for the Term of Twenty-one Years.

Then an Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Money collected by the said Tolls, was laid before the Committee, and proved; whereby it appeared, that £.5,047. 4?. id. had been raised by the Tolls, between the 14th of October j 725, and the 5th of December 1740; and also, that the Sum of £.180 had been borrowed by the Trustees, upon the Credit of the said Acts, which Sums together amounted to£.5,227. 4s. id. and it further appeared, by the said Account, that the Disbursements, upon account of the Repairs, and other necessary Charges, during the said Time, amounted to £.5,554. 14?. ojd.; so that there is now due, on the Credit of the said Tolls,

£.507. los.^d.

Then Mr. William Morland, and Mr. FrancisAujlen, being severally examined, said. That, although the Tolls collected, and the Money borrowed on the Credit of the before-mentioned Acts, have been duly applied, according to the Directions thereof, yet many Parts of the said Roads are in a ruinous and dangerous Condition; and cannot be completed, and made commodious,unless the Term and Powers, by the said former Acts, be enlarged, and the said Acts made more effectual.

And the said Mr Morland,being examined, as to the

Condition of the Roads leading from Kippings Croft to Lamberhurts and Pullen's Hill, in the said County of and to Flimwell Vent, in the Parish of Tycehurst, in the County of Suffer, said, They are info ruinous a Condition, that he has 1‘een 11 or 12 Horses put to Carriages, in order to get them through the said Roads; and further.

That neither the Statute-work, nor Five Shillings in the Pound, if raiseil, would be sufficient to keep the said Road in Repair; and it also appeared to the Committee, that about Novemberlaft, a Gentleman’s Coach, drawn bySix very good Horses, was obliged to go Three Miles about, through the Fields, to avoid the Danger of the said Roads; and that the same cannot be repaired, and made fit for Travellers, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers, granted by Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Highways leading from Sevenoaks to Woodj'gateandTunbridge fVeils,in the County of Kent-, and the other of th® Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term granted by th® said Act; and for explaining, and making the same more effectual, and for amending the Highways leading frott*-Woodjgate to Kippings Cro/s; and for repairing the

Roads from thence to LamberhurjtPound and Pullen & Hill, in the said County, and to Flimwell , in the County of Suffer: And that Mr. Polhill, Mr.

Mr. Thomas Pelham junior, and Mr. , do pre"

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Hugh Smithson reported from the Committee, to . whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed toput inExecutionTwo Acts of Parliament, one of the First, and the other of the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways between and Uxbridge,in the County of anti also the

Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Town of Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, whose Nantes are thereunto subscribed; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in h*s> Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk. :* rl able; Where the same w’as read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First Petition, an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late King George the First, for repairing and amending the Highways between Tyburn and . in the County of Middlesex; and also an Act, passed in the 12th Year

of


568

19® Decembris.

A. 1740.

of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for enlarging the Term grauted by the aforesaid Act , and for making the same more effectual, were read , by whicli it appeared to the Committee, that several Tolls and Duties were granted,'continued, and made payable, for repairing the Iligh-

ments, in the several Parishes and Town ships through which the same Way lies, between Dcncaster and brookcaforesaid,have been yearly at very great Expences in the Amendment of the said Road; and that, by virtue of the Laws now in being for repairing publick Roads,

ways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of the same cannot be fufliciently repaired: And praying.

Middlesex-, and that no newTrustee or Trustees can be appointed until the Number of those mentioned in the said Acts is reduced to Twenty; Eleven of Whom must be present at any Appointment, of such new Trustees. Then Mr. Hayward, being examined, said, That the

That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for the better and more effectual repairing and amending the said Highway, from Doncaster to Sallerjbrooke aforesaid, in such manner as to the House l’halt feern meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Tolls and Duties, granted by the aforesaid Acts, are now Consideration of a Committee: And that they doexa-

mortgaged for 1,500, the annual Interest of which Sum, and the necessary annual Expence of repairing the said Highways, amount to very near the annual Revenue of the said Tolls and Duties; there now remaining only £.32 16s, 9 d.towards paying off the said Mortgage; so that the same cannot be discharged, and the

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Miles Mr.

Turner, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Geo. Fox, Mr. Sir

Charles Vernon, M r. Mure, Mr. Edgcumbt, Mr Sir Wm. Courtenay, Mr. FoMr. Shuttlexcorth, Mr.

Highways kept in good Repair, without the further Aid Berkeley, Mr. Rolle, Mr. OJbaldeston, Sir Joseph Pen r" ' Mr. Pitt, Mr. Southwell, Lord Baltimore, Sir

John Barnard, Mr. Walker, Mr. Cornewall, Mr.

General Wade, Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr. Wort ley, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Mr. Robinfov,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Sandys, Sir Hugh Mr.

of Parliament.

That the Number of nominal Trustees is now reduced to about Thirty; and it is with much Difficulty they can get a Meeting of Five, the Number appointed for executing the Powers granted by the said Acts,

To prove the Allegations of the other Petition, the Mr. , Mr. Chohnondetey, Mr. Plumptre, Colonel

Agent for the Petitioners called James Clitherow Esquire,

William Morrice, Esquire, and Mr. Hayward-, who fe-

verally said, That the said Road and Lane, leading from Brent Bridge over Hamveil Heath, through the Parishes of Hamoell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the great Western Road, is in a very ruinous Condition, and foils. Papers, and Records, dangerous to Passengers, in the Winter Season; occa-honed by many heavy Carriages frequently passing on the fame, from Uxbridge, in the Counry of Middlesex, and other Northern Parts of the said County; and from the County of Bucks, to the Wharfson the River Thames, ioaden with Corn, Meal, and Timber, and returning with Coals, Fir Timber, and other heavy Goods.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BilJior

Ingram, Mr. Walts, Mr. Mr. Stephenjbn,

Colonel Norton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Per-

Ordered, That Mr. Trefufis have Leave to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

Leave of Absence.

A Petition of George Venables Vernon Esquire, Patron of the Vicarage of the Parish Church of in the County Palatine of Chester, Robert Clerk, Endowment.

Vicar of the said Parish Church, James Clerk,

Nether

Knutsford

enlarging the Term and Powers granted and given by Minister or Curate of the Parochial Chapel of Nether

Two Acts of Parliament, one of the First, and the other of the Twelfth, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of

and for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge, over Hamcell Heath, through the Parities of

Neic, Brentford, and Ealing, to the great Western Road, in

Knutsford, within the Parish of aforesaid, John

Chetham, John Skellorn, Samuel and Edward

Fallozves, Chapel-wardens of the said Parochial Chapel, and the principal Freeholders and Inhabitants of the several Townships or Hamlets of Nether Knutsford, Over Knutsford, Ollerton, Toft, and Bex ton, in the Parish of Rojlhernaforesaid, whose Names are thereunto sub-

the said County: And that Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Sandys, scribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting

and Mr. Pulleney, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

forth, That the Appropriators of the Rectory, the Patron

of the Vicarage, and the Viqar of the Parish Church of Rojlhern, the Minister and Chapel-wardens of the Parochial Chapel of Nether Knutsford, and the Lords of the several Manors of Nether Knutsford, Over Knuls-

DoncaAer to A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Freeholders,

Saher/hrooke j?armers> and Inhabitants, of the Town and Neighbour-

oa *' hood of Doncaster, in the County of York, and of the

Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of ford, Ollerton, Toft, and Bexton, and the principal Freer the Town and Neighbourhood of Barn fry, in the said holders and Inhabitants within the District of the said County of York, was presented to the House, and read; are willing and delirous, that the said Chapel-

setting forth, That the Highway leading from Done after ry may be made and Distinct Parish from

to Manchester is a great and publick Highway, and mo the rest of the of Rtf hern, to comprise and confili

convenient for conveying Goods from the Eadern to the of the several Manors, Townships, or Hamlets, of Nether Western Seas; that Part thereof, by virtue of ah Aflof Knutsford, Oliar Ion, Toft, and Bexton,

Parliament, made in the Fifth Year of his present Ma- aforesaid, and all the Lands and Grounds lying within jesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and amend- the fame; and that a new Church may be erected at the ing the Road leading from the Town of Manchester, in Expence of the Inhabitants of the* said Chapelry, at a the County Palatine of Lancaster, through the Town of convenient Place within the said Dili licit; and Ashton under Line, and the Parish of Mottram Longden- tent Provision made for the Maintenance and Support date, and from thence to Salterjbrooke,in the County of the Minifierof such new Church, for the Time beings Palatine of Chester, has been very well repaired;but the and that the to the said new

other Part of the said Road, from Salterjbrooke to Don- Church may be settled and establillied; and have pro-caj/er aforesaid, containing by Computation Twenty-two posed, that the ancient Building, where Divine Service Miles, has, for several Years lad pad, been excessive is ijow performed, and the ancient publick School,

bad, and is now dangerous for his Majesty’s Subjects to travel with their Coaches, Carriages, and Horses; one Part thereof from Salterjbrooke to containing

Six Miles, being Moor and Heath, and wanting numbers of Inhabitants to repair the; and the other Part,

from thence to Doncaster, made ruinous, by reason of the many heavy Carriages pading thereon} and that the Freeholders, Farmers, and Occupiers of Lands and Tene-

tHereto adjoining, may be pulled down, and a new School

erq^led in the place thereof, ihe Expence of the Inhabitants of Nether Ktin fjord aforesaid; but, as this Design cannot be effected without the Aid of an Act of Parliament, praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee -, And that they do examine

the

i4 Geo. II,

19° Decembris.

569

the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr.

Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Owen, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Balk, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Prowse, Mr. C Mr. Legge, Captain

bendary of Driffield, for the Time being, in lieu of his Tythes, pursuant to an Agreement and an Award made for those Purposes; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Gil I be committed to Sir Miles Stapyllom, Mr. Ojbaldefton, Mr. Colonel Ingrain,

Trefufis, Mr. Bayly, Mr. O/baldeston, Mr. Bathurff, Sir Mr. Sandys, Mr Mr. Pelham, Mr.

Kensington, &c. Roads.

Hugh Smithson, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Mr.

Sir Wm. Yonge, Lord A. Bcauckrk, Co\one\Cholmondeley, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Richard Plymer, Mr. Wm.

Mr. Ashby, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Southwell, Sir Wm. Courtenay; and all the Members whoserve for the

Counties of Chester, Lancaster, Salop, Oxford,

and North Wales: And they are to meet this After-. noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Pulteney presented to the House, according to

Fox, Mr. Hay, Lord Gage, Sir Joseph Pennington, Mr. Delme, Mr. Bathurfi, Mr.

Mr. Hilton, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Doddington, Lord Baltimore, Sir Jolliffc, Mr. Fazakerley, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Chester, Mr. Moore, Mr. Drumond, Mr. Jewkes, Mr. Archer, Mr. Rnbinfon, Sir Henr. Northcote, Sir Charles Vernon, Mr. Harris, Lord Sir Dashwood, Mr. Fane, Mr.

Mr. Scawen, Mr. Mr. Mr. Conolly,

Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Gibbon, Mr. Mr. Watson.

Sir Wm. Corbet, Mr. Fox, Mr. Vane, Sir Thomas Lee, Lord Tyrconnel, Mr. Mr. Walker, Sir Wm.

Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted Heathcotc, Mr. Manfel, Mr. Legge, Sir Geo.;

by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, Chelsea, and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the county of ; and for repairing

* forae other Roads in the Parish of George Hanover Square, and the said Parishes of Kensington and Chelsea: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, That One of the Sheriffs foaU^Debts. City of London attended at the Door;

He wap called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House a Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then he withdrew.

And the Petition was read; setting forth. That by an Act of Parliament, made in the Third Year of the Reign deration upon Three Weeks.

and all the Members who serve for the County of York.

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Exportation the Committee of the whole House, to whom the l^ill of Corn, to enable his Majesty to prohibit, for a Tim? to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, and other Provisions, out of Great Britain, Ireland, and his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confi-

of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the Recovering of small Debts, and for the Relieving of poor Debtors in London, all Tradesmen, Victualers, and labouring Men, are amenable to the Court of Requefis, commonly called the Court of Conscience, at Guildhall, of the said City, for the Recovery of small Debts, under the Value of Forty Shillings; which, being so confined, great Inconveniencies have arisen, and do daily arise,by many Persons, who, pretending not to come within the Description of the said Act, do avoid the Authority of that Court, to the great Detriment of the poor Suitors, for whose Relief and Advantage the said Court'was ori ginally instituted; and that the Commissioners, who fit as Judges in that Court, have often been insulted in the Execution of their Office, for want of a sufficient Power to preserve the Authority and Dignity of the Court, by punching Offenders of that Kind: And that by the said Act there is but One Beadle or Officer allowed to the said Court; who not being able to discharge all the Business thereof, the poor Suitors are thereby deprived of a great

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, upon Recovery of the Debate of the House, for the more easy Recovery of flna^ DeVu. small Debts: And that Mr. Carew, Mr. Prowse, Mr.

Secretary at War, Mr. Henry Fox, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Winnington, and Mr. Hay, , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Alderman Perry, according to Order, reported Russia Ctm-from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the panyp Petition of the Fellowship of English Merchants, for Dif- e *’ covery of new Trades, commonly called the Company; and also the Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England, trading to the Levant Seas, were referred; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Opening of a Trade to and from Persia through

Driffield

Inclosure,

Part of the Benefit intended for them by the said Act: Rujfia, will be a great Advantage to this Kingdom, and And therefore praying the House to take the Premises particularly in promoting the Consumption of the into Consideration; and grant the Petitioners such Re- Woollen Manufactures thereof, lief therein as to the House shall seem meet. The said Resolution, being read a Second Time, was,

The House was moved, That the said Act might be upon the Quest ion put thereupon, agreed tobytheHouse. read. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill upon

And the same being read accordingly; the said Resolution: And that Mr. Alderman Perry,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to ex- the Lord Baltimore, and Mr. Tracy, do prepare, and plain and amend an Act, made in the Third Year of the bring in, the fame.

Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the Recovering of small Debts, and for the Relieving of The other Orders of the Day being read; poor Debtors in London: And that Sir John Barnard, Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Fort-

Mr. Alderman Perry, the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. night, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House,

Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Alderman Willimot, and Mr. to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the

Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Tort- Soppty Bill A Bill for dividing and inclosing several open Fields, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, duties on Pastures, and Commons, in the Townships of Great upon the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt,

Driffield, and Little Driffield, in the County of York; Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain mad for settling certain yearly Payments to the Pre- called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Vol. *3, 7F Duties

Ways and Means.

Malt,

57°

190 Decembris — 70

A.

1740.

Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scvtland, for the Service of the Year 1741.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three

Weeks, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Fort-

night, the Seventh Day of January next, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Reuben Clarke Dr- Clarke be desired to preach before this House, at 10JPJfjf1*

garet’s, Westminster, upon Wednesday the 4th Day of oa *y' February next, being the Day appointed by his Majesty’s Royal Proclamation for a general Fast: And that Mr. Gib/on, and Mr. Francis Fane, do acquaint him therewith.

Debtors

Petition.

Mercurtt, 7 dte Januartt; A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders,

Anno 14° Georgii IIdi Regis 1740. Merchants, Tradesmen, Farmers, Mariners, Keelmen,

p and others, of the several Townships of Halifax, IF,

nTTiTinv r.. , n ... e, , field, Knottinglcy, and of many other Villages in the

A PETITION of the vmhappyPrte confined -Vest Riding of the County of whole Names are

I ratnoiloo in hia rv/1 QiAlfir c I wool , 7 TT - ,

thereunto subscribed, was prevented to the Houie, and

Wakefield,

4c.

Road,

1A for Debt and Trespasses in his Majesty’s Gaol, the Castle of Lancaster, for the County of Lancashire, in behalf of themselves, and several Thousands in the Goals of this Kingdom; and also,

A Petition of the poor Prisoners in Gaol,

in the County of Somerset,confined for Debt; and also,

A Petition of the Prisoners in his Majesty’s Prison of Southgate, in Exon, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousands confined for Debt in the several Prisons of this Kingdom; and also,

A Petition of the Prisoners in Ludgate, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands confined for Debt in the several Prisons of this Kingdom; and also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate, in behalf of themselves and many Thousand Debtors in the several Gaols of this Kingdom; and also,

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in the streel Compter, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands confined for Debt in the several Prisons of this Kingdom; and also,

read; setting forth, That many of the Petitioners are great Dealers in the Woollen Manufacture, and others of them Proprietors and Occupiers of large Quantities of arable Land, in the said Riding; and others of the Petitioners use and employ many Vessels for the carrying of Goods and Merchandizes on the Rivers Humber, Ouzc, Ayre, and Colder, in the said County; and that the River Ayre has been, Time immemorial, navigable, from the Humber, to a Place called which

is Four Miles from Knottinglcy, and Thirteen Miles from Wakefield-, and that of’late Years the said Rivers Ayre and Colder have been made more navigable, from thence upwards, than they formerly were; but, nevertheless, by reason of their Shallowness, at some times, and their overflowing at others, have been, for some Months in every Year, not navigable; and that the Charges for Lock Dues, between Wakefield and Weeland, are very great; and that the Highway, which is about Thirteen Miles in Length, leading from Wake-field to Weeland, in and through the Townships of

A Petition of the Prisoners in the Poultry Compter, Pontefract, Knottingley, and other Villages, and also

Salt Duties in

Scotland.

in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands confined for Debt in the several Prisons of this Kingdom; and also, A Petition of the Prisoners in his Majesty’s Gaol in Stafford, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands confined for Debt in the several Prisons of this Kingdom;

Were severally presented to the House, and read complaining of their Dillrels: And praying Relief. And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The House being informed, that Mr. Bowles, Agent to the Commissioners of the Customs, and the Salt Duties in Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duties on Salt made in Scotland, the Charges of Management, Drawbacks, and the Highway from Pontefract to the London Road, in the Township of Darrington, between Doncaster and York, which is about Two Miles in Length, are great Highways, and now are, and for many Years last pall have been, exceeding bad, and are not, in the Winter Season, passable with Carriages, by reason of the many Thousand Carriages heavy loaden with Lime, Coal, and other Goods, yearly passing thereon, by all which the Woollen Manufacture in the said Riding is greatly injured, and the Improvement of Lands in the Western Parts there much obstructed; and the Trade on the River Ayre, from Weeland to the Ouzc and Humber, and from thence to York and Hull, and other Places, very much hindered and discouraged; and that the Freeholders, Farmers, and Occupiers of Lands and Tenements, in the several Parishes and Townships, through which the same Ways lie, have been yearly at

Discounts, from Lady Day 1732 to Michaelmas 1740, Sreat Expence in the Amendment of the same High

distinguishing each Year, and how the net Produce has been annually applied.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Setiion.

ways-, and that, by virtue of the Laws now in being for amending of publick Highways, the aforesaid Ways cannot be fufSciently repaired: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better and more effectual repairing of the same Highways, in such manner as to the House shall m meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Butter imported.

The House being informed. That Mr. Oxenford, from the Commi/Ttoners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

A Petition of the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of ex-poled and deserted young Children was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the honour-

St. George Hamper Square Agreement.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the able William Steuart, late of the Parish of St. George, ./_ . l 1 - r .1 H of Esquire,

deceased, did, by his and Testament, in Writ-

ing, bearing Date the Thirty-first Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-six, give and bequeath the Sum of Five thousand Pounds of Irish Money, to be laid out. Ten Years after his Decease, in building and endowing a School in the said of

George,

House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the Quantity of Butter imported into the Port of London, for Seven Years, ending at Ckrifimas 1 ing each Year; from what Port or Place, and in what Ships, the same was imported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.


i4 Geo. II.

7° Januarii.

57*

St. George, in such manner as his Executors should think Wm. W, General Mr. Mr. Pel-

fit; of which Will he appointed his Wife Elizabeth ham, Mr. Lord Mr. Bladen, Sir

Steuart and his Nephew James SteuartExecutors, who Thomas Hales, Mr. Archer, Mr. , Mr. Wynne,

have since proved the said Will; and that the said Exe- Mr. Wardour, General Cope, Mr. Williams,

cutors, being desirous to carry the said Will into Execn- Sir Wm. Courtenay, Mr. Tower, Mr. Watts, Mr. Scawen,

tion, applied to the High Court of Chancery for that Sir Geo. Champion, Mr. Prowse, Sir Geo. Wynne, Mr.

Purpose j in pursuance of which a Decretal Order was Berkeley, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Rolls, Mr. made by the said Court, on the Eleventh Day of August, Conolly, Lord Quarendon, Mr. Bance, S\r John Barnard, in the Tenth Year of his present Majesty, in a Cause Sir Walter Bagott, Mr. Mr. Wallet', Mr.

wherein John Wills Esquire, then his Majesty’s Attorney Plumer, Mr. Packer, Mr. Foley, Mr. Laroche, Mr.

General, at the relation of Dennis Bond Esquire, and White, Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Mr. Burrell,

James Spilman Esquire, Churchwardens of the said Pa- Mr. Cornetvall, Mr. Gore, Sir Wm. Jolliffe, Sir James rish of St. George, were Plaintiffs; and the said James Lowther: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five Steuart, and Henry Roive Esquire, and Elizabeth his of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; And have Wife, late Elizabeth Steuart, were the Defendants; by Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: Apd which it was ordered, That the Sum of Four thousand all that come are to have Voices.

Four hundred Eighty-four Pounds Six Shillings and

a Peny, of lawful Money of Great Britain, being A Petition of several of his Majesty’s Justices of the Westminster the Amount of the said Five thousand Pounds Irish Peace for the City and Liberty of was pee- Street*.

Money, should be laid out in the Three per Cent. An- fented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the nuities, in the Names of the said James Steuart, Henry Petitioners,having received the Directions of this House,

Rowe, and Elizabeth his Wife, who should declare the to take care that the Scavengers keep the Streets free Trust thereof, subject to the Order of the said Court; and open from all Nuisances, and that there be noOb-and that, until such Time as a Piece of Freehold Ground structions to hinder the Passage of the Members to and could be purchased to erect the said School upon, the from the House of Commons, think it their Duty to lay Produce of the said Annuities should be accumulated before the HousetheReafonswliytheycannoteffeClually for the Benefit of the said Charity; and that, as soon as a obey their Commands: That, by the A passed in the Piece of Ground could be found to erect the said School Second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen upon, the said Trustees should, with the Approbation of Mary, for cleansing the Streets, there is uo Penalty laid, the said Court, erect a School thereupon; and that either on the Scavengers or Rakers, for not carrying Twenty Boys of the said Parish of St.George should be away the Street Dirt; and that the Justices being obliged therein taught to read and write, and be clothed, at to appoint such Persons as have moil Voices or Hands at the Expence of the said Charity; and that the said Parochial Meetings, the Inhabitants fuller great Losses Trustees did, in Obedience to the said Decree, lay out and InconveniencesbytheAppointment of improper and the said Sum, in the Purchase of Three per Cent. An- insufficient Scavengers: That the Scavengers may agree nuities, the Produce whereof hath been since accumu- on what Terms, and with what Rakers, they fieafe, with-lated for the Benefit of the said Charity, and have en- outanyPower given eitlierto the Juilicesorlnhabitants deavoured to purchase Freehold Land, in the said Parish to interpose: That in consequence of these Agreements of St. George,to erect a School upon; but had not been the Petitioners have great Reason to believe the Sea-

able to procure any Land for that Purpose; but that the vengers in several Parishes have received Considerations charitable Intention of their saidTeftator might not be of the Rakers for employing them, and in others, for a defeated thereby, and that the said Parish of St. George Sum of Money, wholly made over the Rate to the Rakers, may have the Benefit of the said Bequest, the said and, at the End of the Year, have refused to give any Trusteeshave agreed with the Churchwardens, Vestry, other Account than their Receipts; by which Means and principal Inhabitants, of the said Parish, to consent the Parishes have been defrauded of the Surplus on their to transfer and pay the said Annuities to the Petitioners, Rates; the Scavengers have had no Regard to the Inin Consideration that the Petitioners should receive terelis of their Parish in making their Contracts; and the Twelve poor Boys of the said Parish of St.George, being Rakers, being under no Controul, are notoriously neg-under the Age of Three Years, and maintain the fame; ligent in the Discharge of their Duty: That many Lodes and so often as any Vacancy shall happen in the said and Inconveniences happen from the Scavengers not Number of Twelve, that such Vacancy shall be filled up beingcompellable to give any Accounts of their Receipts by other poor Boys of the said Parish of St. George; and Payments, or, however insufficient they may be, to which Proposition hath been consented to, as well by the pay over the Money into safe Hands, till after the Ex-Petitioners as by the said Churchwardens, Vestry, and piration of the Year: That, under the present Laws, the principal Inhabitants, of the said Parish; and though the Scavengers cannot be rellrained from paying the Rakers,

carrying the said Agreement into Execution will be though they do not their Duty; which the Justices ap-more beneficial to the said Parish of St.George than if prehend to be One great Cause of their gross NeglcCt; the said School was built and endowed according to the but that if there was a Power given to Hop Payment till said Decree, and wilFanswer the charitable Intents of the the Rakers had effectually cleansed the Streets, the Pe-Testator, and'isconfiftent withthecharitablePurposesfor titioners apprehend it would have a better EffeCl, and which the Petitioners were incorporated; yet the same be a stronger Inducement to the Performance of their cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament: And Duty than any Penalty that could be laid upon them: therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in That the Petitioners, as Justices, have no Power to re-' a Bill for confirming and carrying into Execution the said move the Nuisances and ObltruCtions in the Streets, and Agreement madebetween the said James Steuart, Henry can proceed only by Indictment, as other Persons may Rowe, and Elizabeth his Wife, and the said Church- do: which Method is very dilatory and Expensive; and wardens, Vestry, and principal Inhabitants, of the said that no Provision is made for defraying the Charges of Parish of Sf. George, Ffawwr Square, and the Petitioners, such Prosecutions: All which the Petitioners submit to

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the the Consideration of the House; and pray such Relief Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- in the Premises as shall seem meet, mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Carew, Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

Sir Wm. Heathcote, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Winnington, Mr.

Tracy, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Walker, Mr. Longueville, Lord - jjetj,er

S. Beauclerk, Sir James Grant, Sir Nathaniel Curzon, ner, Mr. , Sir Joseph Pemingten, Mr. Laroche, Knutsforrd Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Yorke, Sir James Dashwood, Sir Sir Sir Thomas Hales, Endowment.

Vol. 23.

Mr.

S7*

7* Januarii.

A. 1740.

Recovery of frnaW Debts.

Mr. Figott^Jix.Medlycolt, Mr Hucfa,apd Mr. Curwen, greatNumbers of Sheep and Cattle grafing on the Lands

\>e added to the Committee to whom the Petition of of several of the Petitioners, and others; and like wife, George FenaMesFernon Esquire, Patron of the Vicarage in the Night-time, killing great Numbers of Sheep so of the Pari(V\ Church of Rojlhemixxx the County Palatine grafing, and stripping off their Skins, and then dealing of Chester, Robert Frod/7iamClerk, Vicar of the saidParifli the Carcasses of the Sheep so killed, but leaving their Church, James RobinfonClerk, Minister or Curate of the Skins behind to prevent Discoveries; and also, in the Parochial Chapel ofi\e^erKn«^/ord,withinthePari(hof Night-time, killing great Numbers of Sheep, grafing as Rofthern aforesaid, John Chetham, John Skellorn, Samuel aforesaid, and then cutting open the Sheep so killed, and

Johnson and Edward Fallozvs, Chapel-wardens of the taking and dealing their inwardFat, and leaving the Re-said Parochial Chapel, and the principal Freeholders mainder of their Carcasses behind, to prevent being dif-and Inhabitants of the several Townships or Hamlets of covered; and that though many of the Petitioners have. Nether Knulsfurd, Over Knulsford, Ollerton, Tuft, and for a considerable time past, been at very greatExpences Beston, in the Parish of Rojthern aforesaid, whose in paying Persons to watch their Sheep and Cattle con-Namesare thereunto subscribed, is referred. tinually in the Night-time, and have also detected, and

prosecuted to Conri&ion, several Offenders, for the Prac- Mr. Winning ton presented to the House, according to tices aforesaid, which, by the Laws now in Force, are. Order, a Bill for the more eafyRecovery of fmallDebts: as the Petitioners apprehend. Offences of Felony within

And the same was received and read the First Time. the Benefit of Clergy; yet the Petitioners find, that the

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Offenders, instead beingdeterred by fuchProfecutions,

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed. have since very much increased their said Practices, and

thereby occasioned a proportionable Increase of the Pe-Address on Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Ad- tioners Charges of having their Sheep and other Cattle

theButb°f a dress be presented to his Majesty, to congratulate his constantly watched; and that, by rea fan of the said feve-Pmvce s. Majesty upon the Increase of the Royal Family, by her ral Practices, many of the Petitioners have already been Royal Highness the Princess of Wales being happily great Sufferers in their Properties; and that a the Peti-delivered of a Princess. tioners, apprehend, That, unless an effectual Stop be put

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his to those Practices, they, and all other Freeholders,

Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his mers, and Occupiers of Pasture Lands, and Grafters, Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council. muff, in time, be thereby greatly impoverished, if not

Message to Re/blved, Nemine contradicente. That a congratulatory ruined: AH which Premises the Petitioners submit to the

the Vnnce, Message be sent to their RoyalHighnefies the Prince and Consideration of the House; and pray such Princess of Wales, on this happy Occasion. in, as to the House seem meet.

Ordered, That the Lord Gallway, Mr. Pawlett', Mr. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

Compton, Mr. John Berkeley, Mr. GeorgcEvans, Sir Johniideration of a Committee: And that they do examine Anflrulher, Sir Thomas Lowther, Mr, Hampden, Mr. the Matter thereof -, and report the same with their Charles Gore, and Mr. Henry Archer, do attend their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

Royal Highnesses with the said Message. And it is referred to Mr. Air. Pelham, Sir

Hugh Sir James Grant, Lord John

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Mr. Trehy, General Cope, Afr.Comptroller,

an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late SirTho-

Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for re- masHales, Mr. Hales, Mr. Archer, Mr. J^roivje, Mr. White, pairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, Chelsea, Sir Barnard, Lord Sundon, Mr. /Air. Fane,

and Fulham, and other Parishes thereinmentioned, in the Lord S. Beauclerfc, Mr. Tower, Mr.

County of Middlesex; and for repairing some otherRoads Wardour, Mr. Drummotid, Mr. Trevor, Mr.

in the Parish of St. George, Hanover Square, and the said Pariilies of Kensington and Chelsea-, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to M r.Pulteney,

Mr. Fane, Sir HughSmitffon, Sir NathanaelCtirzon,\jovd

Sundon, Mr. Sandys, Colonel Pulteney, Air; Rolle, Lord

Quarendon, Lord Combury, Mr. Bootle, Sir Wm. Heath-

cote. Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Pelham, Sir

Thomas Hales, Mr Clarke, Mr. Trehy, Mr. Lejlie, Lord

S.Beauclerk, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Carew, Mr. Trevor,

Mr. Spencer, Air.Longueville, Mr. Alderman Healhcote,

of Wsdes,&c.

Kensington, 8c. c. Roads.

Sir Geo. Cajwall, Lord Gallway, Lor Murray, Air.

Gulflon, Mr. Young, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. York, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Chetwynd, Dr. Lee, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Gore, Mr. Jeffreys, Sir James Sir

John AJlley, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Air. JCyna/lon;

And all the Alembers who serve for the Counties of Alid-dlesex, Surry, Berks, Bucks, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hampden, Sir Thomas Mo/lyn, Mr. Gybbon, ville, Mr. Alderman Marshall, Mr. Bowies, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bathurf, Mr. Compton, Mr. Berkeley, Sir JVm.

Heathcote, Mr. Owen, Mr. Jeffreys, Mr. Montagu, Sir IVm. Jolliffe, Af r. Kynaston, Mr. Clarke, Air.

Dr. I^e, Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. ConoUy, Mr. Leveson Gozver, Sir John Mr. Chet-

zoynd, Mr. OJbaldefton, Alr.lVinningtoJi, Lord

and all the Members who serve for the Counties dlesex, Essex, Surrey, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Stealing of Sheep,

A Petition of several Freeholders, Farmers, and Occupiers of Pasture Lands, and Grafiers, in the Counties of Jtliddlesex and Kffbx, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behaif of themselves, and of grreat Num-bera of other Freeholders, Farmers, and Occupiers of Pasture Lands, and Grafiers, in divers other Counties in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read, setting forth, That d 1 vers evil-disposed Persons have of late more general! y and frequently than, as the Petitioners apprehend, was ever known before, practised the coming secretly in the Night time, and driving away and dealing 23

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Greenwich House, a State of the yearly Revenue and Expences of Hospital. Greenzvic/i Hospital.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account, {hewing how the Money granted lad Scdion of Parliament, for Greenwich Hospital, has been disposed of.

Ordered, That the Treasurer of GreenzvichHospital do lay before this House, an Account of what Money has been received by him on Account of the said Hospital, from Chrifimos iysg to Ghrifimas 1740,; and how the same has been applied.

Ordered, That the Treasurer of the Navy do lay before Money if-thisHouse,anAccountof what Money has been ordered by sued For the CommissionersofhisAlajedy’sTreasury, and receir- e

ed by him, for any Services of the Navy, from the jiff of errtce$m December lyjgto the jiff of December 1740; diffiuguiffiing

the

14 Geo. II. <jr°u — 8PJaMuartL--$n

the Times -when the same xwas received, and the Services to which it was applied.

Seamen Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this employed. House, an Account of the N umber of Seamentmployed in the Service of the Royal Navy,from the3tftof

cember 1789 to the Sift of December 17*40,'upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what N umber were borne, and what muttered, in the said Service.

Land Tax Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this Arrears. House, an Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were

(landing out at Christmas last, with the Names of the respective Receivers in whose Hands the -fad Arrears remained; (liftinguiffiing each Year, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

House Duty OrderedThat the Proper Officers do lay before this Arrears. House, an Account of what Arrears of Duties upon Houses were (landing out at Christmas lad, with the Names of the respective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears remained; distingurfiiing each Year, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the -Payment thereof.

Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House and Means, to resolve itfolf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ahd then the Hbufe adjourned tillTo-mioi'row . Moming, Nine of the Clock.

jfovis, $° dieJanuarii;

Anno 14* Georgii Regis 1740. '*

Prayers.

AP E TITIO N of the Prisoners for Debt fa his Debtors Majesty’s Prison at Derby, in behalf of theih- Pelltion* selves, and many Thoqf&nds confined for Debt in the several Prisons of this Kingdom; and also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Sheriff’sWard or Prjl'on for the County of Devon ] and also,

A Petition of the unhappy Prisoners for Debt in the County.Gaol of the County of Glouccjier, in behalf of themselves, and several Thousands more in other of his Majesty’s Gaols of this Kingdom;

Were severally presented to the House, and read j complaining of their D'rftrefs: And pray ing Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Answer to Addrefsof Yesterday, to congratulate his Majesty upon Addref*. the Increase of the Royal Family, by her Royal Highness the Princefsof Wales being happily delivered of a Princess, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously.

Supply Bill; Theother Order of the Day beingread, for the House Duties on. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Malt, tec. Upon the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year One thousandSeven hundred and Forty-one;

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to divest, That the Deficiency which shall be on the «5th Day o f March 1741, of the Income of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1739, to satisfy Principal and Interest chargeable thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1741.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

1 Mr. Francis/'h/te reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him r Hi to report, when the House will please to receive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

j Morning.

s

s»u Duties. The House being informed, That One of the Commissioners for the Salt Duties, attended at the Door j He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the |5 House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the

’ gross and net Produce of the Duties on Salt, the

Charges of Management, Drawbacks, and Discounts, from Lady-Day 1732 to Michaelmas 1740; distin-re guishing each Year, and how the net Produce has

by J:; been annually applied.

jf. s*! I And then he withdrew,

rof And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is bound up with theother Papers

2 . of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Vol. 23.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House an Ac- Westminster count lhewinghow the Money granted last Session of Abbey. Parliament, towards repairing ?ind finilhipg the Collegiate Church of St.Peter, Wejhath been disposed of.

' Mr. FrancisFane,according to Order,reportedfrom gupply Bill-

the Committee of the whole House,to whom the Bill for Duties on ’ continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder,.and Malt,*c. Perry, in that Fart of Great Britain called; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt,

'Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year One Tho u-sand Seven hundred and Forty-one; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the BUI; and which they had directed him to report to the tloufe; and he read the Report iu his Place; 2nd -afterwards delivered the Bill, with tl\e Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Tradesmen, Wakefield, Freeholders, and Farmers, of the Town of Wakefield, in &c. Road, the West Riding of the County of York; as also of sundry others, Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and Farmers of the said Riding, whose N ames are thereunto subscribed,was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Highways from a Place called Red-house, near Doncaf.er, to the Town of Wakefield, and so on to the Town of Halifax,

by Dewsbury and Ealand, are very great and publick Highways, and contain in Length, from the said Red-house to the Town of Wakefield, Eleven Miles and ujv-wards, and from the said Town of Wakefield to the said Town of Hrflh/(7jr, FourteenMilesandupwards; and, for many Yearslaft past, have been exceedingly bad, by reason of the great Usage of the said Ways, and tl - many heavy Carriagespafling thereon, occasioned by the great Man ufadlory well known in that Country :Thut the Free-holders, Farmers, and Occupiers of Lands mid Tenements, in the several Parishes and Townships through which the said Ways lie, betwixt the said and the Town of Halifax, have been yearly at very great

7 G . Expence

574

8' — 9° Januarii.

A.

1740.

Expence in the Amendment of the said Highways; vention of Royal Boroughs, in that Part of Great and that, by virtue of the Laws now in being for Re- Britain called Scotland;

pairing of publick Highways, the same cannot be Were severally presented to the House, and read; tufficiently repaired: And therefore praying. That setting forth, That, by several Acts of the Parliament Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better of particularly by the Ninth Act, Anno 1703,

and more effectual repairing of the said Highways, in intituled, Act discharging Importation of Irish Victual, such manner as to the Houfd shall seem meet. Beef, and Cattle, and the other Acts therein recited,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the the Importation of Victual from and all other

Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition foreign Parts, is prohibited, under severe Penalties; of the Gentlemen, Merchants, principal Traders, and but with a Proviso, that when, by reason of Dearth,

Inhabitants, of the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, and the Towns adjacent; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Bur-

fesses, of the Borough of Leeds, in the County of rork, are referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it thall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Gentlemen, Cler-

the Prices of Vi6tual exceed the Rates therein mentioned; viz. Wheat Twelve Pounds Scots, that is, One Pound Sterling per Boll; Beer, Barley, Malt, and Meal, Eight Pounds Scots, that is. Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence Sterling per Boll; Oats and Peas, Six Pounds Scots,that is, Ten Shillings Sterling per Boll; the LordsofPrivyCouncil|should have Power, after due Tryal by them taken, to suspeod and dif-

gy. Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, Farmers, Ma- charge the Execution of the said prohibitory Acts, liners, Keelmen, and others, of the several Townships for such Space and Time as the Exigency of the said

of Halifax, Wakefield, Knottingl and of many other

Villages in the West Riding of the County of whose Names are thereunto subscribed, presented to the House Yesterday, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, be referred to the Consideration of the

Dearth shall require, and no longer; that by Act of Parliament of Great Britain, since the Union, the Privy Council of Scotland being abolished, there is no Power now subsisting in any Court in Scotland, enabling them to suspend the Execution of the aforesaid Committee; and that they do examine the Matter said Laws, notwithstanding of the greatest Dearth and

thereof; and report the lame, them, to the House.

as it Hia.lL appear to

Debtors

Petition*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris y 90 die 'Januarii; Anno 14’ Georgii Ildi Regis, 1740. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Pvifoners for Debt in his Majesty’s Gaol in the County of Leicester, on the Behalf of themselves, and many Thousands con-

Scarcity; which by Experience hath been found greatly hurtful to that Part of the Kingdom, particularly the lait and present Years, when Scarcity hath been and is so great, and Prices of Yi6hiat so high, that the poorer Sort of People, Day Labourers, and others, have been, and are, in danger of starvitig for Want; which might be, in fomemeasure, remedied, if sufficient Powers were lodged by Law in proper Hands, in place of the Privy Council of for suspetid-

ing the Execution of these Laws in Time of such Scarcity and Dearth; and that, in all human Probability, Victual will be so scarce in Scotland this Year, that if a proper and speedy Remedy be not applied for preventing Exportation, that Part of the Kingdom will be reduced to the greatest Streights, and many, especially of the poorer Sort, in danger of starving:

fined for Debt in the several Prisons in this Kingdom;

and also, ...

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt, in the County And therefore praying the House to take the Premises

Wdbnmfter

Abbey.

Gaol of Hereford;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the* Table.

The House being informed, That Mr. Oiven Davies, from the Dean and Chapter of attended

at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account shewing how the Money granted last Session of Parliament,

into their serious Consideration; and to afford to the Petitioners, and that Part of the Kingdom, such Remedy and Relief, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

A Petition of the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, at Westminster, was Bridge presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That

towards repairing and finiffiing the Collegiate Church the Petitioners are, by several Acts of Parliament, paf-of St. Peter, Westminster, hath been disposed of fed in his present Majesty’s Reign, appointed Commis-

And then he withdrew. sioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames,

And the Title of the said Account was read. from the City of to the opposite Shore, in

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the the County of Surry, and by an Act, passed in the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, are The said Account is bound up with the other impowered to make, design, and lay out, such Ways, Papers of this Session. ~ -

Bnurdillon’a, t*. Nat.

A Petition of Gideon Bourdillon and John David Billon, was presented to the House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Streets, and Passages, as they shall find proper to make, open, and lay out, on each Side of the River Thames, to and from the said intended Bridge, the Courts of Justice and both Houses of Parliament; and to agree for, and purchase such Houses and Ground, within certain Limits, by the said Act prescribed, as they shall find Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, necessary for them to be possessed of, for that Purpose: according to the Prayer of the said Petition*. And That the Petitioners have made a very considerable Pro-that Sir Humphry How arth, Mr. Owen, and Sir George gressinbuilding the said Bridge;andhavepurchasedfe-Cafaall, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. veral Houses, Parcels of Ground, and Estates, for

opening, making, widening, and rendering conve-impoxt\ng of A Petition of the Justices of Peace of the Shire of nient, the said Ways, Streets, and Passages; in doing Victual from Edinburgh, met in an adjourned Quarter Session at which they have expended, and engaged by Contraft,

Ireland to Edinburgh, the Eleventh of November 1740; and also, the greatest Part of the Money hitherto granted them

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of for the said Purposes, notwithstanding the y have pro-

the City of Edinburgh, in behalf of themselves, and ceeded with the utmost Care and Frugality: That

the Inhabitants of the said City; and also, the Petitioners therefore find themselves under an in*

A Petition of the annual Committee of the Con- dispensable Necellity of applying to this House for

such

Scotland.

\r*/

B: -t:

14 Geo. II.

90 — 1 a0 Jdnuam.

575

such further Sums of Money as this House shall judge whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted proper, that so publick and necessary a Work may not to his Majesty. be stopt for want thereof: And therefore praying,

That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such further Sums of Money as to the House shall seem meet.

rdered ', That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Sundon, Sir Charles Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Pulteney, Sir Clay-

ton, Mr. Plnmptre, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Laroche, Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Horfmonden

Turner, Sir Roger Bradjhaigh, Mr. Gregory, Mr! Walker, Mr. Winning ton, Mr. Walpole, Mr.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 120 die Januarii;

Anno 14° Georgi IN* Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and Doncaster, Inhabitants, of the Town of , in the ^oadl*

County of Lancaster, and of the Gentlemen, Free-w holders, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the Town of

Mr. Treby, Mr. Scrope Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Knight, Stockport, in the County of Chester, was presented to

Colonel Dalrymple,_Mr. Balle, Mr. G 'ore, Mr. Crojfe, the House, and read; setting forth ;Thatthesaid Towns

Captain Otven, Mr. RaulEarli, Sir H.SmithJon, Cvh<ne\

Onjlozv, Mr. Whilworth, Mr. Ijyngueville, Mr. Gildert,

Mr. lien. Finch, Sir Thomas Read, Mr. Wolla/ton, Mr.

Kent, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Eyles, Mr. Brad/haigh, Sir

James Grant, Mr. Corbet, Mr. Fane, Sir Geo. Champion,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Scaiven, Mr. Legge, Mr. Pelham,

Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Strode, Sir Hum. Howarth,

Sir Wm.Curew, Dr. Cotes, Mr. Shultleioorth, Mr. Lyf-

ter, Dr. Lee, Colonel Ducket, Mr. Soutluvell, Mr. Ca-

rew, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Cornewall,

Sir Robert Grosvenor, Lord S: Beaucler/c, Mr. Tower,

Mr. More, Alderman Stewart, Mr. Foley, Sir John Ajtley, Sir Charles Gilmour; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Suffix, Surry, County of Chester, by virtue of an Act of Parliament, Kent, and Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this made in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s intituled an Act for repairing and amending the Road Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Pa- leading from the Town of Manchester, in the County and Records.

of Manchester and Slockjwrt are very large, and considerable trading Towns, and fend weekly great Quantities of Goods, Merchandize, and Manufactures, to Doncaster, in the County of York; which are carried from thence by Water to Hullin order to belhipped for

London, and foreign Parts; and bring back considerable Quantities of Flax, Yarn, and other Commodities, which arc manufactured in the said Towns of ter and Stockport, and the Neighbourhood thereof: That the Highway leading from 3/a/;c7/e/?er and Stockport, to Doncaster aforesaid, is a great and publick Highway; and that Part thereof, lying betwixt chester and a Place called in the said

pers

Ordered, That the State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from the 21st November 1739 to November 12th 1740, both inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from the 29th

Palatine of Lancaster, through the Town of der Line, and the Parish of Mortram Longdendale, and from thenQe to Sallerjbrooke, in the County Palatine of Chester, has, at a great Expence, been repaired, and is now made exceeding good; but the other Part of the said Road, between Sallerjbrooke and Doncaster, containing, by Computation, Twenty-two Miles, has, for

September 1739 to 29th September 17 4°> both inclusive, several Years pad, been exceflivebad,by reason whereof be referred to the said Committee. the Road betwixt Manchester and Sallerjbrooke is, in a

Ordered, That the Contracts made by the Com- great measure, rendered useless; and that, by virtue of missioners of Wejbmnsler Bridge, from the 21st Novem- the Laws now in being for amending publick Roads, her 1739 to the 12th November 1740, both inclusive, the said Road from Sallerjbrooke to cannot

be referred to the said Committee. be sufficiently repaired: And therefore praying, That

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill fortbe better and Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to more effectual repairing and amending the said High-

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, -way from Doncaster to Sallerjbrooke, as aforesaid, in to consider f urther of the Supply granted to his Ma- such manner as to the Honfc shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Freeholders, Farmers, and Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Doncaster, in the County of York, and of the Gentle'

ic%

Ordered, That Surolufes, stated at Lady-day, 174a, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplufes, Rated at Michaelmas 1740, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fanelook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

HCt

men, Tradesmen, Freeholders and Inhabitants of the x. Town and Neighbourhood of Barnsley, in the said County of York, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The House being informed, That Mr. Arnold, from the Secretary at War, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the

Forces ?n Plantations.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday House> pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Efti

Morning next.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

Vol. 23.

mate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1741. And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read;

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE

t

576 \2* Januari A. 1740.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar,

for the Year 1741.

NUMBERS.

Pay of the Regiments, be. for 365 Days.

In the PLANTATIONS. Lieutenant General Dalzell'sRegiment -Major General Philipps’s -Colonel Oglethorpe's -

Four Independent Companies at New York One Company at Bermudas -

Eight Companies at Jamaica One Company in the Island of Providence -

Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, and Placentia

815

394

804

445

57

9ia

150

£. s.

15*17 9

9,830 1 4 '

15*453 13 — 7,14a t6 8 1,005 15 — 15,731 to — 2,466 15 10

In MINORCA. Brigadier General Read's Regiment -Major General Armjlrs Lieutenant General -

Brigadier General Paget's Major General Anstruther's

Officers of the Garrison, fife.

In GIBRALTAR. Lieutenant General Kirk's Regiment Major General Hargrave's Lieutenant General Columbine's Lieutenant General Clayton's -Colonel Francis Ftdler's

Officers of the Garrison, fife.

- - 815 -

- - 815 -

- 815 -

ft - 815 -

- - 815 " - -

ft 4,75

815. ~ «i

- - 8 r 5 -

- - 8x5 -

- 815 -

- 815

'4*075 1

1 " 11*727

Provisions for Major General Philipps's Regiment in Garrison at Annapolis Royal, Canso, and Placentia, deducting out of the

SubsistenceofeachNon-commissionOfficer and privateMan, towards that Expence, remains to be borne by the Government Provisions for the several Regiments at Gibraltar Provisions for Colonel Oglethorpe's Regiment at Georgia Levy Money for no Men for Colonel Oglethorpe's Regiment, at 10 s.6 d.for each Man -

15.217 9 2

15,217 9 2

15,217 9 2

15,217 9 2

15*217 9 2

15,2x7.' 9 a

15,381 14 15,217 9 e \ .15,217 9 2 15,217 .9 2

i,558 17 1

30,000 — —

2,080 10 —

7i7 *5 —

War Office, 12th January 174?.

In the Absence of the Secretary at War,

Total - - £. Richard Arnold.

TOTAL

£ *. d-

66,827 15 —

2,539 1 8

76,087 5 10

6,700 ,8 9

76,251 10 10

3*749 3i-

34,356 12 .1

266,512 6 5$

1

t'


Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Duties upon Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Malt, &c. Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-one; was read the Third time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

he, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, dom, together with the Stations of such Cruisers, the Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Times of their going out on such Service, with their England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Du- Continuance thereon: as also the Succcfs they have ties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part met with, distingui thing each Ship taken or re-taken of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the from the Enemy, and by whom: And also,

Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-one. An Account of what Ships have been employed as Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill Convoys in Europe, since the Declaration of War to the Lords, and defive their Concurrence. against Spain, for the Protection of the Trade of this

Kingdom; together with the Times of going out on Navy Sir Charles Wager, from the Commissioners for ex- such Service, and of their Return: Aud also,

Ultimate, ecuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great An Account of what Ships have been employed in Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their America, since the Declaration of‘ War against Spain, for Addvefs to his Majesty, the ordinary Estimate of his the Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, or ou Majesty’s Navy for the Year 1741. other Services; the Times of their going out on such

And he also presented to the House, pursuant to Service, and their Continuance thereon, also the Success several Addresses of this House to his Majesty, and they have met with; distinguishing each Ship taken or several Orders of this House, re-taken from the Enemy; and by whom: And also,

Copies

A Lift of his Majesty’s Royal Navy, as it Rood upon the 18th Day or Novanber last; with their Complements of Men and Guns, and where they were at that time: And also,

An Account of what Number of Ships have been employed every Month, from the ift Day of June 1739 to the lftDayof November 1740; and in what Stations: And also,

An Account of what Ships have been employed in Europe, since the Declaration of War against Spain, as Cruisers for the Protection of the Trade of this King-

Lift of the N&Vy.

Ships

employed.

Ships employed in Europe.

Convoys.

Ships employed in America.

14 Geo. II.

Applications Copies of all Applications which have been made to for Cruifers. the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, for Cruisers, to be appointed for the Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom; with an Account ofwhat has been done thereon; with a Schedule of the Papers annexed: And also,

Viu'ing An Account of all Orders that have been given since out of the lft Day of February 1737, relating to the Fitting Squadrons. ou^ and Sailing of any of his Majesty’s Squadrons, or Ships of War; with the Dates of such Orders, the Number and Rates of the Ships, the Places to which the same were thereby directed to fail, and the Times of their failing, respectively: And also.

Expedition An Account of Orders given for raising and em-to America, barking Land Forces and Marines for the Expedition to America, under the Command of the Lord Catli-cart; and for taking up and fitting Transports for the said Service; with the Dates of the several Orders relating thereto: And also,

Ditto. Copies of such Letters or Representations as have been sent to the Commissioners for *executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great relat-

ing to the State and Condition of the Stores, Provision. Ammunition, or other Necessfries for the Use of the said Expedition; with a Schedule of the Papers annexed: And also,

Supply of Copies of all Letters, so farasthey relate to a Supply Admiral Ships, Men, Stores, Ammunition, Provisions, or Vernon.

577

other Necessaries, written to, or received from, Vice

Admiral Vernon, by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Britain; with a Schedule thereof annexed: And also,

Copies of all Letters that have been written, or Stores for Representations or Applications made, to the Com- ^y^1* missioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, relating to Stores, Ammunition, Provisions, or other Necessaries, for the Use of the Fleet lately under the Command of the Right honourable Sir John Norris; with a Schedule of the Papers annexed: And also,

An Account of the Removals, Changes, and Prefer- Remorat* ments, to the Command of his Majesty’s Shins of War, *c. during fromtheTimeofSir JohnNorm's takinghis Command, Sir J. Norm* this present Year, at Porfmouth, to the time of Sir Command‘ Chaloner Ogle'1,a failing from St.Helens: And also, Copies of all Letters, so far as they relate to a Supply - . of

of Ships, Men, Stores, Ammunition, Provisions, or ships to other Necessaries, written to, or received from, Rear Admiral Admiral Haddock, by the Commissioners for executing Haddock, the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain; with a Schedule thereof annexed.

And the Title of the said Ordinary Estimate of the Navy was read.

The said Estimate is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And the Abstra6t thereof is as follows; viz.

12° JanuarU.

Of. Sr-.

U;

ABSTRACT of the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the 1741,

N° 1. To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office,of.Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and Instruments, and Contingencies relating the reto

.....£ 7>885 7

3-

4-ft. 6.

7-

8.

9-

10.

11.

12.

*3-

14.

>5-

3.499 15 — S

Yards. —

Superannuated Sea Officers Pensions, and other Allowances rChatham 1 Deptford -1 Woohoich -S Portsmouth I Sheernef? - -

L Plymouth - 2,510 io

Muster-masters, and other Officers of the Out Ports -

Wages to Ships and Vessels in ordinary -

Victuals to the Officers and Men serving therein -

Charge of the Harbour Moorings - - - - -

Ordinary Repairs of his Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, ' Buildings, Mc. ——

Half-pay: to Sea Officers - -

d,

35,183 14 1 11,385 a 6

17*733 *6

3.72.8 5 6

18,687 8 9

8,918 3 ,4

17*4l5 — —

59,640 — 12,000 — —

Total of the ordinary. Estimate of the Navy, for the-Year 1741 -

To which may be added.

For defraying the Expence of maintaining, in die Royal Hospital of an additional Number of disabled Seamen, taken, and to be taken, into it; who are. worn out, and become decrepit, in the Service.of their Country; there being now One thousandpoor I Seamen maintained in the said Hospital; as also for a sufficient Number of Nurses, / being the Widows of Officers and poor Seamen, and for carrying on the Buildings, and other Incidents,.of the said Hospital for the Year 1741; Ten thousand Pounds

184,691 io 10

lo,oooo — —

194,691 10 10

-And then the Total-of the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1741, amounts to One hundred and Ninety-four thousand Six hundred and Ninety-one Pounds Ten Shillings and-Ten Pence.

Richard Haddock, James Acworth, Thomas , J, Faider, John Phillipson, Geo. Crouie.

Coi Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Extract of a Letter from the Duke of to correrpon-

Table to be perused by the Members of the House. Vice Admiral Vernon, August 13th, 1739 t deneewith

' ! And the Lift of the said other Papers, presented by Extract of a Letter from Vice Admiral Vernon to Admiral

! Sir Charles Wager, was read. the Duke of Burford, at 15th, ' eruon, &c

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the 1739; received September 10:

1 J: Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Extra A of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to

I c'laC.; The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers Vice Admiral Vernon, September 28th, 1739:

" of this Session. Extract of a Letter from Vice Admiral Vernon Jo the

II . Duke of Newcastle, Jamaica, January, 18, 31, and

Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, pursuant , February 2d, 1739-40; received March 25th:

,r j to several Addresses to his Majesty,

! Vol. 23, 7 II F.xtraft

12° yanuarii.

A. 1740.

Co»r<*fpon* Extra# of a Letter from the Duke of Admiral>l Vice Admiral VemoM, March 26th, 1740}

Vernon. 4c. Extract of a Letter from the Duke of to

Vice Admiral Vernon, April 18th, 1740:

Extra# of a Letter from Vice Admiral Vernon to the Duke of Newcastle, at Sea, 25th, 17.39-40; receix-ed May 24:

Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Stone to Vice Admiral Vernon, May soth 1740:

Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Vice Admiral Vernon, July4th, 1740: Extra# of a Letter from Vice Admieal Vernon to the Duke of Newcastle, in Port , Harbour, Maypth, 4740; received 19th;

Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Vic^ Admiral Vernon, July 23d, 1740; inclosing,

A Lift of Vice Admiral Vernon’s Squadron, when joined by the Ships that convoy the Expedition: Extra# of a letter from Vice Admiral Vernon to the Duke of Newcastle, Burford in Port Royal Harbour, May<z6ih and 3lft, i?40; received 5th:

Extra# of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Vice Admiral Vernon, September 12th, 1740:

Extra# of a Letter from Vice Admiral Vernon to to the Duke of NewcajilePort July 19th,

1740; received October 7th:

Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Slone to Vice Admiral Vernon, OBober 7th. 1740:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stone to Vice Admiral Vernon, OBober n th, 1740; inclosing.

An Account of Naval Stores sent to Jamaica since Admiral Vernon failed, and of those now going thither, OBober 10th, 1740:

Extra# of a Letter from Vice Admiral Vernon to the Duke of Newcastle, Jamaica, 30th, 1740; received November 15th:

Together with a List of the said Papers.

Mr. Comptroller also presented to the House, pursuant to several Addrefies to his Majesty,

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to the Lends Commissioners of the Admiralty, OB. 16, 1739; inclosing,

Copy of a Petition of the Merchants of London, in behalf of themselves, and others, trading to and in the Mediterranean:

Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Duke of Newcastle, November i, 17395 inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear Admiral Haddock, October 17, 1739:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Clinton, OBober) 7, 1739:

Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to Rear Admiral Haddock, October 26, 1739:

Copy of the Memorial of the Merchants trading to and in the Mediterranean to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty:

Lift of his Majesty’s Ships at home, and with Rear Admiral Haddock j with the State of their Men, and Disposition:

Copy of a Letter from the.Duke of Neivcafllc to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, December 11, 1739; inclosing,

Extra# of a Letter from Consul Compton to the Duke of Neiocaflle, 27 November 1739:

Extra# of a Letter from Consul Allen to the Duke of Newcastle, Naples, 24 1739:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of to the

lairds Commissioners of the Admiralty, January 11, 1739-40; inclosing.

Copy of a Letter from the Consul and Fa#ory at 0 Lisbon to the Duke of Newcastle:

Extra# of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Duke of , January

iS, 1739-40; inclosing,

An Account of Ships and Vessels which have been app6inted as Convoys or Cruffers, for prote#-

ing the Portugal Trade, since the Rupture with

Spain:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of to the

Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, April t4,

1740; inclosing.

Copy of a Petition of the Agents for Barbadoes and life Leexvard Jjlands, and of the Planters interest-

ed therein, and the Merchants trading the reto:

Copy of a Letter from the Louis Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Duke of , May 2,

1740; inclosing.

Copy of an Account of Ships stationed at Barbadoes and the Leeward //lands in the several Years of Queen Anne’s War, May ad, 1740:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle t<jr the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, May 7th,

1740; inclosing.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. HaU. to the Duke of Newcastle, May 5 th, 1740:

Copies of Two Letters from Wm. Bofomworth,

Mailer of the Morning Star,from Galipoli to London, to his Owners Messieurs Giffardand Alexander, Malta,

March sd, 1739:

Extra# of a Letter from Cowes to Mr. Hyam, April 26, 1740:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, May 2lit,

1740; inclosing,

Petition of the Merchants and Planters trading to, and interested in, his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America:

Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Duke of,

May 22d, 1740:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Couraud to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, July 22d, 1740; inclosing,

Copy of a Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of Bristol:

Copy of the Report of the Lords of the Admiralty to the Lords Justices, on the Petition of the Bristol Merchants, July 23, 1740; inclosing,

Lift of his Majesty’s Ships at home, and their Condition; with the Services they are either on, or intended for; July 23, 1740:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Ceuraud to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, July 26, 1740; inclosing,

Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Parker to the Duke of Newcastle, Porto, July 18, 1740:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, OBober 23,

1740; inclosing.

Copy of the Petition of the Agents for Barbadoes and the Leeward Islands, and of the Planters interested in, and the Merchants trading to, the fame:

Together with a List of the said Papers.

Mr. Comptroller also presented to the House, pur- Fitting oat of suant to their Address to his Majesty, An Account of Squadrons, all Orders that have been issued from the Secretary of State’s Office, since the id Day of February 1737, relating to the Fitting out anil Sailing of any of his Majesty*9 Squadrons or Ships of War; with the Dates of fuen Orders, the Number and Rates of the Ships, and the Places to which the same were thereby di-re#ed to fail.

And he also presented to the House, pursuant to Expedition their Order, An Account of all Orders that have 10 Amer,u-been ill’ued from the Secretary of State’s Office, for raising and embarking Land Forces and Marines for the Exportation to America, under the Command of Lord Cathcart\ and for forming Bodies of Troops of his Majesty "s Subje#sin America; and for taking up and fitting Transports for the said Service; with the Dates of those Orders.

And the said Lifts, and the Titles of the said Accounts, were read.

Ordered,


14 Geo. II.

i a0 Januar'u.

579

Ordered, That the said Papers and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Lift of Nary.

Ship*

employed.

An Account of what Stores were remaining in his Majesty’s Storehouses at Jamaica, on Vice Admiral Vernon's Arrival there, and the Condition thereof:

And also,

An Account of what Stores, or other Nfcceffaries, Store*, &c; were sent with Rear Admiral Haddock-, distinguisiiing

Mr. Phillipson, from the Commissioners of his Majes- the Condition thereof, and of what Handing, so far as jiaddock: ty’s Navy, presented to the House, pursuant to several it hath yet been paffible to collect them: And also,

Orders of this House, and their Address to his Majesty, An Account of what Stores have been fentfinceto

' Rear Admiral Haddock; difi\ngm(h\ng the Time when

the same were sent, and the Condition thereof, and of what standing: And also,

Copies and Extracts of Letters received from, and Carrefpon-sent to, Vice Admiral Yelating to Stores, Pro- de«c« witfc

'visions, and other Necessaries: Vernon

Together with an Abstract of the said Papers.

And the said Abstract was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Ta-

----- ,----- " J

A Lift of his Majesty’s Royal Navy, as it Rood on the 29th Day of September 1727; with an Account of how many of such Ships are loft or decayed, how many of them have been rebuilt, and when, and how many of them remain, distinguished by theticked Columns; and what Condition of Service they are now in; collected from the weekly Progresses from the Yards, and the best Accounts that can be had: And also,

Stores, &c. sent to Admiral Vernon.

An Account of what Number of Ships have been employed every Month, from the iftof June 1739 to ble,to be perused by the Members of the House, the lft of November 1740; with an Account of how The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers many Men have been borne on board each Ship eve- of this Session. ry Month: And also,

An Account of what Stores, or other necessaries, Mr. Rawlinjon Earle presented to the House, pur-werefeut with Vi re Admiral Vernon;distinguishing the suant to their Address to his Majesty, an Eftiipate of

Ordnanc*

EstimaU.

Condition thereof, and of what standing: And also, An Account of what Stores have been sent, or ordered to be sent, to Vice Admiral Vernon; distinguish-ing the Times when the same were sent, and the Condition thereof, and of what standing: And also,

the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1741: Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as follows; viz.

An ESTIM ATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1741.

b?'

to A*"

LAND S E R V I C E. L s. d.

ORDINARY of the Office, eomprifing Repairs of Storehouses, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for (I arifons, Rents, Pay of the Two Marching Companies of Artillery, Salaries, and incident Charges -The Pay of a new Company, with additional Men to the Two old Marching Companies of Artillery, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 2i April 1740.

The Establishments at Mahon, Gibraltar, Annapolis,

Placentia, and North Britain -The Pay of additional Men to the Companiea of Artillery at Mahon and Gibraltar, by his Majesty’s Warrant, 21 April 1740 -

The Pay of an Engineer, sent to Georgia and South Carolina,by his Majesty’s Warrant, 7 November 1737 The Pay of an Engineer, feut to the Bahama Islands, by his Majesty’s Order in Council, 14 February 1739 -

Half-pay of the Officers that have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, Spain, and on. several Expeditions ... Six Months Pay of Officers, Gunners, Engineers, Artificers, and Hire of Transports, to attend the Train of Artillery on the Expedition under Lord Cathcart, to 30 June 1741 - -

I-

40,824 12 €

5373 9

9,962 3 9

1,612

46,698

L*

*1,574 5 5

73°-----

3*9 *5

10,303 1

8,*72 7 t

EXTRAORDINARIES.

Towards carrying on the

tions. Repairing of Storehouses, and Supplying of Stores

Fortifica-"l 0 irehouses, >at <J

- -5 t

Gibraltar

Mahon

Annapolis

Placentia

10.000 — - —

10.000 — — 2,000 — — 3,000 — —

Towards rebuilding and repairing the Fortifications at Sheemefs, and

Gillingham Fort -

Towards building and repairing the Fortifications at Portsmouth Towards carrying on the Fortifications and Barracks at Augustut, in the Higlands of Scotland -

Two hundred Tons of Saltpetre

Vol. 23.

25,000 —

3.000 —

5.000 -

2.000 10,600-----

39,352 t6 6

17,600 — — Exceeding*,

58°

12° Januarii.

A. 1740.

Exceed ings, for which no Allowance hath been made by Parliament.

Ordnance and Stores sent for the Defence of the Places under mentioned, pursuant to several Orders of his Majesty, and the Lords Justices in Council, dated 27 December 1739» 12 and 29 12

June, 10 and 3i July, and 25 October, 1740; viz. Hclston, St. Ives, Montserrat, New York, Bahama Islands, with the Pay of an Engineer

'for Six Months, to the Sift December 1740, Bermuda Islands, Alderney, Sunderland, Hartlepoole, Jersey, Newfoundland, Jamaica, and the Leeward Islands -

Arms 'for the additional Men of the Dragoons and the Independent Companies of Invalids, also for the Marines; with Tents and Arms for Lieutenant General Dalzell's Regiment in the Leeward,

the Five Regiments at Gibraltar, the Eight Independent Companies in Jamaica, and Second Troop of Horse Guards, Six Regiments of Foot, and a new-raised Independent Company of Invalids; pursuant to Warrants of his Majesty, and the Lords Justices, dated 17 and 29 December 1739, 10 and 31 January, 14 and 28 February, 20 9 and 15 April,8, 10, and 22 July, 21 and 2 September, 1740

Arms and Stores issued to Colonel Blakeney, on a special Commission, by his Majesty’s Warrant, 31 January 1739

Brals Ordnance and Stoics lent to Gibraltar by his Majesty’s Warrant, 7 February 1739 ——

Tents, intrenching Tools, and other Necessaries, for the Train of Artillery and Forces encamped near Newbury, and Hounf-

low, by the Lord Justices Warrant, 29 May 1740 -

Ordnance and Stores issued to Captain George Anson, on a particular Expedition, b'y'she Lords Justices Warrant, 29 May 1740 The Pay of additional Meu to the Companies of Artilleryat

and Gibraltar, the Two marching and One new-raised Company, from the ill of April to the $ ill December 1740, by his Majesty’s Warrant, 21 lApril 174® -

£ S‘ d.

24,751 18 2

18,695 3 8 6,015 5 0 7,47i o 0

10,249 5 6 3,248 13 2

5,639 15 10

Total -

76,071 1 4

191,296 411

Answer to Mellage.

Charles JViHs, John Armstrong, Geo. Gregory, IV. R. Earle.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Names are thereunto subscribed, waspresented to the Table, to be peruftd by the Members of the House. House, and read; setting forth. That the Highway

from the City of York to the Town of in

The Lord Galwdy reported to the House, That his the said Riding, is a very great and publick Highway, Royal Highness the Prince of Wuleshafd been attended leading from the said City of York to the City of with the congratulatory MefTageof thisHouse, on the London, and contains in Length Thirty-six Miles and Increase of the Rxryal Family, by1 the Princess of -upwards; and for jnarty Years last palt has been ex-Wales being happily delivered of a Princess; and that - ceedkig bad, by -reason of the great Usage of the said his Royal Highness was pleased to return this Answer: Way, and the many heavy Carriages passing thereon;

and that the Freeholders, FarmerR, and Occupiers of Gentlemen, , -Lands and Tenements, in the several Pai-illies and

I return you-my Thanks, on the Joy you express Townfhrps through which the same Way lies, beat the Increase of the King’s Family. twixt the said City of York and Doncajlbr, have been

'yearly* at very'great Expence in the Amendment of The House being informed, That'Mr. Bell, One of the Md Highway; and' that, by virtue of the Laws

Seamen sent

to Hospitab. the Commissioners for sick and wounded Seamen, attended at the Ddor;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented tdthe House, pursuant to their Order,- Copies of the Monthly Returns of the Seamen sent from on board the several Ships of War to Hospitals on Shore, Or to Hospital Ships in Harbour,- firice the loth of July 1739; distinguishilig which of such'Men died, what Numbers were cujed, and returned on board such Ships, and what diferted the Service.

And then he withdrew.

-now in being for Amending of publick Highways, the same cannot be fulliciently repaired: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better and more effectual Repairing of the said Highway, in, such manner as to the House shall seem mfcet.

Onlered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the'Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Turner, Sir Hugh

Smithjon, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Shutlleworth, Mr. York, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Lord S.

Beauclerk,' Mr. IV/tilioorlh, Mr. Balle, Sir llenr.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the He«fc. , r

The laid Paper is bound up with the other Papers c°e' Mr. , Sir Mr.

of this Session - Colonel Mordaunt, Sir A

Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Cornewall, Captain

Doncaiier to A Petition of His Majesty s Justices of the’ Peace, York Roads. Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Farmers-, and others of the West Riding of the County of York, assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at Pontefractf\nand for the fauFRiding, on Tuesday the Lord ‘duarendon, Mr Carmichael, Mr Lord John Sackville, Mr. More, Mr. Hucks, Mr. lii/e, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Walker, Mr. Buffet, Mr. Froife, Colonel. Howard, Sir John Turner, Lord timore, Mr. Archer, Sir jphn Hind Cotton, and all the

Members who l’erve for the Counties of York Durham,

nieu, and Farmers, as well of the said Riding, as of And have Power to fend for Pei Ions, Papers, and the City, and County of the City, of York,whose Records,

Mr.

Nether

Knutsford

Endowment*

14 Geo. II.

12° Januarii.

Mr. Cholmondeley reported from the Committee to

whom the Petition of George Venables Vernon Esquire, Patron of the Vicarage of the Parish Church of Rojlhcrn, in the County Palatine of Robert

Clerk, Vicar of the said Parish Church, James Clerk, Minister or Curate of the Parochial Chapel of Nether Knutsford, within the Parish of aforesaid, John Chelham, John Skellorn, Samuel Johnson, and Edward Fallowes, Chapel Wardens of the said Parochial

Chapel, and the principal Freeholders and Inhabitants of the several Townlliips or Hamlets of Nether ford, Over Knutsford, Ollerton, Toft, and Bexton, in the Parish of Rojihem aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Samuel Wright was examined: Who said, That the Parish of Rojihem, in the County Palatine of,

extends about Fight Che/hire Miles; is very populous; and conlifts of Fourteen entire Townlliips or Hamlets, and a Moiety of Two others; and many of them lie remote from the Parish Church:

That there is an ancient Parochial Chapel in the Township of Nether Knutsford, the Minister or Curate whereof officiates within the several Manors, Towmships, or Hamlets of Nether Knutsford, Over Knutsford, Ollerton, Toft, and Bexton, in the said Parish of;

and that the Dean and Chapter of Chriji Church in Oxford, are Appropriators of the Rectory and Church aforesaid, and intitlcdto the Glebe Lands and Tythes of the said Parish, Part of which Tythes the said Dean and Chapter have by Lease; which the Witness hath seen lett to Mr. Hullon,who last Year employed him, the Witness, in collecting the fame.

He further said. That the Right of nominating a Minister or Curate to the said Chapel is claimed, as well by the Wear of Rofthern, as by the principal Inhabitants of the aforesaid Five Townlliips or Hamlets; but that the present Minister was, as he believes, about Fifty Years ago, named by the Inhabitants to officiale, in the said Chapel; and Once in every Year Two or Three of the Inhabitants of the said Townships or Hamlets, at the Requeil of such Minister, coiled Contributions towards his Maintenance and Support: That the said Minister, as the Witness believes, was formerly not entitled to any certain Maintenance or Provision, except the yearly Stipend of £.5 Gs. 8 dpaid him by the Vicar of Rofthern, and the Surplice Fees; lor which Sum the Vicar infills that he has the Right of nominating the Minister to officiate in the said Chapel.

That since Mr. Robinson hath been Minister or Curate of the said Chapel, a Messuage or Dwelling-house, with Outhouses, Offices, and Gardens, thereto belonging, lifuate in Nether Knutsford, hath been devised by the Will of Margaret Furnej'e, dated 18 1718, an examined Copy of which Part of the said V. ill the Witness produced; whereby the same is settled and allured unto and upon, and to the Use of, the officiating Minister of Nether Knutsford, and his Successors for ever; and that several Legacies, Donations, and Sums of Money, amounting to about £.300, have been given by several Persons, to be placed out at Interest, and applied for the Use and Benefit of the said Minister, and his Succefl’ors for ever; and that he, the Witness, has examined the Securities for such Donations and Legacies.

That the Parochial Chapel has been repaired by, and at the Expence of, the Inhabitants living within the Distrifil of the said Chapelry, who have confiantly been exempted from paying the Church Rates of the Parish of Rojihem, as he believes, having often examined and assisted in passing the Wardens Accounts for and Knutsford:That the said Parochial Chapel hav-

ing been many Years in a ruinous Condition, uo Repairs have been lately done to the Chancel, which

VOL. 23.

used to be repaired and maintained by the Owners of the said appropriate Refrory, out of the Tythes arising within the same Difirift; lor in Mr. said

Lease there is a Clause or Clauses, that he shall join with t.lie Lessee of the other Moiety of the small Ty thes, in repairing the said Chancel, and providing Wine for the Sacrament:

That the said Parochial Chapel is near a measured Mile from any House in the Chapelry, and inconveniently situated for the Inhabitants, and is in a ruinous Condition, Part thereof being fallen down, so that Divine Service has, for several Years, been performed in an ancient Building in Nether Knutsford, the Repairs whereof are paid out of the Constables Rates of Knutsford, as appeared by their Accounts:

That there is adjoining to the said Building an an-tient publick School, which is repaired in the same Manner; and the Schoolmaster has been nominated and appointed by Thomas Legli Esquire, and his Ancestors, who have conftaully paid to such Master a yearly Stipend of £.5 6s. 8 d.as appears by several Papers belonging to the Town, which the \\ itnels hath seen; and that several Donations and Sums of Money have been contributed to augment the Salary or Stipend of such Master, amounting to about too, and that he, the Witness, hath examined into the Securities for such Money.

Upon the whole, it appeared to the Committee, That the Appropriators of the Rectory, the Patron of the Vicarage, and the Vicar of the Parish Church of Rofthern, the Minister and Chapel Wardens of the Parochial Chapel of Nether Knutsford, and the Lprds of the several Manors of Nether Knutsford, Over Knutsford,

Ollerton, Tof t, and Bexton, and the principal Freeholders and Inhabitants within the DistricT of the said Chapelry, are contenting and desirous that the said Chapelry may be a separate and diltinct Parish from the rest of the Parish o \' Rojihem-, and to conlilt of the several Manors, Tow nlliips, or Hamlets, before mentioned, and all the Lands and Grounds lying w’ithin the fame; and that a new Church,may be eroded at the Expence of the Inhabitants of the said Chapelry, and a competent Provision made for the Maintenance and Support of the Minister of such new Church for the Time being; and that the Right of Presentation to the said new Church may be settled and establishedj and the said antient Building wdiere Divine Service is now' performed, and the School thereto adjoining, may be pulled down, and a new oneerefted at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Nether Knutsford; but that the same cannot be executed without the Aid of Parliament!

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making the Chapelry of Nether Knutsford, in the Parish o i Rojthern, in the County of Chef ter, a separate and distinctParish i and for erecting a Parish Church there* in,~endowing the fame, and settling the Right of Pre* fentation thereto: And that Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr.

Crewe, Mr. Brereton, and the Lord do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Clarke presented to the House, according to Itovfton,&c. Order, a Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers granted Road*, by Three several Acts, made in the Ninth and Twelfth Years of the Rc-ign of her late Majesty Queen Ann?, and in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late NI a-jesty King George the First, for amending the Highways leading from Ruyfon,in the County of HertJore!, to Wandsford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, 1° far as the same relate to the Roads lying in the M i(Idles and South Divisions of the said Highways: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Sir James Grant, Sir Thomas IT ales, Driffield

Nh.Brereton, I\Ir.Longuevillef>\v John CroJJe, Mr. Hucfcs* 0 u,<"

Sir John Ram/den, Sir Hum.Howarth, Vlr. Talbot, Mr.

Pollen, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. CurwtMr he added to the Committee to whom the Bill lor dividing

7 I and

Kensington, ire. hoath.

Supply.

5B2 12°----- Ij'

and inclosing several open Fields, Pa ft tires, and Commons, in the Townships of Great and Little

Driffield, in the County of York; and for settling certain yearly Payments of the Prebendary of Driffield, for the Time being, in lieu of hisTythes, pursuant to an Agreement, and an Award, made for those Purposes, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Hooper, Mr. Harris, Mr. Archer, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Ord, Mr. Southwell, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Sc awe n. Mr. Foley, Mr.

Berkeley, Mr. Pollen, Sir H. Monoid, Mr. Dinner, Mr. Ashe, Mr. Bladen, Sir Robert Clifton, Mr. Hucks, Colonel Mordaunt, Colonel OnflowLord Tyrconnel, Mr.

ArJ'cotl, Mr. Ia-heup, Mr. Portman, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Hume Campbell, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. John Finch, Sir James Loicther, Sir Thomas Hoby, Mr. Bockland, Mr. St. John, Mr. Pen'land, Mr. Kent, Mr. Bay ley. Lord Chetzcynd, Mr. Cornewall, M Sir IVm.

Irby, Mr. Stert, Mr. Boone, Mr. Gore, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kenflngton, Chelsea, and Fulham, and other

Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middle-lex; and for repairing some other Roads in the Parish St.George, Hanover Square, and the said Parishes of Kenflngton and Chelsea, is committed.

M r. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Tw’o thousand Six hundred Twenty-five Pounds Four Shillings and Three Pence Three Farthings, be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of the General Fund, for the Year ended at Michaelmas 1740.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand and Twenty-one Pounds Ten Shillings and One Peny Halfpeny, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties at Christmas

1739, pursuant to a Clause in an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fourth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for railing One Million Two hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, and a Lottery, for the Service of the Year *73'-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for One Year’s Interest, due on or before the 8th Day of September

1740, being after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, by them lent on Credit of the Salt Duties, towards the Supply of the Year 1735, pursuant to a Clause in an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings, for tile further Term of Four Years.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-three thousand Seven hundred and Eleven Pounds Eight Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of Twelve Shillings per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar, at Michaelmas 1739, to anf-wer Three Pounds per Centum per Annum Interest on Five hundred thousand Pounds charged thereon.

The said Resolutions bein" severally read a Second

JanuariL . 1740.

time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the an<1 whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 130 die Januarii;

Anno 14* Georgii ID* Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Trustees, whoseNamps are Gains-thereunto subsenbed, appointed by an Act, hon.ugh passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present <'uurtiu Majesty, for re-building the Parish Church of Gains-borough, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by the said Act, the Petitioners,!together with several other Persons therein named as Trustees, were authorized to cause the Body of the old Parish Church, and ' he ftes thereof, to be taken down, and to be r«.-’.»uilt after such Model, and according to such Dimensions, and with such Materials, as by the said Trustees should be agreed upon; and to cause an Asseftinent to be made yearly on all the Owners and Occupiers of Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, w'ithin the said Parish, except as in the said Act is mentioned, for raising Money to defray (he Expence of taking down and re-building the said Church; but such Expences were not to exceed Two thousand Five hundred Pounds, nor such Afteft’ments exceed Two hundred and Ten Pounds, in any One Year-, and the said Trustees, or any Eleven or more of them, were also impowered to assign over the Rates arising by the said Act, for any Term not exceeding Twenty-five Years, for borrow ing any Sum not exceeding Two thousand Five hundred Pounds, and to lay out the same according to the Directions of the said Act; that the said Sum of Two thousand Five hundred Pounds hath been raised in pursuance of the said Act; and although the fame, together with a further Sum of Four hundred and Sixty-five Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine Pence, hath been laid out, for and towards the taking down and rebuilding the said Church, yet the same hath not proved sufficient to defray the Expence of completing the said Building, and making the same fit for performing Divine Service therein; and therefore the PetitionersJiave caused an Estimate to be made by skilful Workmen, who have estimated that the Expence of completing the said Church will amount to the further Sum of One thousand Seven hundred Forty-four Pounds and upw ards, over and above the said Sum of Four hundred Sixty-five Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine Pence; which the said Trustees have actually laid out, and now owe, for Work and Materials for the said Church: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for raising a sufficient Sum of Money to finish and complete the Building of the said Church, and to make the same commodious and useful for all the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and defray the said Sum of Four hundred Sixty-five Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine Pence, so laid out by the said Trustees, as aforesaid, *>y such Ways, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem moll reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report tine fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vyner, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Kynaston, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Shephcard, Sir James Grunt, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Carew, Mr. Ro’le. Mr. dys, Mr. Wardour, Mr. Longucville, Sir Thomas , Mr. Brereton, Mr. Glanville, Sir Hat. Wms,

Sic

i4 Geo. II.

13° Januarii.

Sir Jof Pennington, Mr. Rutherford, Mr. Balle, Mr.

Hume Campbell, Mr. Gyb Mr. Mr. Oxvem

Mr. Ini tin, Mr. I racy, Sir Wm. Mr.

Sir Henr. Gough, Mr. Co Mr. Harley, Mr. Lifer,

Sir John Barnard, Lord Baltimore, Sir Nathanael Cur-zon, Sir John RamJ'den, Sir Thomas Read, Mr. Yorke, Sir

John Hed/licote; and all the Members who fervefor the Counties of Lincoln, York, and Nottingham: And they are to meet tins Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

Selby, &c. A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, principal Roud. Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, and of other Towns and Villages in that Neighbourhood; and also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Bradford, in the West Riding of I or If lire; and also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Halifax, in the West Riding of

V ere severally presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from the Town of Selby to the Town of Leeds, and from thence to the Towns of Bradford and Halifax, in (he said Riding, by reason of the many heavy Carriages passing through the fame, is become very deep, and, in the WinterSeafon,dangerous to Passengers; and that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes through which the said Road leads, cannot, by the Laws now in being for repairing the Highway - of thisKingdom,effectually repair the said Road: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Rill for repairing the Road aforesaid, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, and the Towns adjacent; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Borough o f Leeds,in the County of York-, are referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to report their Proceedings, from time to time, to the House.

Boordillon’s, Sir Humphry Hmoarth presented to the House, ac-&c. Nat. cording to Order, a Bill for naturalizing of Gideon Bourdillon and John David Billon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Doneafter to A Petition of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living in or near, and travelling through, the Road leading from Rotheram, in t he County of York, to Hill, in

the Parish of Penifton, in the same County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Road, by reason of the Deepness of the Soil, and many heavy Loads carried and drawn through the fame, is become so founderous in the Winter Sealon, that it isdan-gcrous to Pafl’engers, and cannot by the common Method appointed by the Laws now in being for repairing the Highwaysof this Kingdom, be effectually amended, and kept in Repair; and that if the said Road was well amended, and kept in good Repair, it would be very commodious and useful, not only to the Inhabitants in and about Rotheram aforesaid, but to all Traders in and to the Town of Manchejle and several other Places in I.ancashire, and the adjacent Counties, by an easy Conveyance of Goods to and from London, and other Parts of this Kingdom, the River Dun being navigable from Doneafter up to Rotheram, which is, by Computation, Vot. 23.

but Fourteen Miles from Salterjbrooke, in the Road from

Rotheram to Manchester; but that the Petitioners find Application is made by Petition to this House, praying that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Highways from Doneafter to Salterjbrooke aforesaid; from whence the Roads to Doneafter and Rotheram are the same for near Five Miles together, until they part at or near Hartcliffe Hill aforesaid, and therefore pray-

ing, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for repairing the Road leading from Rotheram to Hartcliffe Hill aforesaid; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of the GenPemeu, Tradesmen, Freeholders, Farmers, and Inhabitants, of tlieTown and Neiglihourhoodof Doneafter, in the County of York, and of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen,

Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Barnejley, in the said County of York, is referred: And that they do examine the Matterthereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Alderman Perry presented to the House, accord- Tr»rfe to , ing to Order, a Bill for opening a Trade to and from Perfta through Rujfia: And the same was received; u ia* and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Debts, Recovery of was read a Second time. fnrall Uebts.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, Fhat the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Eve Superiori,alias Smith: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefi'engers withdrew.

Superior/'* 2Vat. '

A Petition offeveralI^mdholders, Maltsters, and Brewers, in the Countieso f Middlefei, EjJexand

whoseNames are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, concerned in the Growth of Corn, and the Manufacture and Ule of Malt, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That by an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, for the encouraging ihoDif-tilling of Brandy and Spirits from Corn, which recites. That by an Act, made in the Parliament held in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, all Brandies, AquaFitce,waA Spirits, were prohibited to be imported into this Kingdom, and that good and wholesome Brandies, Aqua l ike.and Spirits, might be made

and drawn from maUed Corn; for the Encouragement therefore, of the Making of Brandy, ltrong M aters, and Spirits, from malted Corn, and for the greater Cou-fumption of Corn, and the Advantage of Tillage, in this Kingdom, a Duty of One Peny only was imposed on every Gallon of Low Wines, of the First Extraction, drawn and made from Drink brewed and made of any sort of malted Corn; and the several Duties of F.ight Pence, Twelve Pence, and Three Prnce, were imposed 011 every Gallon of such Low Wines, made or drawn from the several other Materials therein mentioned; and several Provisions were thereby made for obliging all Distillers to draw their Low Wines or Spirits, of the fiift Extraction, from clean and wholesome Drink, made of malted Corn entirely, without any Mixture with any Melasses, Wash, or Tilts, or other Materials whatsoever; and for the further Encouragement of Distillers and

others

Corn used ia

Diflillati®11*

584 130 Januari1740.

others to draw and make Spirits or Brandies from malted Corn, and to export the fame, a Drawback was allowed, upon Exportation, of Three Pence for every Gallon of Brandy or Spirits made and drawn from Drink brewed from malted Corn, without any Mixture with any other Materials: And further setting forth, That the said federal Duties were continued, and the said Provisions, with the Allowance of the said Drawback were re-enacted, by an A&. made in the Seventh and Eighth Year of the Reign of King William the Third; and that by an Act made in the Twelflh and Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King ll’illiam the Third, which imposed several new Duties on Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, the like Drawback is allowed upon Exportation of Spirits or Brandies made from malted Corn only, as aforesaid; but that, notwithstanding these and other Acts, made to encourage the Consumption of malted Corn, Distillers and others, in preparing Spirits, and other Liquors, use considerable Quantities of unmalted Corn, or Corn not futiiciently malted, the said Distillers pretending that they are licensed so to do, by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, whereby, for the Encouragement of Spirits drawn from Corn in Great Britaina Drawback upon Exportation is allowed of Four Pounds Eighteen Shillings for every Ton of Inch Spirits; and for every Ton of Spirits drawn from Barley, Malt, or otiier Corn, the Bounty of One Pond Ten Shillings is also directed to be paid to the Exporter of the lame, when Barley is at Twenty-four Shillings /jerQuarter, or under; which Act, nevertheless, doth not, as the Petitioners apprehend, repeal any of the Provisions made by the Acts before recited, for obliging all Distillers to draw their Ixiw Wines, or Spirits of the fii ft Extraction, from clean and wholesomeDrink.made of malted Corn intirely: And further represent ing, that by fuel)Use of unmaltedCorn, much lefsCorn, as well asMalt, is consumed;fmce, as the Petit ionersalTert, OnehundredQuarters of Corn produce One hundred and Five Quarters of Malt; and 62 Quarters Four Bushels of Wheat, or Seventy-five Quarters of Barley, beingbrewed and distilled,will produce the same Quantity or Spirits as One hundred Quarters of Malt; and the Drink thence distilled, by being more strong, is by the Compounders and Retailers thereof lowered and increased by Water, for which Increase noDuty is paid: And further setting forth, That the Duty paid by the Brewer upon One hundred Quarters of Malt brewed into Beer or Ale, is Thirty-three Pounds Eighteen Shillings and a Peny more than is paid by the Distiller upon the like Quantity of Malt and Com mixed together; and yet the Profit of the Distiller, arising the reby, is much greater than that of the Brewer, who must like-wife suffer by the Diminution in the Consumption of Ale rind Beer, occasioned by the Cheapness of Spirituous Liquors; which areltill, for that reason, so much drank by People of inferior Rank, notwithstanding the Act lately made for restraining the excessive Use thereof: And further representing to the House, That Spirits

drawn from Malt only, are more wholesome than such as

are now uftially drawn from unmalted Com mixed with Malt, which is so mixed in the Proportion of Seventy Quarters at least of unmalted Corn to Thirty Quarters of Malt: And further alleging, That with the Grains of unmalted Corn, now used in brewing and preparing spirituous and other Liquors, Distillers and others do feed and fat a great Number of Hogs; which would otherwise be better fed and fatted in the Country by Farmers, or would necessarily consume a great Quantity of Peas and Beans, and coarse Corn mixed with Grains, if the said Distillers and others were obliged to use malted Corn only: And therefore, in behalf of themselves, and many others, thus prejudiced by the Use of unmalted Corn, which also tends so much to the Diminution of the publick Revenue, praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give Relief to the Petitioners, by enforcing the said Laws heretofore made for the Consumption of malted Corn, or by such other Means as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the llotife, the Matters of Fact con- . tained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Glanv, Mr. Mr. Yor.ke, Sir John Barnard, Lord Barrington, Mr.

Tracy, Sir Henry Gough, Mr DanvSir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Kent, Mr. Careiv, Mr. Gyb'oon, Sir John Croffc, Mr. Woollaston, Sir James Grant, Lord Sidn.

Bean clerk, Mr. JVhilicor/h, Mr. I Talker, Admiral Stewart, Mr. Gihlart, Lord Quarendon, Sir,

Colonel Onslow, Mr. Onfloio, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Longue-ville. Lord Middlesex, Mr. Alderman Ileatlicote, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Archer, Mr. Harley, Mr, Lockwood, Mr. Compton, Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr, Hampucn, Mr. Gore, Sir James Dashwood, Mr. -wall, Mr. Carew, Mr. Ashby, Sir Thomas Mojlyn, Sir A hr. Elton, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Laroche, Mr.

Mr. Southwell, Mr. IVilbraham, Sir Jof.Pennington, Mr.

Fenwick, Mr. Prozc/e, Mr. Cono Mr.

Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Burrell, Sir Courtenay, Mr.

Erskine;and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surry, and Kent: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, u:id Records: And all that conic are to have Voices.

A Petition of JosephPorter, James and Porter’s

Abraham Defmarette, Merchants of London, formerly *'"Port trading to Spain, was presented to the House, and read; sPanifn setting forth. That, in the Months of May scad the Petitioners made considerable Remittances to Spain, for the Purchal’e of raw Silk, to be manufactured here; and actually bought to the Value of Five thousand Six hundred Pounds Sterling and upwards; but before the same could be brought home, the Court of Spain prohibited the exporting that Commodity to any otherCoun-try; and when the present War was declared, they were in great Danger of all the said Silks being seized for the Crown of Spain: That the Petitioners, after great Hazard, Loss, and Expence, got all, except a very small Quantity of their said Silk, out of Spain, and directed it to be sent to Leghorn-, where the greater Part of it now is; and from whence it might have been imported into England, if it could have been got thither, so as to have been brought over within the Time limited by an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for prohibiting Commerce with; which, by

reason of the War being declared, and the great Danger of being seized to the King of Spain's Use, could not pofilbly be effected: And therefore, in regard to the great Hazard, Loss and Expences, the Petitioners have been put to about their said Silk, so fairly and lawfully bought, without Prejudice to any of his Majesty’s Subjects, and which may be a great Benefit to the Manufacturers here, praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and give them such Relief in the Premiles, as by the House shall be thought tit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Southwell, Mr. LMr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Walpole, Mr. ham, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gybhon, Mr. ton, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Blagrave, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Ca Mr.

Mr. JTatts, Lord Quarendon, Mr. Archer, Mr. Crowle,

Mr. Huy, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Burrell, Sir Geo. Champion, Mr. Treby, Mr. C 'lultcrbiick, Sir Barnard, Mr.

More, Mr. Tower, Mr. Lockzvood, Mr. Taylor,

Colonel Bladen, Lord Limerick, Mr. Williams,

Colonel Selwun, Mr. IVilbraham, Mr. Falle, Mr.

Lysler, Sir Wm. Carew, Mr. Buyntun Holt, Mr.

Berkeley,

<0

14 Geo. II. 13* — 14'

Berkeley, Mr. Stephenson, Mr. Mr. Fane, Sir

Geo. Ca/lcall, Colonel Mr. Mr. Tracy,

Mr. IIucks, Mr. White, Sir Ileathcote, Mr. Hear.

Archer-, and all the Merchauts of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Exportation . The House, according to Order, proceeded to take ot Com- into Confuleration the Report from the Committee of

the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable his Majesty to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, and other Provisions, out of Great Britain, Ireland, and his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, was committed.

And the said Report was read; and several of the Amendments,madeby tlu Committee t.othesaid Bill, as far as Clause B, beingieverailv read a Second time, were, with Amendments to some of them upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause B, being read a Second time, and several Amendments being made to the faio Clause;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Importing llefolved, That this House will, upon Thursday , Morning next, resolve itfelt into a Committee of the jk> Scotland! whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Justices of Peace of the Shire of Edinburgh, met in One adjourned Quarter Sessions at Edinburgh, the 11th of November 1740; and also of the Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the City of Edinburgh, in behalf of themselves, and the Inhabitants of the said City; and also of the Petition of the annual Committee of the Convention of Boroughs, iu that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurit, 140 die Januarii;

Anno 14* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

QIDEON Bovrdillon, and John David Billon,

took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Stealing of Mr. Pulteney reported from the Committee, to whom ^*eeP* the Petition of the several Freeholders, Farmers, and Occupiers of Pasture Lands, and Grafters, in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex, whose N ames are thereunto subsevibed, on the Behalf of themselves, and of great Numbers of other Freeholders, Farmers, and Occupiers of Pasture Lands, and Grafters, in divers other Counties in this Kingdom, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition.

Peter Butler, Servant to Mr. Gays of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, was examined: Who said, That, about Six or Seven Weeks ago, he was watching his Maiter s Sheep at Paddington aforesaid, and that, about N ine o’Clock one Night, Four Men, in Soldiers Habits, went into the Field, and immediately seized One of the Sheep; upon which he presented his Gun at them, hut it mifi'ed firing; and thereupon Two of the said Men seized him, and beat him most severely, took his Gun from him, then tied him, and l’earched his Pockets, out of which they took a llalfpeny-worth ofTobacco; and in the mean time the other Two. Voi.. 23.

Januarit.

were stealing the Sheep: That he remained tied from Nine of the Clock till Eleven the same Night; and that he has not been able to make any Use of his Left-hand fincehe was foabufed: Of all which he has madry-. an Information before Colonel Deveil.

Richard Wetherell, of Ealing, in the County of MON dlesex \being examined, said, That on the 27th ctf NovemberYdXt he had Fourteen Sheep killed on his Land; and that the Persons took the Fat away of them all. htft left the Carcafl'es behind them; and that ever fincehe ha sheen obliged to have more Men to watch his Shee^, which is very expensive; and further, That the said Sheep were worth Nine or Ten Shillings a Piece.

Christopher Day,of Islington,in the County of -

sex,being examined, laid, That, about Twelve Months ago.heloftTenSheep; but that he caught the Man'that stole them, who was tried, convicted, and transported, for the lame. He further said, That, ft nee Michaelmas last, he has had the Meat and Fat of Fifteen Sheep stolen away, at different times; and, for these Three Months past, has been at great Expence and Trouble in watching his Sheep, being obliged not only to hire Three Men for that Service, instead of One, but also sometimes to watch himself, by reason he has the Care of other Persons Sheep upon his Land: He further said, That, within thele Five Years, he has had Two Men transported for the said Facts; but is of Opinion that they do not mind Transportation.

WilhaviCuxon, of St. John's Square, beingexamined, said, That, for Nine Years patt, he has, at various Times, loft several Sheep; that One Year he lolt Fifteen, and the last Year Three, worth One Pound Six Shillings each; and that his Neighbours have suffered in this Particular more than he. And he further said, That lie not only suffers by the Loss of his Sheep, but that great Damage is done to the rest of the Flock, by dispersing and frightening them; and that he is obliged to he at an Expence for an additional Watch to take care of them.

Nicolas Jelf, of Barking, in EJJ’ex, being examined, said, That, about Five Years ago, he haclTwo Sheep killed; that the Persons took the Fat and Carcasses away, but left behind them the Skins and Heads; and that the Sheep were well flayed: He further said, That he is at a great Expence in having an additional Watch upon his Land to look after his Sheep.

John Brown, of Southwark, in the County of , being examined, said, That, lincethe i8thof iVerxr/wforr last, he had loft Four Sheep; Three whereof were killed upon Christmas Day, and carried off, all but the Skins and Heads; and the other was stolen last He further said, That great Prejudice is done to the Flock, by the Delinquents putting them iu Confusion, and frightening them oft' the Ground.

Robert Skinner, of Newington, in the County beingexamined, said, That within these Three Years, he has loft near Thirty Sheep and Lambs; some of which have been killed on the Land, and some carried away alive: That he is now obliged to have an additional Watch, which is very expensive to him; and that he is convinced the Persons who are guilty of the aforesaid Practices do not value Transportation: But that, if some more effectual Remedy to deter them for the future be not provided, it will be impossible for Farmers, and other Occupiers of Lands, to make the Rents of the fame, as they now hold them.

It further appeared to the Committee, by the Evidence of all the said Witnesses, that they cannot plow up any Part of their said Farms, being restrained by Covenant from so doing: And also, That, within One Year past, One hundred and Thirty-four Sheep have been killed, and taken off the Lands in the Counties of Middlesex and Esse.v,worth 9.0s. each.

Upon the whole, the Committee came to th? following Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their P.etition, to the Satisfaction of the Committee.

7 K Resolved



5&> 140 Januarii. . 1740.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Laws in being, for preventing the Maiming and Killing of Sheep and Cattle, are defective and ineffectual.

The Second Refolntion, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to tender the Laws more effectual for preventing the Stealing and Destroying of Sheep, and other Cattle: And that Mr. Pulteney, Sir Smithson, Mr.

Sir William Clayton, Mr. Colonel Onslow, and

Mr. Laroche, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Driffield Sir Miles StapyUon reported from the Committee,

Inclosure. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several open Fields, Pastures, and Commons, in the Town-ships of Great Driffield, and Lillie Driffield, in the County of York-, and for settling certain yearly Payments to the Prebendary of Driffield, for the Time being, in lieu of his Tythes, pursuant to an Agreement, and an Award, made for those Purposes; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except James Moyfer Esquire, Christopher,

Elizabeth Hebdon, Anne , Mary who

chiefly manages Affairs for herself and her Sifter, Jane Manuell, William Stephen fan, Anne Hndffn, Manna-

duke Stephenson, Jane Binnington, Stephenfm,

William Gardiner, and John the elder; who,

ieing informed that an Application would be made to Parliament, to obtain an Act to confirm the Articles, then lliewed to them, for the said Division and Inclosure, said. They would not oppose fuel) Act; and also except Mary and Anne Oliver, Thomas,

Mary Luccock, John Webjler, Richard Clarke, Robert Gilbank, Elizabeth Wife, the Heir of *

Widow, and Samuel H most of whom were applied to, for their Content; but would not give any Answer; the Interest of which lait-named Persons is not One-hundreth Part of the whole Property belonging to the Parties concerned; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supericri’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, an Act *at- for naturalizing Eve Superiori, alias Smith, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Doncader to A Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Per-T«rk Hoads, fons, living near, and usually travelling through, the Roads leading from Ferry Bridge to Weatherly, and from Weatherly to Borough Bridge, in the County of York, was prefeuted to the House, and read; setting forth. That the above-mentioned Roads are, by reason of many heavy Carriages frequently passing through the fame, become so bad, in the Winter Season, that they are dangerous to Passengers, and cannot, by the ordinary C'ourse appointed by the Laws for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, be effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, for the Accommodation -of Travellers, without some other Provision be made for raising Money for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Roads aforesaid, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, Thatthe said Petition be referred to the Con-fuleration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy,

14

Freeholders, Farmers, and others, of the West Riding of the County of York, assembled at the General

v m

Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at Pont efr act, in

and for the said Riding, on Tuefdaythe 15th Day of

April, in the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty’s

Reign; and also of sundry others, Justices of the

Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Tradesmen,

and Farmers, as well of the said Riding, as of the City

and County of the City of York-, whose Names arc

thereunto subscribed; is referred: And that they do

examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as

it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the High Sheriff and Grand Jury, Drawback met together at the Allizes held at for the ofrVut/

County of Cornwall, the Si ft July 1740, and also of °u 03 *‘ the principal Inhabitants of the said County, on behalf of themselves, and a great many others, was prefen ted to the House, and read; letting forth, That several antient Tin and Copper Mines in the said County of Cornivall, formerly very profitable, are worked 1b deep, and are so situate, that it is impossible for the Water to be drawn and kept out of them, without the help of Fire Engines; and that several other Mines are l’o greatly corrupted with Mundick, Iron, and other bale Metals, as that the Tin Ore, arising the reout, cannot be melted and refined, until calcined in Burning-houles; which is a great Discouragement totliePio-prietors and Adventurers, and renders them incapable to undertake the Working of them, on account of the high Price of, and Duty on, Coals, to the great Loss of the said County and Kingdom in general, and Detriment to his Majesty’s Revenues arising from the Duties on Candle-, Iron, Gunpowder, foreign Timber and Di- ils. great. Quantities of which are used in the Tin and (’upper Mines, to work, secure, and fnppoi t, the lame; and that as an Encouragement for Railing of Tin and Copper Ores, a Drawback on the Duties on Coals consumed in smelting them, was granted by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of Queen Anne, which has had its delired Effeft; and that the Petitioners apprehend, was the like Drawback to be allowed for all Coals consumed in working the intended Fire Engines, and calcining of such Tin Ores, they should be enabled to work the old Mines again; which would give Bread to several thousand Tinners, now in Want, and unemployed, and considerably increase the Quantities of Tiu and Copper, to the Benefit of the whole Kingdom, and Improvement of his Majesty’s Revenue; and likewise increase the Number of Sailors in the CoalTrade, as well as the Workers in those Mines: And therefore praying such Relief and Encouragement as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

A Petition of the Royal African Company of Eng- African land being offered to be prefeuted to the House; Company.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That his Majesty, being informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to their Consideration.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That the House having granted, in the last Session of Parliament, the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, towards the Maintenance of the Brit if 1 Forts and Settlements belonging to the Petitioners there, the said Sum hath been applied accordingly: And it having appeared to the House, that the said Forts and Settlements cannot be supported, and the Trade preserved, without the Aid of Parliament, therefore praying, That such further Provision may be made in the Premises, as to the House shall feeni meet.

Ordered, Thatthesaid Petition dolie upon the Table.

Ordered, Thatthe Royal African Company of England do lav beforetliis House,the Establishment for their several Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa:

with

i4 Geo. II.

15* Jamlarii.

with the Charges thereof, for the Year 1740* distinguishing how much of the same is on the Account of Trade, and how much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Settlements; and also an Account, how the Money granted in the last Session and Parliament, towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, hath been disposed of.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charges of the Royal African Company of England, for the Maintenance of the several British Forts and Settlements belonging to the said Company on the Coast of , for the Year 1741, be laid before this House.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

liefolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, relbive itself into the said Committee.

Ways and The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Means. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Mean's for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Jlefoived, That this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Exportation The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of of torn. the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable his Majesty, to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, and other Provisions, out of Great Britain, Ireland, and his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, was committed.

And other Amendments being made to Clause B, the said Clause, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause C, the next Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time, and amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Two next Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being ClausesD and E, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, disagreed to by the House.

The rest of the Amendments, made by the said Committee, being Clauses F, G, H, I, K, L, M, being Severally read a Second time, and amended, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon; agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for limiting the Times for returning the Certificates of landing the Commodities tnentioned in the Bill:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks I which were filled up: And the said Clause was amended.

Then the said Clause, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause, was offered to be added to the Bill, to impower the Governors or Commanders in Chief of Colonies in America, to grant Licences for the Exportation of a limited* Quantity of Provisions, for the Use of His Majesty’s Subjects in the Bay of peachy, and the Bay of Honduras:

And die said Clause being twice read, with Blanks;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

jfovis, 150 die Januarii;

Anno i4* Georgii II41 Regis, 1740.

Pray eks.

THE Housebeinginformed,that Mr. Secretary to GreenwichHospital,attended atthe Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, prefen ted to the Greenwich House, pursuant to their Order, a State of the yearly Hospital. Expence of Greenwich Hospital: And also.

An Account, shewing how the Money, granted last Session of Parliament, for Greenwich Hospital, has been disposed of.

He also prefen ted to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, a Report of the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, as to what Money has been received from the Derwentwater Estate in the Year 1740; and of their Proceedings in carrying on the Building.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said State, Account*and Report were read.

The said State, Account, and Report, are as fol — loweth; viz.


VOL. 23.

A STAT

0

D

cq‘

n'

CD

Q.

cr

o

o

17 th January, 174?. A STATE of the yearly Revenue and Expence of Greenwich Hospital; prepared in pursuance of an Order of the HonourableHouseof Common's,

dated the 7 th January 174*

Cn

OO

OO

Estimate of the Revenue.

The Six Pence per Man per Men/em, of 35,000 Seamen, voted for the Service of the Year 1740, estimated at -

The Six Pence per Man per Menfem, for Seamen employed onboard his Majesty’s Ships in ordinary -

The Six Pence per Man per Menfemyof Seamen employed in the Merchant Service, estimated at -

The Three Light-houses on the Forelands -

The Rent per Annum of Honfes -

There is verted in South Sea Annuities, by Order of the Court of Chancery, the Sum of £. 3,800 devised to the Hospital; which Sum is to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands; and, in the mean time, the Hospital receives Interest, at £. 4 per Cent. -

S dm Estimate of the Expence. £'

—— The Maintaining of 1,000difabled Seamen, with the Officers, Servants, and Nurses, upon the present Establishment, is estimated at - 22,640 — —

*4 4 The ordinary Repairs in and about the Hospital, including the Wages of the Officers of the Works, are estimated at about ----- 2,020

— Contingent Charges are about - - - 755

4 18 8 £ 25»4i5

152 — —

By Order of the Commissioners,

WiU.

Revenue ffiort of the Expence

Note, The Half Pay of the Lieutenant Governor, and other military Officers, of the Hospital, which is at present applied in Aid to the Revenue of the Hospital, and may be £. s. d. d lifted from the above Deficiency, amounts to - 643 7 —

The Wages, and Value of the Provisions, allowed the Chaplains of the Ordinary of Deptford and , which

are at present applied in like manner, they being the Chaplains of the Hospital, amount to - - - 107 — —

But the said Sums, being uncertain, are not brought to Accountas Part of the Revenue of the Hospital.

19*474 17 ~ I 5,940 3 —

*5*4«5-----

750 7 —

Note, That the Articles of Seamen in his Majesty’s and the Merchants Service, will be more or less according to the Number employed.

as

15® Janmrii A. 1740

14 Geo. II. 150

14th January 1 An Account shewing how the Money granted last Session of Parliament, for Greenwich Hospital, 174?-. 3 has been disposed of; prepared in pursuance of an Order of the honourable House of Commons, dated 7th January 174-f.

.d

The Expence of maintaining 550 additional disabled Seamen, with 33 Nursef, being Widows of Sea Officers, or poor Seamen, for the Year 1740, exceeded, (on account of the Dearness of Provisions and Necessariesl the Sum of - -- 10,000 o >o

Note, That the Accounts of the Hospital are cleared, and paid, only on the 30th of September last.

By Order of the Commissioners.

William Corbett.

14th January 1740-1.

In Obedience to the Directions of an Act, passed in the First Session of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Denventivater, and Charles Radcliffe;

Requiring the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen, at Greenwich, to contract and agree with able and sufficient Tradesmen, Artificers, or other Persons, for finishing and completing the said Royal Hospital in a workmanlike and substantial Manner, on theeafielt and most reasonable Terms, according to the Plan laid before the House of Commons, in the said Session of Parliament; and to lay their Proceedings therein before his Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament, respectively;

THE Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital do humbly report as followeth;

s. d.

There has been received, between the ill of December 1739, and the 3°^ of 1740, out

of the Rents of the Estate - -- 3,720 o o

As to their Proceedings in carrying on the Building:

In Queen Anne's Court,

Apartments for Two Captains arc completely finished, and a large Drain made from the South Pavilion of this Court to the great Sewer on the East Side of the Hospital.

The Paving of the Upper Gallery is laid, and the Mezzanine and Attic Stories of the South Pavilions are near finished.

In Queen Mary's Court,

The Body of the Colonnade is wholly laid, and near covered in; the vaulted Arches of the Hall, under the Chapel, and those under the Dome, are finished; the vaulted Arch over the great Kitchen, and great Part of that over the First Story of the East and South Buildings, are also completed; a large Drain is made from the Middle of the South Building of this Court to the great Sewer on the East Side of the Hospital; greatest Part of the Earth is dug out, and carried away, from the East Colonnade, and the Upper Stories of the North East and South Pavilions of this Court are near finished; and, in the Mezzanine and Stories of the East and South Buildings, the Salhes and Frames are put in, and glazed.

A subterraneous Passage is made from the Colonnade of King William's Court to the new Brew-house; and a large Well is dug, and finished; a new Engine is made, and Pipes carried up from it to the great Reservoir, which contains One hundred Tons of Water; and is designed to serve Two Stories of the whole Hospital; the said Reservoir is lined with Lead; and a large Main is carried from it through the fubterraneousPassage to the West Colonnade, from whence Branches are to be carried into the several Courts and Apartments of King Charles's and King William's Buildings.

The great new Copper in the Brevvhouse is set; and a large leaden Pipe is laid from it through the subterraneous Passage to the West Colonnade; which Pipe is to serve the DiningHalls with Beer.

The new Brewhouse is also very near finished.

All which Works were brought to Account in September last, and amounts to the Sum of Eleven

thousand One hundred Seventy-three Pounds and Eleven Pence - - - - 11,173 o if

The ordinary Works and common Repairs, with Allowances, amounts to the Sum of One thousand Nine hundred and Seven Pounds Nine Shillings and Nine Pence - - - - 1,907 9 9

Total - 13,080 10 8

Note, There has been paid by the Receivers, out of the Money arising from the Rents and Profits of the Estate, on account of building and repairing the Tenants Houses, and other necessary Repairs on the Estate, between the ill of December 1739 and the 30th of November 1740 ----- £i,^7° 1 5i

By Order of the Commissioners,

William Corbett.

Ordered, That the said State, Account, and Report, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the I louse.

The House being informed, that Mr. Arnold, from the Secretary at War, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners ol Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1741.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as follows; viz.

Clielfea Out Pen-lioners.

Vol. 23.

7l estimate

Nether

Knutsford

Kndowment.

St. George Hanover Square Endowment,

590 150 Jauuarti. A. 1740.

‘ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of ChAfm Hospital, for the Year 1741.

3,865 Out Pensioners Handing at present upon the Books of the Hospital at 5

per Diem each....

100 Letter meu, at nd. per Diem each -

39 Serjeants, at gd. per Diem each -

From which deduct.

Per Diem.

for 365 Days.

£. s. d.

80 ! 5

5-----

1 9 3

£ s. d.

29,390 1

1,815 — ‘ —

533 16 3

86 ig 8

31,748 18 4

The Sum of Twenty-six thousand Eight hundred Pounds, which, by Estimation, may be applica-'

ble towards defraying this Expence out of the Poundage of the Forces, for the Year 1741 - 26,800 — ~ —

Remains to be granted, upon Account, for the Out Petvioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the

Year 1741 ----- - 4,948 18 4

Whitehall, 15th January 174^.

In the Absence of the Secretary at War.

Richard

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Cholmondeley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making the Chapelry of Nether Knutsford, in the Parish of R in the County of Chester, a separate and distinct Parish; and for erecting a Parish Church therein, endowing the fame, and settling the Right of Presentation thereto: And the same was received: and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hume Campbell reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, there was produced the last Will and Testament of the honourable William Steu art, late of the Parish of St. George, Hanover Square, in the County of Esquire,

dated the 31st Day of May 1726; by which it appears, That he bequeathed the Sura of 5000l. of Irish Money, to b& laid out and applied. Ten Vears after his Deceaie, in building and endowing a School in the said Parish of St. George, in such manner as his Executors should think fit: And appointed his Wife Elizabeth Steuart, and his Nephew James Steuart, Executors; who have duly proved the said Will.

It also appeared to the Committee, That the said Executors, being defiirous to carry the said Will into Execution, applied to the High Court of Chancery for that Purpose; in pursuance of which a Decretal Order was made by the said Court (which was produced, dated the Ilth Day of August 1736), in a Cause wherein John Willes Esquire, then his Majesty’s Attorney General, at the relation of Dennis Rond Esquire, and James Spilman Esquire, Churchwardens of the Parish of St. George, were Plaintiffs, and the said James and Henry

Rowe Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, late Elizabeth Steuart, were the Defendants: By which it was ordered. That the Sum of 4,484 I.6s. id. of lawful Money of Great Britain, being the Amount of the said 5,000l. Irish Money, should be laid out in the Three per Cent. Annuities, in the Name of the inxdjames Steuart, Henry Rowe, and Elizabeth his Wife, who should declare the Trull thereof, subject to the Order of the said Court: And that, until such time as a Piece of Freebold Ground could be purchased, to erect the said School upon, the Produce of the said Annuities should be accumulated, for the Benefit of the said Charity: And that as soon as a Piece of Ground could be found, to erect the said School upon, the said Trustees should, with the Appro-4

bation of the said Court, erett a School thereon; and that Twenty Boys of the said Parish of St. George should be therein taught to read and write, and be clothed, at the Expence of the said Charity.

It appeared like wile, by the Mailer’s Report (which was also produced, dated 18th March 1-36.) That the said Trustees did, in Obedience to the find Decree, lay out the said Sum in the ptirehaft: of Three per Cent. Annuities; and by tli ir Deed Poll have severally declared, That the said Three per Cent. Annuities now Hand in their Names, upon Trnft, to be subjefrl to such Order as the said Court should hereafter think lit to make or pronounce touching the fame.

Henry Rowe Esquire acquainted the Committee, That the Trustees have endeavoured to ptm-hase Freehold Land in the said Parish, to erect the School upon; but have not been able to procure any for that Purpose: For which Reason they made Application for a Faculty, to erect a School npou the Church Wall, in-llead thereof: but that some of the Inhabitants of the said Parish obtained a Prohibition against it.

Mr. Simon Parry, Vestry Clerk of the said Parish,

produced the Minute Book of the said Vestry; by which it appeared, That, on the 30th of x 740,

an Agreement was entered into, between the Trustees and the Churchwardens, Vestry, and principal Inhabitants, of the said Parish, to consent to transfer and pay the said Annuities to the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Chidren, in Consideration that they should receive Twelve poor Boys of the said Parish, being under the Age of Three Years, and maintain them: And, so often as any Vacancy shall happen in the said Number of Twelve, that such Vacancy shall be filled up by other poor Boys of the said Parish.

Mr. Herman Verelfi, Secretary to the said Governors and Guardians, produced Minutes of a General Board, dated the 31st of December last; whereby it appeared. That the said Governors and Guardians consented to the before-mentioned Agreement.

Upon the Whole, it appeared to the Committee, That all the Parties concerned have consent. d to the said Agreement; which will be more beneficial to the Parish of St. George, than if the said School had been built and endowed according to the said Decree, and will answer thecharitable Intentions of the said Tellator; but that the same cannot be carried into Execution without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for confirming and carrying into Execution an Agreement, made between James Steuart Esquire, Henry Rowe Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife (which said James and Elizabeth were Executors of live last Will of the honourable William Steuart Esquire, deceased), and the Vestry of the Parish of St. George, Hanover Squin the County of Middlesex, of the One Part; and the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education

Regulating Trials at Ni Priuf.

Importing Virtual from Scotland to Ireland.

Exportation of Corn.

14 Geo. II. 15° — 160 591

cation of exposed and deserted young Children, of the other Part: And that Mr. H Campbell, Mr. Hucks, and Mr. Laroche, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the wholeHouse, upon the Bill for regulating Trials at and for the

more effectual Summoning of Special Juries;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself intoa Committee of the wholeHouse, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Jttftices of Peace of the Shire of Edinburgh, met in an adjourned Quarter Session at Edinburgh, the 11 th of November, 1740; and also of the Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the City of Edinburgh, in behalf of theraselves, and the Inhabitants of the said City; and also of the Petition of the annual Committee of the Convention of Royal Boroughs, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had considered the said Petitions, and had oome to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read*

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable his Majesty to prohibit, for a

Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, and other Provisions, out of Great Britain, Ireland, and his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, was committed.

And the other Clause, offered Yesterday, to be added to the Bill, was amended: And the Blanks in the said Clause were filled up.

Then the said Clause, so appended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And several other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris 160 die Januarii;

Anno 14° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

THE House being informed. That Mr. Wood, De- Greenwich puty Treasurer erf Greenwich Hospital, attended Hospital. at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account, shewing how much Money has been received by the Treasurer of the said Hospital, from Chri/t-mas 1739 to Christmas 1740* and how the same has

been applied.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

Greenwich Hospital, > An ACCOUNT, shewing how much Money has been received by the Treafuper of the 16th January 1740.I said Hospital, from Christmas 1739 to 1740* and how the same has been

applied.

Sum.

£‘ ti.

Received for Seamens Six-pences, employed in the Merchants Services, OneYear toNovemben740 6,367 19 11

Received on account of Abatements on Seamens Wages, employed in his Majesty’s Service - 6,000 ——

Received for the Duties on the Light-houses on the North and South Forelands, One Year, to

Michaelmas 1740 - -- -- >>445 4 -

Received the Money granted by Parliament, Anno 1739 and 1740 - -20,000 — ---

Received the Chaplains Wages, and Groats on Deptford and Woolioich Ordinaries, One Year, to

Christmas 1739 - - - - 76 2 6

Received for Provisions due to the Chaplains of the said Ordinaries, One Year, to Lady-day 1740 28 16 ——

Received the Chaplains Groats on sundry Yachts, from the ill 7 38 to the 30th

ber 1739.....-.....45 6 ®

Received the Officers Half Pay, One Year, to Midsummer 1740 - 668 19

Received the Deductions of Three Pence in the Pound from the Officers on their Half Pay - 48 6

Received for Six-pences abated from Seamens Wages, employed in victualling Vessels, One Year,

to Christmas 1739 - -- -- 11 8

Received for Rent of Houses, Sic. belonging to the Hospital ----- 279 18 8

Received a Donation from the Widow of John War ter Esquire ----- 100 ——

Received of the Accountant General in Chancery, on account of Interest on sundry South Sea Annuities, Two Years and a Half, to Midsummer 1740 - - - -' 368 — "

Received on account of the Derwentxoater Estate - 3,720 — "

Total - £. 39,116 4

Which laid Sums, together with what remained in the Treasurer’s Hands, on the Balance of the last Account, have been applied, as on the other Side; viz.

Vox.. 23.

Treasurer

1

Treasurer. Dr.

To C.afh remaining in the Treasurer’s Hands on Balance of last Account

To {undry Imprest Receipts, then {landing out -

To the Treasurer’s Receipts, from Christmas 1739 to 1740, as on

the other Side -

Total -

o

c9'

n'

CD

CL

cr

nS

Sum.

£. s. d. 1,19° 9 4i

2,115-----

39,116 4 6*

42,421 13 ni

tn

SO

*. Per Contra.

Cr.

By paid Six Months Houshold Books, ending March 1740 Six Months Contingencies,

Six Months Books of current Works, D° -A Book of measured Works, Six Months, D°

A Book of Works, done in the South Pavilion of Queen Anne's Court, Six Months,

' A Book of Works, done in Queen Mary's Court, Six Months, ending D°-----

By paidSixMonths Houshold Books,ending-St^/mier 1740 11,709 17 Six Months Contingencies, D°

Six Months Books of current Works, -A Book of measured Works, Six Months, D°

A Booktff Works, done in the South Pavilion of Queen Anne's Court, Six Months, />----- A Book of Works, done in Queen Court, Six

Months, ending D°-----

& s. d.

8,830 *7 i\

189 7 7

799 8 1

273 7 7

237 8 10

2,227 10 —

11,709 17 4 i

278 15 8

1,108 1 8

485 7 6

*,099 *9 4

6,887 — 10

By paid Rent due to MordenCollege, One Year, to Lady-day 1740 By paid sundry Fees and Allowances for auditing and passing the Accounts By sundry Imprelt Receipts uncleared -

Balance

Total -

For Hercules Baker Esquire, Treasurer,

James Wood, Deputy.

Sum.

£. s. d.

12,557 *9

21,569 2 4$

21-----

54 0 — 3.957 16 8

38,160 4 4,261 9

42,421 13 ni

16* Januarii. 1740.

1

14 Geo. II.

16" Janua

593

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table-, to be perused by the Members of the House.

African The House being informed, that Mr. Ac-

Forta, &c. Con,ptant to the African Company, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, pfefented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

The Establishment of the Royal African Company of England, for their several Forts and Settlements on the Coafi: of Africa, with the Charges thereof, for the Year 1740; distinguicting how much of the same is on Account of Trade, and how much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Fortsand Settlements: And also, an Account how the Money, granted in the last Section. of Parliament, towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, hath been disposed of: And also,

An Eftiroate of the Charges of the Royal African Company of England, for the Maintenance of the several British Forts and Settlements belonging to the said Company on the Coast of Africa, for the Year 1741.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Establishment and Estimate were read.

Ordered, That the said Establishment and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Establishment and Estimate are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Transport Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House Service. Gf the Charge for Transport Service for the Year 1740.

Vidnalling Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House the Forces. of £Xpence of victualling his Majesty’s Land Forces, lent on the Expeditions to

Navy Debt. Ordered, That the State of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it stood at Chrijhnas last, be laid before this House.

Doncaster to Sir John Ramsden reported from the Committee to York Road*. wj,om tjje Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Farmers, and others, of the West Riding of the County of York, afi'embled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at Pontefract,in and for the said Riding, on Tuesday the 15th Day of April, in the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign; and also of sundry others, Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Trades-men, and Farmers, as well of the said Riding, as of the City and County of the City of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Persons, living near, and usually travelling through, the Roads leading from Ferrybridge to Weatherby, and from IVeatherby to Boroughbridge, in the County of York, were referred; That the Committee had examined the Mattes of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows;-viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. Richard Burden and Mr. William Dickenson,

being severally examined, said, That the Road from the City of York to the Town of is, and has

been for several Years past, in a very ruinous Condition, and dangerous to Persons travelling through the lame, either in Coaches or other Carriages, or on Horleback, occasioned by many heavy Loads being drawn on the fame, and the great Number of Cattle drove from the North Part of England to London:

That, by the Laws now in being, the said Road cannot be amended, and kept in Repair; the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, Mhrough which the same lies, having ineffectually exceeded their Statute-work.

With regard to the Second Petition, Mr. 'Thomas Vol. 23.

Thompson being examined, said, That he had travelled

the Road from Ferrybridge to Burr fevered

Years, but never knew it in so ruinous a Condition

as it was the last Time he travelled it.

That the Post Road from Wetherby to Burrowbridge, which is Eight computed Miles, is in so ruinous a Condition, and so dangerous to Travellers in Coaches, that they are obliged to go several Miles about, notwithstanding the Statute-work has been constantly performed on the fame.

Mr. George Lloyd and Mr. John severally

confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Thomp with regard to the ruinous Condition of the Road, and the Danger to Passengers; and added, That they believed it was occasionea by the great Number of heavy Carriages frequently passing on the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Roads from Dcttcaster to Ferrybridge, and from thence to the City of York; and also from Ferrybridge, through Weatherby, to Burrowbridge, in the County of York: And that Sir John Ramsden, Mr.

Chtlmley Turner, Mr. Yorke, Sir Conyers Darcy, and Sir William Lowther, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Traders, and Inhabi- Selby-, Ac. tants, of Bowling and Wibfey, and other Places adjacent, ^oad* in the West Riding of the County of York, was prefenfc-ed to the House, and read; reciting a Petition, depending before a Committee of this house, relating to the Roads leading from the Town of Selby, in the same Riding, to the Towns of Bradford and Halifax, in the said Riding; and lotting forth, That the Road leading from the Town of Leeds, over Cutler Height, through Bowling and Wibfey, to Halifax aforesaid, by reason of the many heavy Carriages passing through the fame, it being the levelleft and most frequented Road for Carriages of the Woollen Manufactory, and other Commodities, made and consumed in that trading and populous Part of the Country, is become very deep, and, in the Winter Season, dangerous to Passengers; and that the Inhabitants of the several Towns through which the said Road leads, cannot, by the Laws now in being, effectually repair the said Road: And therefore praying, That, in the Bill desired by the said Petition, now depending before a Committee of this House a Clause may be added for the repairing the Road aforesaid, in fuel) Manner, and by such Means, as to House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to tho Consideretion of the Committee to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, and the Towns adjacent; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and 13ur-geffes, of the Borough of Leeds, in the County of OTork, are referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Landholders, and In- God man-habitants, of Huntingdon, Godmanchester, St. Ives, chester

ton, and Hemingsfords, in the County of Huntingdon, oa whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth; That the Road leading from Godtnanchester aforesaid, through to the antient and famous University of Cambridge, is of great life to the Petitioners, who frequent the several Markets held at Huntingdon, St. Ives, and Cambridge, and is the Road by which all the Inhabitants of the Northern Counties of this Kingdom pass to the said University, and by which the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Essex, communicate with all the said Northern Counties, and receive a great Supply of Wool lor carrying on their several Manufactures; and that many hundred Waggons pass the said Road to Stirbilch Fair annually, in the Month of September; and that the said ltoad, leading through a flat Country, where Materials are lcarce and dear, the several Parishes are unable to repair it by the ordinary Methods prescribed by L*',!

594 !o Januariu 1740.

lo that the same is become very ruinous, and altnoft impalluble, to the great Detriment of the Petitioners, and ail others, whole Bufmel's requires them to pais that way: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration; and to give the Petitioners such Relief therein, as to the House shall feeni meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Clarke, Mr. Pigott, General

Handajyde, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Hales, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Ord, Mr. Danvers, Mr.

Fane, Mr. Treby, Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Archer, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Mr. Puller, Sir

Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Howe, Sir Lowther, Mr.

Southwell, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Glut ter buck, Mr. Brereton, Sir JoJ. Pennington, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Edgcumbe, Mr. Longueville, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Mr. Balle, Air.

Lindejay, Mr. Cornewall, Sir Myles Stapylton, Air.

Campbell, Mr. Turner; and all the Alembers whoserve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, Northampton, York, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

ris A Petition of the Trustees appointed to putin Exe-

Road. cution an Act, passed in the First Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Chatteris Ferry, which divides the lile of Ely from the County of Huntingdon, to Hammond's Eau Bridge, and from thence to Somersham Bridge, at Somersham Town’s End, in the same County, was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by the said Act several Tolls were granted, and Powers given, for effectually repairing the said Road, which commenced from the lft of May 1728, and are to continue for the Term of Twenty-one Years: That, in pursuance of a certain Power in the said Act, 800l. have been borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls, which Sum remains unpaid; and that, although that Aloney hath been duly applied, together with the Income arising from the Tolls, towards repairing the said Road; yet the same lying through a deep Fen and moorish Soil, is at present far from being sufficiently repaired; nor can the same be effectually done, and the aforesaid Debt discharged, unless the Term granted by the said Act be enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act of the First Year of his present Majesty’s Reign; and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premiles, as to the House shall l’eem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Air. Clarke, Mr. Pigott, Air, Bromley, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Clutterbuck, Sir JoJ. Pennington, AI r. Edgecumbe, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Hales, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Mr. Lindejay, Sir Miles Stapylton, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Ball, Mr. Turner, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Shepheard, Mr. Glanville, General Handajyde, Mr. Montague, Mr. Lifter, Lord Beauclerk, Mr. Howe, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr. Sir

John Peachy, Mr. Archer, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Williams, Sir Roger Bradjhaigh, Mr. Scrope, Lord Fere Beauclerk, Mr. Fenwick-, and all the Alembers who serve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Peter Standley Esquire, Lord of the

Alanor of Waterbeack, and of the principal Owners and Occupiers of several Fen Lands, within the Parishes of Waterbeach and Wicken, in the County of Cambridge, and within Stretliam and Thetjord, in the Hie of Ely, and County aforesaid, commonly culled Waterbeach Level: and of the Owners of the several and rel'peftive antient commonable Alefi’uages in Waterbeach, Stretham, and Thetjord, aforesaid, whole Names arc thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Level contains about 4,500 Acres of Fen and low Grounds, 2,500 Acres whereof, or thereabouts, are commonable Lands, and the rest are several Lands; the greatest Part of which said Level is within the said Alanor of Waterbeach, and the rest within the Parishes of Wicken, Stretham, and,

aforesaid; but that the said Fen Lands, being so subject to Inundations, through the Defect of their Outfalls to Sea, the same are of very little Benefit to the Petitioners; and yet may be made good and profitable Land, if an Act of Parliament can be obtained to enable the Petitioners to drain, and keep the same drained, for the future, in like manner as the Owners and Occupiers of Land, within several other Levels within the said lile, in the like Condition, have been, by several late Acts of Parliament, enabled to do: And that, to the end that such of the Petitioners, who have Right of Common within the said Manor of Waterbeach, in general, may have the full Benefit thereof, according to their rel’peftive Rights and Interests therein, the said Lord of the Alanor of Waterbeach aforesaid, and such of the Petitioners as have Right of Common within the said Alanor, have entered into Articles of Agreement, in Writing, for settling and adjusting their several Rights of Common within the said Alanor, and the Number and Stint of Cattle to be kept thereon, and for the better Regulation and Government of the said Common for the future: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to drain, and keep drained, the said Level, and to establish and carry the said Agreement into Execution, in such Afanner, and by such Ways and Aleans, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Alatter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:.

And it is referred to Mr. Bromley, Mr. Shepheard-, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Longueville, Sir Charles Wager, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Lindejay, Sir Thomas Lowther, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Turner, General Handajyde, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Howe, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Pigott, Captain Cornewall, Mr. Guidott, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Drummond, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Plumptre, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Hales, Mr. Walker, Lord S. Beauclerk, Mr. Archer, Sir Roger Bradjhaigh, Mr. Winnington, Air.

Lord Guernsey, Mr. Henr. Archer, Mr. Air. Clut-

ter buck, Sir Hum. Howarth, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Wyndham Aflie, Sir Cross, Lord

Tyrconnel, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Prowje, Sir Miles Stapylton-, and all the Alembers who l'crve for the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, and Ncrjclk: And they arc to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Thomas Harvey, John John W

and Joftma Harle, Churchwardens, and also of the an-tients, and oilier the Inhabitants, of the Purish of Bo-tolph, without Aldgate, in the City of and Coun-

ty of Middlesex, whole Names arc thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Church of the said Parish of St. Bctclph, without Aldgate, is a very antient Church; and notwithstanding considerable Sums of Aloney have been laid1 out by the Inhabitants of the said Parish, in repairing and supporting the fame, the greatest Part thereof is in great Danger of falling down, and the other Part is in

a very

Waterbeack

Drainage.

St. Botolpk without Ald-"atu Church.

Importation of Visual from Ireland to Scotland.

Bernard's

Nat.

Supply Bill; Duties on Malt.

14 Geo. II.

1 6° Januarii.

595

a very ruinous Condition, insomuch, that, in the Opinion of very able and experienced Workmen, it is abio-lutely necessary to rebuild the said Church: And there-, fore praying the House, That the Petitioners may have Leave for bringing in a Bill to enable the Parishioners of the said Parish to take down and rebuild the said Church and Steeple, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Clutter buck, Mr. Gone, Mr. Clarke,

Mr. Shepheard, Mr. For., Mr. Archer, Sir Geo.

Mr. Shuttleworth, Lord Fere Be, Sir Crcjfe, Mr Kynaston, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gybbon, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Blagrave, Mr. Inwen, Sir John Ramsden, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Lijler, Lord Tyr-comel, Mr. Earle, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Palmerjlcn, Mr. Tower, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Wyndham Mr.

Scawen, Mr. Bayly, Mr. Watts, Sir John Peachy, Mr. Fazakerley, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Colonel Cholmondeley, Sir John Aftley, Sir Miles Sir Robert GroJ-

venor, Mr. Williams, Mr. Tcrke, Mr. Turner, Mr.

Mr. Prowje, Lord Limerick, Mr. Strode, Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Henr. Narthcote, Mr. Drummond, M \\ Southwell, Mr. Gibbo; and all the Members

who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, and the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace of the Shire of lurgh, met in an adjourned Quarter Session at Edinburgh, the nth of November 1740; and also the Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the City of Edinburgh, in behalf of themselves, and the Inhabitants of the said City; and also the Petition of the annual Committee of the Convention of Royal Boroughs in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, were referred; the Refoludon which the Committee had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz, Rofolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Power ought to be vested in proper Persons, to permit Corn and Grain to be imported from and

other Countries, into that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland,in case of Dearth and Scarcity, under proper Regulations and Restrictions, and fubjcfft to Inch Customs and Duties as are payable upon Corn and Grain being imported into that Part of G called The said Rel’olution being read a Second time;

rrx 7

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Improvement of Tillage, and the Breed of Cattle; and the Sixth Article of the Treaty of Union; might be read;

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by. the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Francis Fane, Mr. Scrope, Sir Charles Gilmour,the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Brigadier Sinclair, and Mr. Lindefay, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have puffed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing ErneJlBernard: To which the Lords de-

lire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, Vot. 23.

and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland-, for the Service of the Year 1741, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Sports- Horse-men, and Breeders of Sporting Horses, in the North rac,nS Riding of Tork/hire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend themselves nearly affected in their Properties, by an Act, made the last Session of Parliament, to prevent the excessive Increase of Horle-racing, as the same Afl seems to tend to the intire Extirpation of Ilorfe-racing in this Kingdom, and eonfequently to the Ruin of the Breed of the most useful Horses for the Saddle; the Petitioners, as well as most of their Tenants, being Breeders of Horles for the Saddle, which they annually vend, upon account of their Blood, for considerable Sums; and that, should that antient and Royal Diversion of Horle-racing be wholly suppressed, the Blood of all good Horses, which our Ancestors have improved at a very great Expence, still superior to those of all our neighbouring Nations, w ill be totally neglected, since there is no other Method of proving them so well as by racing; and that, if no Plate or Prize was suffered to be run for under the Value of Forty Pounds, it would, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, answer the good Intention of the late Afl, by taking away above Five hundred Prizes yearly, and leave a tolerable Liberty for proving the Breed of Horses, at a moderate Expence; and expressing the Hopes of the Petitioners, that they may be at Liberty to run for any Prize, any Weight, at Newmarket or Black as the Peti-

tioners have been informed was intended by the House -and that they may not be obliged to lay such heavy' Weight upon their Horses, till they are past Six Years old, or arrived at their full Strength, as by the said late AQ: is prescribed (King’s Plates excepted): And therefore praying. That the House would please to take the Premises into Consideration; and grant the Petitioner's such Redress and Relief therein, as shall seem most reasonable and convenient.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to refirain and prevent the excessive Increase of Horse Races; and for amen cling an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing of)

deceitful Gaming,

excessive and straining and preventing the Horse Races;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

as relates to the re-excessive Increase of

Tellers for the Yeas, j

Mr. Come wall, Mr. Neale:

15-

Tellers for the Noes, { m J>W:} 5 8‘

So it passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westminster, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to their Consideration.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; letting forth, That the said Collegiate Church came into the Hands of the lirftDean and Chapter unfinished, and, by Length of Time, and Badness of Materials, became so decayed and ruinous, that, in the Eighth and Ninth or William the Third, in regard to its being of antient and Royal Foundation, an annual Sum, for a certain Term of Years, was granted by Parliament, towards repairing the fame, under the Direction of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Chief Justice of the King’s Bench,

and

Westminste r Abbey,

r

1

59 6 i 6* Januarii.A. 1740.

and the Dean of Weflniinster, who were appointed Commissioners for that Purpose, that, by an Act passed in the Ninth of Queen Anne, the Sum of Four thousand Pound* per Annum, for a certain Term of Years, was granted to the said Commissioners, towards repairing and fiuishing the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, minster, and the Chapels of the lame: And, in order to the finiiliing thereof, as directed by Parliament, Sir Christopher Wren, the then Surveyor, formed a Design of erecting a Spire on the middle Tower, a Model of which he then prepared, and a Draught of which, with the rest of the intended Building, has been laid before the House: That, by several Acts passed in the Reign of his present Majesty, several Sums, of Four thousand Pounds, have been issued and applied towards carrying on the said Work, and a considerable Progress has been made therein; and an Account how the Money . has been expended has been annually laid before this House: That, to facilitate the said Repairs, Two of the Prebendal Houses, lately standing in Margarets Church-yard, are taken down, and there now remains only a Leasehold of Three small Tenements to be removed, for laying open the whole View of the Body of the Church, from the North to the West Front; but that the Dean and Chapter, tho’ they have put a Stop to- any further Renewal thereof, and are content to lose the reserved Rent arising therefrom, cannot, however, obtain a Surrender of the Term of Years yet unexpired, in order to take the said Tenements down, without being enabled by this House: That the Monies already granted being near expended, the said Works will loon be at.a Stand; which the Petitioners fubrait to the Consideration of this House; acknowledging the Favours, already conferred on the said Collegiate Church, as well by the present as by former Parliaments: And praying for the Continuance of those Favours.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of the Right honourable Charles Earl of

Arran, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, his Majesty, as far as he is concerned in Interest, gives his Consent, That the House may do therein as they shall thi^k proper.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; felting forth, That, by an Act of Parliament passed in the Seventh Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, all the Honours, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Ireland, wherein James Butler, late Duke of Ormond, the Petitioner's Brother, had any Right, Title, Estate, or Interest, in Possession, Reversion, or Remainder, at the Time of his Attainder, chargeable with Two thousand Pounds Annuity to the Lady Mary Butler, his Wife, who is lince deceased, during their joint Lives, and subject to the Incumbrances aft'efting the fame, were vested in the Petitioner, the Right honourable Montague Earl of don, the honourable James Bertie Esquire, since deceased, and the Right honourable Edward Southwell Esquire, since also deceased, and their Heirs, upon Trust, by Sale or Mortgage, to be made on or before the 24th Day of December 1724, of such Part of the Premises as the Petitioner should think meet, to raise such Sums of Money as ifiould be sufficient to satisfy the Debts of the said late Duke; and also the further Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, to be paid into the Treasury of Ireland, for the Purchase of the said Premises; and, from and after Payment thereof, and of all Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, occasioned by reason thereof, or in or about the Execution of the said Trust, then upon further Trust, that they the Petitioner, the said Earl of Abingdon, James Bertie, and Edward Southwell, and their Heirs, should Hand seised, subject to the said Annuity of Two thousand Pounds, to the Ule of the Petitioner, for

Ninety-nine Years, if the said James late Duke of Or-mendibould so long live, without Impeachment of Wafie; Remainder to Trustees, to preserv the contingent Estates therein after limited; and, after the Decease of the same late Duke, to the life of the First and other Sons of the said late Duke, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies issuing; and, for Default of such Issue, to the Use of the Petitioner, during his natural Life, without Impeachment of Waste; Remainder to Trustees, to preserve the contingent Estates therein after limited; and, after the Petitioner’s Decease, to the Use of the Petitioner’s First and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies respectively issuing; and, for Default of such Issue, to the Use of the Petitioner, his Heirs and Assigns for ever: And representing to the House, That the said James Butler, late Duke of Ormond, is Seventy-five Years old and upwards, and unmarried; and the Petitioner and his Wife are of an advanced Age, and, though they have been married Thirty-five Years and upwards, yet they never had, nor are likely to have, any Issue; and that the Petitioner has contracted several large Debts, to the Amount of Eighty thousand Pounds, or thereabouts; and by Means of the said Remainders, limited to the First and other Sons of his said Brother, and the Petitioner (though there is not the leall Probability that there can be any such Issue), no Part of the Premises can be disposed of, for railing Money to discharge the said Debts; nor can the said Difficulty be removed, without the Aid of Parliament:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to '

bring in a Bill for vesting the said Honours, Lands, and Hereditaments, which, by the said Act, Hand limited, after the Death of the First and other Sons of the Petitioner’s laid Brother, and of the Petitioner, respectively, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies respectively issuing, in Trustees, discharged of those Limitations, upon Trust, to'fell or mortgage so much thereof, as shall be sufficient to satisfy the Petitioner’s Debts; and to Hand seised of the Remainder, tt> the same Uses as are limited thereof by the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Southwell, the Lord Limerick, Mr. Stephen Fox, and Mr. Thomas Gore, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Drawback of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Duly on consider of the Petition of the High Sheriff and Grand Coal*'

Jury, met together at the Assizes held at Bodmyn, for the County of Cornwall, the 31 ft July 1740; and also of the principal Inhabitants of the said County, on behalf of themselves, and a great many others; be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. i

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House' will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Meaus. to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

3 The

Earl of AmmV Estate.

14 Geo. II.

16° — T 90 Januarii.

The other Order of the Ddy being read;

Law* con- The House resolved itself into a Committee of the gBg- w *e House, upon the Bill to amend the Law convene*. ceming common Recoveries; and to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries, to far as the same relates to Estates fur autre Vie.

Mr.-Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Sandy* took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refuuied the Chair.

Mr. Sandysreported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto;, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock. , . i;

Lunas, 19° Januarii;

r

Anno 14* Georgii IF* Regis, 1740. Prayers.

Fond* for t 'HE House being informed, that Mr. Bowles, fro"°fiD? X Agent for the Commissioners of Excise in &c iSet-’ bmt attended at the Door;

laud. He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to

the House, pursuant to their OrdeF,

An Account of what Money has arisen from the Snr*-plufage of the Malt Tax, and ffOin the other Fund‘'of Two thousand Pounds per under the Management of the Trustees for promoting Fisheries and Manufactures in Scotland, and which havfe been paid to them by the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland. And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account1 do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of iho House. The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of thid Session,

_of*:

Expiring Mr. Ifewjy Archer reported from the Committee ap-

Iaw*. pointed to eritfulre what Laws are expired, or near expiring* and'to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, That the Committee had inquired accordingly; and had come to several Refelutions ;J which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and' afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Resolutions were read; and are as followelh; viz.

Resolved, That it is "the Opinion of this Cdmtnittee, That.an A6fc, made in the Second Year of . the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprifohmenf bf theii* Persons, which Was to cohtinuj? in force for the Term of Five Years, and 'frbm thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and was explained and amended by an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and which, by another AcLmade in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further explained s-nd amended, and , continued until the 2$th Day of Ma, 1740, apd from

thepce to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Revival of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the free Importation of Cochineal during the Time therein limited; and also for the free Importation of Indigo; which was to continue in Force from the 24th Day of June 1734, for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Vol. 23.

Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to bfe continued.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally.put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Archer, Mr.

Helper, Mr. Carew, the Lord Qtuartndon; die Lord Barrington, and Mr. Southwelldo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Sir John Ramjden, Sir Charles Butibtcry, Caldor Nav Sir Abr. Elton, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Robert Fenwick, gatiou.

Mr. Lambton, Mr. Crewe, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr.

Gildart, Sir John AJlley, Sir James Grant, Mr. Lifter,

Mr. Longueville, Mr. Sandys, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen,

Merchants, Clothiers, and other Inhabitants, of the Towns, Townfiiips, Chapelries, and Precincts, of Halifax, Ealand, and Rvppondon, in the West Riding of the County of York,i^ referred.

Mr. Brereton reported from the Committee, to whom flee Na.vi-the Petition of the Persons, whole Names are there- 8 aion. unto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Undertakers appointed by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Sixth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition the Petitioners produced an Account of the Money raised by the Undertakers, for recovering and preserving the said Navigation; by which it appeared, That the Subscriptions for carrying on the said Undertaking amounted to the Sum of f. 47,830. x

By an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the said River, it appeared, That Nathanael Kinderley, his Heirs, Assigns, or Nominees, were directed to invest the Sum 10,000. in South Sea Annuities, or other Government Securities, in the Name of certain Persons in the said Act nominated, as Trustees, to answer and make good such Damages as should arise to any of the Owners or Proprietors of the Marshes, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Fisheries, by perfecting the said Navigation.

It also appeared to the Committee, That the Sum of* f. 10,008 2s. 9 d.was laid out in the Purchase of*

0,290/. Old South Sea Annuity Stock; which was in-vefiied in Trustees so named in the Act, and accepted by them, upon the 23d of December 1735, to answef

such Damages as in the said Act are specified.

Then there was produced, an Account, shewing bow. -much of the said South Sea Annuity Stock has been dif*-posed of; and for what Uses: By which it appeared.

That the Sum of Two thousand One hundred and Nine Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Four Pence of the said Stock has been annihilated and fold, to answer’

3,250 L19/. 5 %d.Damages, done by the Undertakers, it*

making the said River navigable; so that there rernai ns in South Sea Annuities 7,180/ 3 s. 8 in the Names

of the said Trustees, to answer such further Damages as may be done in perfecting the said Navigation.

By an Account of Money dilburled by the said Undertakers, it appeared, That the Remainder of the first-mentioned Sum of 47,830/. after deducting the said'

10,000l. has been laid out in cutting and making a new Channel for the said River, near Ten Miles in Length < and in making proper Dams and Sluices, and turning the said River into such new Channel, and in other Works, for recovering the said Navigation: All which

7 N Particulars-

e

Drawback

of Duty on Coals*

Barncrd's

Superiori's

Nat*

Nether Knutsford Parish Church Endowment.

598

\<) JatiuariL

, A. 1740.

Particulars irc-rt Confirmed by the Testimony of Mr.

John Reynolds.

Upon the Whole, it appeared to the Committee, That the said Undertakers are an tier a Necessi'ty to raise a further Sum for preferring the said Works, and carrying on the said Undertaking, in the moli effectual manner; and have agreed to rfcife, amongst themselves, the further Sum of 4,170/.; which will make the whole 52,000l.: And find it necessary to be united into a Company, with a joint Stock of 5^,000l. the Sum that would have been raised, in case the Suhlcriptions on the original and additional Deeds had been completed; and that the Subscribers should be allowed a Share in the said Stock, in proportion to the respective Sums paid in by each of them; and {hat what shall remain unpaid be vested in the Company: But that the same cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for uniting the Undertakers fur recovering and preserving the Navigation of the Hirer in the County Palatine of Chester; into a Company: And that Mr. ton, Sir Robert Grosvener. Colonel f Sir

Charles Bunbury. Sir Thomas and Mr. Crew,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from" the Committee of the whole I louse, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the High Sheriff and Grand Jury, met together at the Assizes, held at Bodmyn, for the County of Cornwall, the 31st July 1740, and also of the principal Inhabitants of the said County, on behalf of themselves, and a great many others, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,' That, for encouraging the Working of Tin and Copper Mines, within the County of Cornwall, a Drawback be allowed of all Duties on such Coals as shall be used in: the working Fire Engines for draining the said Mined.

: The said Resolution, being'read a Second time, was,. upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act 1 for naturalizing Ernejl Bametd, was read the First time.

Resolved \That the Bill be. read a Second time.

An ingossed Bill from the Lovdsy intituled, An ACT for naturalizing Eve Superiori,alias Smith, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Undefdy, Mr. Fane, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Archer, Mr.

Mr. Vere, Mr Harvey, Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Legge, Mr.

Whitworth, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Bowes, Lord Barrington, Mr. Fox, Mr. Hay, Mr. Laroche, Mr. A/er^ Lord S'tdn. Beauelerk, Mr. Maude, Mr. Carmichael, Sir James

Grant, Sir Robert Laurie, Sir John Turner, Mr. W'm-nington. Air. Raft, Mr. Plumptr Mr. Balle, Mr. Po-pham, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Mr. Mackworth, Mr.

Leathes, Ain Hooper, Mr. Falle, Sir Charles Air. Urquhart, I)r. Cotes, Mr. Sir Robert

Grosvenor, Mr. R. Williams, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bowles,

Air. Cunnyngham, Sir John Heathcote, Air. — , Sir

W. W. Wynne, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Earle, Lord Limerick, Sir Charles Moriaunt, Mr. Packer, Mr. Mr.

ProwJe, Mr. Strode, Mr. Wilkin/bn, Mr. Kynajltn, Mr. Crewe, Lord Quarrendon, Sir Roger Bradjhaigh, Mr. Fydell: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Rejohei, Tlia't the Bill be Committed to Air. Chcl-ntondeley, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Crewe, Sir John //.

M r. Thompson, Mr. Clarke, AI r. Carew, Lord Quorendon,

Mr. Southwell, Mr. Gore, Mr. More, Mr. Brereton.

Lord Sidney Beauelerk, Mr. Waller, Mr. Tcrke, Sir James Grant, Mr. Ufter, Mr. Shnttleworth, Mr. Pitt, Air.

Archer, Mr. Comew all, Mr. Compton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Kent: And all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester, Lane after, Stafford, Oxford, and North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers granted by R»yficm, &c. Three several Acts, made in the Ninth and Twelfth h°ud*-Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen and in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending the Highways leading from Roy ft on, in the County of to Wandsford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, to

far as the same relate to the Roads lying in the middle and South Divisions of the said Highways, was lead a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clarke,

Mr. Pigott, Mr. Fane, Mr. Longueville, Lord Barrington, Air.' Whitworth, Mr. Carew, Mr. ProwJe, Air.

Montague, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Shepheard, Lord Tyrconnel,

Mr. Bowes, Mr. CornewaH, Mr. South-well, Mr. Frank-land. Sir Charles Vernon, Lord Gage, Mr. Glanville,

Air. Kynaston, Mr. Chester, Mr. Treby, Mr. Gore, Air.

Bowles, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Selwyn, Sir John Crqjs, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Revell, Sir John.

H. Cotton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Fazakerley, Air.

York, Mr. WallerAir. Harley, Lord S, Beauelerk, Sir

Charles Gilmour, Mr. Cuninghame, Mr. Air.

Strode, Mr, Taylor, Mr. Smith, Sir Charnotk,

Sir Miles Stapylton, Alt- Archer, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lloyd,

Sir Henr. Gough, Sir Robert Gnfv and all the Members who i’erve for the Counties of Huntingdon,

Cambridge,. York, Lincoln, antd Hertford: , Ami they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five oflhe Clock, in the Speakers Chamber. < , . l

I- ' . I.*-’ > j: - -

A Complaint being made to the HouseyiTbftt-Tytywtfj Privilege. Edwards, Attorney at Law, did, on the 25th Day of December jaft, enter yppn certain Lftpds -within ijic Lordship of Weverham, in the County, of; and.

pulled down the Fences thereof, the id Lands and

Lordship being Part of the Possession-of,the-Right / honourable James Earl of Barrymore in, the Kingdoms of Ireland, a Member of this House, jn Breach of the Privilege of this House; 1 ....

Ordered, That.it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Alatter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their

Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day,' for the Call'Call oftb*

of the House, be now fead: . J . House.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Cal) of the Hpyfe be adjourned

till Tomorrow. Fortnight. ‘

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving Laws con-. the Report from the Committee.of: the whole IlOufe, ceruiinj to whom the Bill to amend the Law cbttcerriing "*

1 mon Recoveries; and to explain and amend an Act, 1 made in the 29th Year of the; Reign of1 King J

she Second, intituled, An Act for Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries, so far as the same relates to Estates ' pour autre Vie; waa committed; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;:

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Thursday Alorning next.

A Bill for making the Chapelry of Nether Knutsford, The other Order of the Day being read; in the Parish of Roft hern, in the County of Chester,a . The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Alatter Reading

separate and distinct Parish; and for erecting a Parish of the Petition of John Dodd Esquire j complaining of fcle&iou. Church therein, endowing the fame, and settling the an UD()ue Election, and Return, for the Borough of Right of Presentation thereto; was read a Second time* Readingin the County of ifenkr.*

, r f Supplied from the Votes. And.

0

14 Geo. II.

And the Counsel were called in:

And the said Petition was read:

And the lait Determination of the House, concern--ing the Right of electing Btirgeffes to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, made the 30th Day of 1716, which was then resolved to be in the Inhabitants only paying Scotland Lot, was also read:

And the handing Order of the House, made the iGth Day of January 1735, for retraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from ottering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the lait Determination in the House of Commons, was also read.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner were heard: And a Copy of the Poll, taken at the said Election, being produced;

They examined several Witnesses, in order to prove the Ul'age of nominating Overseers of the Poor in the several Parishes within the said Borough, and the manner of appointing them at Easter last, before the said Election.

And they also examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify several Perlqns; who voted for the Sitting Member at the said Election.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw. . \

Ordered\That the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of John Dcdd Esquire, complaining of an, undue Election, and Return, for the Borough of Read-, ing. in the County of Berks, be adjourned till To-tnor-s tow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 20° die

Anno 14° Georgii II41 Regis, 1740. ’* '

Prayers,

Improving /CR. Lindejay, from the Commissionecs and Trustees the Fiihenes, J.VJL for improving) Eitheries and Manufactures , in land'0 SC°t" Scotland,presented tt> the liodfe, purfu&nt. to several

Addresses to his Majesty, a Book, containing,

A Copy of the Letters Patent appointing the Commissiotfers and Trustees for improving Eitheries and Manufactures in Scotland;

Of the several annual Reports of the said Conuriissioners and Trustees to his Majesty;

Of the several Royal Sign Manuals, authorizing the Plans of the several Commissioners and Trustees; and, Of these Plans, as published. by jtlie said Commis-i ttoners and Trustees. >.:

And the Title of the said Book wqs read. .; j;

Ordered, That the said Book' do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Book is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Money The House being informed, that Mr. Corbett, from

issued for the Treasurer of the Navy, attended at the Door;

Navy Ser- He was ca]ice] jn; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what Money has been ordered by the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, and received by the Treasurer of his Majesty’s Navy, for any Services of the Navy, from the 31st. December 1739, to 31st De 1740; distinguishing the Times when the same was received; and the Services to which it was applied.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read, c Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. A'ol. 23.

Januarii \

The said Account is bound up witlr the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, Cluwton to whom the Bill for continuing and cltablishing Arti- l«eU*iure«. cles of Agreement, and an Award, for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, and a Common called Chawton Common, in the Paritli of in the County of Southampton, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satis-faction of the Committee, except the Reverend Doctor Harris, who, the Committee was informed, would make no Oppofttion to the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question ..... put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

Mr. Lindefay reported from the Committee, to whom Sup^riori’s

the ingrossed Bill frotn the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Eve Superiors, alias Smithwas committed, That the Committee had examined ti e Allegations of the' Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to tj»e House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the! Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution T4c»r(V ! an Act of Parliament, made in the Twelfth Year of the Lt pricin' Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An 4e-

Act for repairing and widening the Road from Hmfeley Upright Gate, leading down Bouden Hill, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Kingjdovm Hill, in the ParifU of Box, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the time of patting the said Act of Parliament, the Road thereby directed to be repaired (being at least Fourteen Miles in Length) was in such a ruinous Condition, that t.Vie Petitioners the Trustees were obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the said Act, in order to make the same passable; which Money lb borrowed, together with the Tolls collected by virtue of the said Act, have been duly applied in amending the said Road; and great Progre Is hath been made in amending the same; but, by reason of theexcoflive Weights constantly drawn through the fame, and the great Refo'rt of Company to the City of Bath, to which Place the said Rbad leads, and some Defects in the lkid A&>Ahe said lload is (till out of Repair in the Winter Season, and cannot be effectually amended, and made commodious for all Passengers, and -the Money due and owing be repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act, which is now near expiring, be enlarged, and the said Act explained, and made more effectual: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into consideration; and that Leave may he given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Art, 1-that the Repairs of the said Road may be completed, and the Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Act be repaid, for such time, and in such manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they c^tr examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Robert Long, Mr. Hocprr,

Lord Gage, Mr. Carew, Mr. Longueville, Lord Limerick,

Mr. Pitt, Mr. More, Mr. Steplievjon, Mr. Brerehn, Mr*.

Houblon, Mr. Glanville, Sir Thomas Read, Mr. Rutherford, Mr. Wm. Moore, Mr. Knight, ;>lr. Brajfey, Mr.

Driffield

Inclosure.

Bofion Small Debt?.

TtebtoiV

Petition.

Navy Half-pdy LilL

Discovering the Longitude.

600 # 2o° Januarii.

A. 1740.

Carmichael, Mr. Southwell, Sir John Peachy, Captain Trefufis, Mr. Harley, Mr. Bramston, Lord S. Beauclerk, Mr. Gere, Sir John RamJJen, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Shuttlew^rth, Sir Carew, Mr.

Boone, Lord Baltimore, Mr Fand all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Somerset, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in die Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing several open Fields, Pastures, and Commons, in the Townships of Great Driffield and Little Driffield, in the County of York; and for settling certain yearly Payments to the Prebendary of Driffield, for the Time being, in lieu of his Tylhes, pursuant to an Agreement, and an Award, made for those Purposes; was read the Third time.

RrJolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several open Fields, Failures, and Commons, in the Townships of Great Driffield and Little Driffield, in the County of York; and for settling certain yearly Payments to the Prebendary of Driffield, for the Time being, in lieu of his Tythes, pursuant to an Agreement, and an Award, made for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Sir Miles S do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several Tradelinen and Inhabitants of the Borough of Bojhn, in the County of Lincoln, whose. Hands are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of them', selves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have, for a long time, laboured under great Inconvenience, and undergone many LoiTes, in the Want of a more speedy and effectual Method for Recovery of their small Debts, by ill disposed Persons ftieltering themselves-under the Sums prescribed by the Laws in being for holding Persons to Bail, to the great Loss and Dif-couragement of many Persons Carrying on Retail Trades: And therefore praying the House to take the Preraifcs into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Prisoners in his Majesty’s Prison of Hertford, in behalf of themselves, and manyThoulands confined for Debt in the several Prisons of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distrets: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously;pleased to give Directions, That there be laid before this House, a List of such Commission and Warrant Officers as are now on the Half-pay in the Navy; together with an Account of their respective Ages, and the Dates olf the First Commissions of such of them as are Captains and Lieutenants; and likewise how often, and for how long time, they were respectively employed, at each time they have been employed under each Commission.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his. Majesty, by such Membeis of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of several Merchants, Captains, and Mailers of Ships, as also of several Mathematicians, whole names are thereunto subscribed; on behalf of tiiemselves, and others concerned in Trade and Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; letting, forth, That by an Art of Parliament, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward' for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, the Commissioners appointed by the fame Art are impowered to apply any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, for making Experiments of any Proposal or Proposals that 10

shall be made to them for the Discovery of the Longitude: That it is absolutely necessary, to the making the Discovery useful at Sea, that the Longitude and Latitude of the chief Ports and Head-lands on the Coasts of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Dominions thereof, should be first determined more exartly than has hitherto been done; in order to which Determination, some Progrels has been therein already made, with good Success, at a considerable Expence; and that although the fixing the Longitude and Latitude of such Ports is absolutely necessary for making the Discovery useful, yet some Doubts have arisen, Whether by the Words of the said Art of Parliament the said Two thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, can be applied for this Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the explaining and amending the said Art, l'o that the same may fully answer the Intention of the Legislature for making the said Discovery. 1

Otdered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition.

And it is referred to Lord Baltimore, Mr.

Sir Charles Wager, Admiral Stewart, Mr. Whitworth,

Mr. Glanville, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Stanhope, Lord Harry Powlett, General Wade, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Lymerick, Captain 'Trefufis, Captain Cornewall, Mr.

Wilkinson, Colonel Poulett, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr,

Southwell, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Burchett, Mr. Harley, Mr. Pelham, Sir John Norris, Mr.

Carew, Lord Barrington, Mr. More, Mr. Knight, Sir Geo. Oxendon, Sir Nathanael Curzo Mr. Foley, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Hume Campbell, Sir W. W. Wynne; and all the Merchants of the House; and all the Members who serve for the Sea Port Towns: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend lor Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayer, Aldermen, and Burgesses, Portsmouth of the Town of Portsmouth, was presented to tire House, Water works, and read; alleging, That there-is a great Want of good Water for supplying the said Town in a constant and regular manner: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to: bring in a Bill to enable Thomas Smith Esquire, Lord' of the Maiior of to supply

the said Town with good Water, by Pipes from his Springs, issuing out of a Hill, within the said Manor, about Four Miles distant from Portsmouth, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Portsmouth, and Parts adjacent, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Inhabitants of the said Town are but indifferently and very uncertainlySupplied with Water, by Carts, from Wells, at a considerable Distance, and at a very'large Ex |>ence; which said Water is not esteemed so good, so soft, nor so wholefofne, as some Water at Fjuft without Portsea Island, is believed and said tp he; and that the? Petitioners have been informed, That Colonel Smith, a neighbouring Gentleman, Owner of the Springs at Farlington, hath purposed, and doth pro-pole, to supply the said Town with the said Water, in a more certain manner, by Pipes, if be can be impowered by Parliament so to do: And therefore praying, That Leave may he >given to bring in a Bill ttr enable the (kid Colonel Smith, Lord of the Manor of Farlington, to supply the said Town, and Parts adjacent, with the said Water, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petitions: And tlwt Admiral Stewart, Sir Charles Wager, and the Lord-'

Gage, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The Lord Sundon reportetl from the Committee, to- wvfltninster whom the Petition of the Commissioners for building a Bridge.

Bridge

14 Geo. II.

2 0° Jam

601

j Bridge cross the Rives 'Thamesat was re-

ferred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the llelblu-lions of the Committee thereupon, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition there was laid before the Committee, an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to enlarge the Powers of the Commissioners for building the said Bridge; whereby it appeared, That the Petitioners, as is alleged in their Petition, were impowered to open, make, detign, and lay out, such Ways, Streets, und Passages, as they shall think proper, on each Side the River Thames, to and from the intended Bridge, the

Courts of Justice, and both Houses of Parliament1; and also to agree for and purchase such Houses and Ground, within certain Limits by the said Act prescribed, as they should think necessary for them to be possessed of for that Purpose.

Then Mr. Lediard, Surveyor to the said Commissioners, being examined, said, That great Progress hath been made in building the said Bridge; That Five Piers are intirely finished, and the Sixth is almost completed:

That the Abutment on Westminster Side is finished, and that on the Surry Side in great forwan' less, and that the middle Arch is turned Fifteen Foot hign: In all which Works, including the incident Charges necessarily attending the fame, there has been expended the Sum of 59,188/. 8j. id.: That all the Houses and Ground necessary for making the First Street from the intended Bridge to Kings Street have been purchased, and several other Purchal'es made, pursuant to the Powers given by the said Act of Parliament, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of 29,729/. 15 s.6d.; which Two Sums together amount to 78,918/. §s. 7 d.

Then there was laid.before the Committee, an Account of the Surplus of the Money already granted by Parliament; and also an Estimate of the further Expences necessary for finishing the intended'Works; ^3 follows;

By an Account, produced by Mr. Stone, One of the Cashiers of the Bank of , of Money

received and disbursed by the Bank, in pursuance of Orders from the Commilljoners, it appeared, that the Balance in the Hands of the Bank amounted to - - - -

"By an Account, delivered by Mr. Blakerby, Treasurer to the said Commissioners, it appeared, that the Balance at this time in his Hands is - - - 1 -

By another Account, delivered in by Mr. LediarAgent to the said Commissioners, it appeared, that the Balance in his Hands is-----

s.

57,287 16 6,672

180,

7

A.

’ 7

7

’ Total Balance Upon which said Balance of 64,140/. 15 there are dharged by Contraft, and otherwise. the following Sums; viz.

By Orders sent to i\lr. Blakerhy by the Commissioners,' hot yet Executed, amounting to ——

By Evidence of Sir JoJefh Ayloffe, Clerk to the said Commissioners, it appeared, that there was {till due, by Contract, for Two Abutments and Two italf Piers'

Arul also for Four Piers -

For Three middle Arches - - - - - -'*-

For three Centers, for turning the Three middle Arches *- - :-

likewise agreed for, but the Contraft not executed, the-Six remaining Piers, computed at . - -

By divers Purchases of Estates, 8$c. agreed for, but not yet paid, amounting to By Two Ferries, appointed to be purchased by Act of Parliament, estimated at By Sundry Salaries and Contingencies, not yet paid, in the last and present Lottery, computed by life Bank at near -By divers Bills due and owing for Materials, of which no certain Account can as yet be given; but, according to the Testimony of Mr. Labelaye, Engineer to the said Commissioners, cannot be computed at less than -

64,140

Deficient

£ s. 4

3,896 0 0

1,000 0 0

6,000 0 0

11,000 0 0

1,500 0 0

18,000 0 0

8,365 10 0

6,000 0 0

6,000 0 0

6,000 0 0

67,761 10 O

64,140 15 0

3,620 15 0

It further appeared to your Committee, That, besides the aforesaid Deficiency of 3,620/. 15 0 several

other great Expences will necessarily attend the said Work; namely, for building the Nine remaining Arches, together with the Superftrufture of Stone; and for the Purchase of more Houses and Ground, to make the Ways and Pafl’ages answerable to the Intention of Parliament; which together, by Estimation, will amount to above Seventy thousand Pounds.

Upon the whole, the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have made good the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Sum of Money is necessary to enable the Petitioners to finish the Bridge under their Care, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them.

The Second Resolution of the said Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Vox.. 23.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a. Bill to enable the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westto the of-polite Shore in the County of Surry, to raise a further Sum of Money towards finishing the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them: And that the Lord Sundon, Sir Charles Wager, Colonel Bladen, Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Pulteney, Sir Hugh Smithson, IVfr. nington, the Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr. , General Wade, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Brereton, and Sir John , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Persons concerned in the Ma- Mnnufaftur® nufacture of Woollen Broad Cloth, made in the West Riding of the County of York, was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, That an A fit passed the Seventh Year of his present Majesty, to explain and amend a former Act passed in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for the better regulating the Manufacture of Cloth made io Heft

Riding of the said County: That, by Experience, the

7 O first*

e

6oi 2o° — 21° Januarii* A. 1740.

first-mentioned Act has been found useful and beneficial to such Persons as are concerned and deal in the said Woollen Cloth: And therefore, in regard the said Act is temporary, and Expires at the End of this Session, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for' continuing the said first-incntioned Act forl’uch further Time, and in l’uch Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Trade with Ordered, That the Bill for opening a Trade to and Periia from Persia, through Russia, be read a Second time upon MoruingnexL

Recovery of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Small Debts, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more ealy Recovery of small Debts, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Rejohed, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Reading 'The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the

Llettion. Matter of the Petition of John Dodd Esquire, complain-

ing Of the undue Election and Return for the Borough of Reading in the County of Berks.

Arid the Counsel were called in:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to difqua-lify several other Persons, who yoted for the Sitting Member at the said Election;

And they have examined Witnesses, in order to ^if-qualify Aaron Dean, One of the Persons who voted for the Sitting Member:

And Thomas Mersham, One of the said \F.itpelfep, be-ingwithdrawn:

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion waamade, and the Question being put, That Thomas Mersham, having been called to the Bar, to be examined as a Witness, and having prevaricated in his Answers to a Question that was put to him, be called in, and reprimanded for the fame;

It passed in the Negative.

The Counsel on both Sides were again called in, and again directed to withdraw.

They were again called in, and again directed to withdraw.

And they being again called in;

The Counsel for the Petitioner examined several other Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify the said Aaron Dean.

And they having examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify several other Persons, who voted for the Sitting Member at the said Election;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of John Dodd Esquire, complaining of an

undue Election and Return for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, be adjourned till Morn-

ing next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 21 ° die

Anno 14* Georgii IP* Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Persons, whose Wdiminter Names arc thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, his Majesty’s Subjects, was prefen ted to, the House, and read; letting forth, That by the daily increase of bad and defective Pavements, and other Nufances, within the City and Liberty of minster, the.publick Streets, Ways, and Passages thereof are, in ipany Places, rendered not only inconvenient but dangerous to His Majesty’s Subjects: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for remedying the Grievances aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall spem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as ijt shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Tyrconne Mr. Sir Hugh Smithson, Sir George Cajwall, Mr. , Lord VereBeauclerk, Lord Sundon, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Gore, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Plumer,

Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Archer, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Shuttle-

worth, Mr . Fox, Mr. Alderman Willimott, Mr. Sandys,

, Mr. Southwell? Sir John Cross, Mr. Mr. Gyb-

Ion, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. HerMr. Mr. Inwen, Mr. Bootle, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Lloyd,

Mr. Lifter, Mr. Fane, Mr. Earle, Mr. Mr. Cor-

bett, Mr. Scrape, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Stephen Fox, Mr.

Watts, Lord S. Beauclerk, Mr. Walpole, Lord John Sackville, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Strode, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Secretary at War, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Hales ', and all the Members who serve for the County of

Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five ___

of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all that come are to have Voices.

The House being informed, That Mr. Bowen, from DifpnfitM* the Treasury, attended at the Door; of Grants.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to 'the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

An Account Ihewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1740, hath been disposed of, dil-tinguished under the several Heads, until the 19th Day of January 1740-1; and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied, with the Overplus thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as follows viz.

A X

D

cq'

H-

n'

CD

Q.

cr

o

o

o

?r

c

to

C/0

Am ACCOUNT, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 17+0, hath been disposed of, distinguishedI under the fever.1 Heads, until the 19th Day of 17471 and the

Parts thereof remaining unfatisded t with the Overplus thereupon.

Navy.

Ordnance

GRANTS.

f For Visuals, Wages, and Wear and Tear, of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 35,000 Men, for 13 Month*, begin-

\ nir.g -he ift Jan. 173^ 40 < For the Ordinary of the Navy, nnd for Half-Pay

V. Towards the Support of Greenwich Hospital f For Seal Services fjr 35,000 Men . < For Land S £ For ex.raor

Services

raordinary Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament

Force*.

For defraying the Charge of 28,8^2 Men, for Guard*, Garrif^ns, b'r. Anno 1740 -

For maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Ganifons in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Gunfons of Annapolis, Canso, Placentia, Gibraltar, an 1 Georgia, Anno 1740 -

Upon Account of Half-pay to reduced Officers of hL Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, Anno 1740 -

U on count of Out Penfioiurs of Chelsea Hospital - -

J For Pensions to Officers W:dn*vs married before Christmas 1716, for the Year 1740

\ For extraordinary Expence. incurred, and not provi fed for by Parliament - a- ...--

of the Four Companies raised Anno 1739 -

On Account of the Subsidy pavabie to the King of Denmark, for the Y^ar 1740, parfuant to Treaty. \ For defraying the Charge of General and Staff: Officers, for the Year 1740 -

For raising and defraying the Charge of maintaining Six Regiments of Marines, confiding of 4,890 Men, Commission and Non

Marines.

f For raising and defr J commission Office

] but placed te this

L For raising and mai

this Year’ Service only -

maintaining 2040 additional Men, Officers included, to be added to the said Six Regiments, Anno 1740

"To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, Anno 1738, at Lady-day 1740 To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, Anno 1738, at Michaelmas 1740

Deficiencies.

ties, at Christmas 1738 "o replace to the Sinking Fund the li , 500,000l. lent on Salt, Anno 1735

£. j. ,d.

1,729,000 o o 1^9,704 3 ,

C

Towards maintaining of the British Forts and Settlements, belonging to the Royal African Company, on the Coasts of Afrii For the further settling and improving the Colony of Georgia in America - - .

Towards the repairing and finishing the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, fPestminster

rtca

ing Fund, in further Prosecution of the War.

91,000 0 0

94^>7* ' 3

46,362 13 5

860,150 10 4i

266,203 2 I

34.S87 9 O

10,347 6 O

3,998 0 0

9’477 *3 I *i

2,450 13 6

S8.333 6 8

22,880 I9 2


94.554 18 O

33.4*9 0 0

*7.543 *7 *i

46,600 0 [- 0

5,865 18 n 9

20,000 0 0

10,000 0 0

4,000 0 0

4,000 0 0

d.

1,928,704 8 1 *,000 o

*3 *+34 4 8

1,268,428 10 it$

1*7*983 18 o

WHEREOF

f To the Paymaster General of his Majesty’s Land Forces upon Account Issued I To the Treasurer of the Ordnance, upon Account - -

For the Marriage Portion of the Prirtcefs Mary, One of his Majesty’s Daughters

200,009 15 ioj;

18.000 0 o

200,000 O O

40.000 o o

Ways and Means for supplying the said Services.

/. /. d.

750 000 o o By the Malt Duiy Anno 174°*

2.000. 000 o o By the Land Tax, Anno 1740. Residue of Wa 88722 7 ioi By the Surplus of the Grants, 1739, voted tothis Year. To be raised on the Malt Duty _yS Means, 1740, andifttofed:

1.000, COO 0 0 By tl’C Siliking Fund, From Whence dedua what remains to be p4

ir o,oooo 0 0 By D\uo, for funher Profectttion of the War.

Sum* paid.

s. d.

1,574,68418 n| 10,000 o o

190,000 o o

1,268,428 10 IlJ

127,983 18 ©

1007009 15 io|

18,000 o o

120,000 o

58,563 r9 3;

Remains to be paid.

/ dL

3H»05S 9 3i

4*434 4

U:

4.024,560 17 9 J,e6 7,634 3 0}

*3

ro

O

n

0at of the Supplies -

n>000 I \iBy Mottiy remaining inTcTxche^cr, An by Sale of fell 0rcrPIu3 of tk Grants' Amm°‘stated 35 °"the other side

44*6 t6 I The Account is /fated, in Obedience to his Majesty’s Command, upon1

4.064, ,49 8 7i Total of w j 73 - A<Mteis of this honourable House, and is hvtoblr premed, this 21 ft

4,024.560.7 9* Total VO tjy* Means. '

21,436 6 9 40,000 o o

456,925 14 8|

4964*4 5 7

456.925 14 8$

__________9 Total voted,

39.588 10 i0$ Over.

Day ot j JanuaryJ74°*I> by me

plus of Ways and Means.

Phones

O

til

o

O

1

39488 10 ioJ

cs

0

Cogg’»

fclUie.

604 20 Januarii.A.ij\o.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are ' OrThat the said Petition be referred to the thereunto fubl'cribed, being Creditors of John Coggsand Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-.

John Datin, Gnldsmiths and Copartners, in belialf of amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it. themselves, and the relt of the Creditors of the saidJoAa shall appear to them, to the House.;

Coggs and John Dann, was presented to the House, and And it is referred to Mr. Cotnpton, Sir Miles Stapylton, read; setting forth, That, by an Act of Parliament made Sir John Ru/hout, Mr. Colonel Onslow, Mr. Gyb-

in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen bon, Mr. Smelt, Mr Mr. Mr.

Anne, intituled, An Act forvefting the Estate and Effects Mr. Lord Limerick, Mr. Mr.

of John Coggs and John Dann, Goldsmiths and Copart- Turner, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Chester, Mr. Crewe, Mr.. ners, in Trustees, for the speedier Payment of their Cre- Southwell, Sir John Kaye, Mr. Lechmere, Sir Nathanael ditors, and for determining Differences thereupon, all Curzon, Sir John Mr. Gore, Mr. Pawlett, Mr.

the Estates real and personal whatsoever, which the said Charles Gore, Mr. Mr. Mr. White,

John Coggs and John Dann,or any Person or Persons in Sir Dr. Butler, Mr. Montague, Mr.

Trust for them, or either of them, were seised, possessed Knight, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Fere, Mr.

of, or interested in, on the 12th Day of January 1709, Sir Wm. Corbett, Mr. Laroche, Sir Abr. Elton, Mr. Ben-

were vested in the Lord Viscount Lanesborough,of the net, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Powney, Mr.

Kingdom of Ireland, Henry Lord Shelburne, now Earl Brereton, Mr. Dawkins, Sir John Turner-, and all the; of Shelburne, in the Kingdom of Ireland, the Right ho- Merchants of the House;... all the Gentlemen of the- non rable Henry, now Earl of Uxbridge, by the Name of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at: honourable Esquire, Sir James How Baronet, Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have i

Hatton Compton, Frederick Tilney, Robert Heysham, William Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. '

Draper, and William East, Esquires, Peter Walter Gen- ,

tlenian, and Joseph Sherwood Gentleman, in Trust, in A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Free But- Recovery of the first place, for the Benefit of the Creditors of the geffes of the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Com- *Cadwater said John Coggs and John Dann, and their Representa- wall,was presented to the House, and read; letting forth; p^atu>"

tives, until they respectively should be paid all the Thatthe PetitionersPredeeefforsimmcmoriallyenjoyed,

Debts then due and owing to them, which lliould be by Prel’cription, several Privileges, Water Customs, and, allowed, by the Commissioners therein named, to be Dues, arising within their Jurisdiction and Liberty, of fully proved, in such manner as is therein mentioned; the Water or River of Tamer, such as Anchorage, and afterwards in Trust for the said John Coggs and ' Buoyage, and Tonage, of all Ships and Vessels, except John Dann, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, those belonging to his Majesty, which happen to anchor, as they should appoint; and, by the same Act, S\rJohn load, or unload, within their said Jurisdiction and Li-BennetKnight, late Serjeant at Law, John Birch Esquire, berty; which Privileges w ere granted and confirmed late Serjeant at Law, Richard Richardson Esquire, late ‘ to the said Borough by Charter, or Letters Patent,

Serjeant at Law, William JeJfcp Esquire, Duncan Dee granted by King Charles the Second, in the Thirty-

Esquire, James Medlicoat Esquire, Craven Peyton Esquire,' fourth Year of his Reign, and for which the Petitioners Thomas Morley Esquire, late Serjeant at, Law, Sir John pay an annual Fee Farm Rent of Eighteen Pounds,;

Darnell Knight, late Serjeant at Law, Sir Thomas Pen- and are at a considerable yearly Expence'in preparing! gaily Knight, late Lord Chief Baron of his Majesty’s, and, maintaining a Buoy at the Mouth of the River i Court of Exchequer, Robert Munckton Esquire, Henry Cadwater, as a Mark for all Ships and Vessels coming'

Champion Esquire, John Baynes Esquire, late Serjeant at t into the said River to avoid Rocks, and for their safe

Law, and Lewis Loyd Gentleman, and the Survivors of entering into the said River: That such Customs; them, were appointed Commissioners for the several and Dues are payable by the Masters of the Ships;'

Purposes therein mentioned; and they, or any Three and, on Refusal and Non-payment thereof, the Peti-or more of them, were thereby authorized and impow- tioners have never uled any other Method foF the Re-ered to do, perform, and execute, all such Acts and covery of them, but by arresting such Masters who Things as Commissioners of Bankruptcy could or might have refused to pay; but that, since the puffing of an execute and perform by any of the Laws or Statutes Act of Parliament, made in the Twelfth Year of the then in Force against Bankrupts: That Part of the El- Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, tate and Effects of the said John Coggs and John Dann An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and hath been got in and applied by the said Commissioners continued by an Act, made in the Fifth Year of hia and Trustees, in pursuance, and under the Authority, present Majesty, whereby no Person can be arrested by of the said Act; but that a considerable Part thereof is any Process issued out 01 either of the Superior Courts, still Handing out, and unrecovered; and a great Part of where the Cause of Action doth not’amount to Tea the Debts due to the several Creditors of the said John Pounds, or out of any inferior Court, where the Cause Coggs and John Dann still remains unfalisfied: That all of Action is under Forty Shillings} several Masters, the Commissioners appointed by the said Act; of Parlia- knowing the Tenor of the said Acts, and that their Dues ment, and all the aftingTrustees, except Two, are dead; do not amount to Forty Shillings, have refused to pay, and the several Powers and Authorities vested and ef- and have failed out of the said Jurisdiction, bidding De-tablished by the same Act cannot, for want of a compe- fiance to the said Petitioners; and that the Petitioners tent or sufficient Number or Quorum of Commissioners are like to suffer more for the future, as the Knowledge and Trustees to act therein, be carried on, prosecuted, of the said Act will become more universal: And there-or put in Execution; nor can any Actions be maintained fore praying the House to take the Nature of their against, or any Money received from, or any Compo- Petition into Consideration, by adding a Clause to the fition made with, any Person indebted to the Estate of Bill, now depending in the House, for the ealier Reco-the said John Coggs and John Dann: so that the said Pe- very of small Deb s of by such other Means as to the titioners, and other the Creditors of the said John Coggs House shall seem meet to order and direct, that the Pe-and John Dam, must, under the present Circumstances, titioners may be enabled to recover such their Dues unavoidably be defeated of their just Debts, and can and Rights, since the fame, being very small, as a Shil-have no Relief, but by the Aid of the Legislature: And ling for Anchorage, and Two Pence a Ton for Goods therefore praying the House to take the Premisses into loaded or unloaded, in or out of each Ship, being a Na-Consideration, and grant Leave for the bringing in a tive, or double that Duty, being a Foreigner, feldon*.

Bill for appointing new Commissioners and Trustees, to amount to Forty Shillings; and the Petitioners are be vested with the Powers and Authorities of the former advil’ed they cannot, for want of Usage, distrain or (top Act, and such other Powers as shall be necessary for the any Ship for Non-payment; and that they have no ^speedy Recovery of the Debts and Effects of the said other Remedy, save by Arrest, to recover the John Coggs and John Dam; and grant such other Relief fame.

V> the Petitioners, as to the House shall seem meet. Ord That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

JL3

Disposition of U rants.

Microp*#

JNit.

WaktfitW to Halifax tload.

14 Geo. Hi

21° Januarii\

605

Ordered, That the Account, this Day presented to the House, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1740, hath been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 19th Day of January 1740-1, and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied, with the Overplus thereupon* do lie upontheTable to be perused by the Members Of the House.

A Petition of Martin Kuyck Van was pre-

fented to the House, and read; praying that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That I^eave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Laroche and Mr. Lindefay do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

APetition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and others. Inhabitants of the Towns and Neighbourhood of Wakefield and Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, together with the several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants, of the Towns of Pontefract and Knottingley,in the said Hiding, already have petitioned this House, praying that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Wakefield aforesaid, through several Villages, to Wee-land, in the said Riding, in fitch Manner, and by such Methods, as to the House should seem meet; and further letting forth, That the Road leading from the Town of Halifax aforesaid, to the said Town of Wakefield, passing over a certain high, iieep, and dangerous Hill, commonly called Halifax Bank, and through the Villages of Lightclife, Ilightown, and De, in the said Riding,

being the most frequented Road for the Carriage of "Wool, Cloth, Woollen Manufactures, dying Wares, Groceries, Corn, and other Sorts of Merchandize and Commodities, made or consumed in that populous and trading Part of the Country, is, at all Times of the Year, very deep in some Parts thereof, and, in the Winter Season, very dangerous, and aimost impassable; and that the Inhabitants of the several Towns, Town- ships, and Parishes, through which the last mentioned Road leads, cannot, by the Laws now in being relating to Highways, effectually repair the fame; and that, as the Petitioners conceive, the Repairing of the said Road betwixt the said Towns of Weeland and Wakefield, will be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the aforesaid Towns of Wakefield, Halifax, and Knot-

tingley; and likewise the continuing the repairing the same Road from Wakefield to Halover the said

Hill, and through the Villages aforesaid, will be highly advantageous, not only to the Inhabitants #f and Halifax aforesaid, but to all the trading Towns and Places adjacent, by rendering the several Roads to and from the aforesaid Places, convenient for all forts of Carriages, and thereby reduce the Charges thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given tb bring in a Bill, for repairing the Road betwixt the Towns of Wakefield and Halifax aforesaid, in such Manner, and by such Methods, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Tradesmen, Freeholders, and Farmers, of the Towns of Wakefield and Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York; as also of sundry others, Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and Farmers, of the said Riding, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, wa6 also presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Highways from a Place called near

the Town of Doncaster, to Wakefield, and from Wakefield to Hightotvn, and Lightclife, to Halifax-, in the said Riding, are very great and publick Highways, and contain in Length, from the said Red-house, to the said Town of Wakefield, Ten Miles and upwards, and from the said Town of Wakefield, through and

Lightclife, to the said Town of Halifax, Thirteen Miles and upwards; and, for many Years last past, have been Vojl. 23.

exceeding bad and dangerous for his Majesty’s Subjects to travel with their Coaches, Carriages, and Horses, by reason of the great Usage of the said Ways, and the many heavy Carriages passing thereon, occasioned by the great Manufacture, well known in that Country; and that the Freeholders, Farmers, and Occupiers of Lands and Tenements, in the several Parishes through which the same Ways lie, betwixt the said Red house, Wakefield, Hightown, Lightclife, and Half ax, have been

yearly at very great Expence in the Repairs of the said Highways; and that, by virtue of the Laws now in being for repairing of publick Highways, the same Ways cannot be sufficiently repaired: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better and more effectual repairing of the said Highways, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, and the Towns adjacent; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and BurgeiTes, of the Borough of Leeds, in the County of York; are referred: And that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House*

A Petition of Gtoyii Vaughan F.squire, and Afartha v t his Wife, was presented to the House, and read fettin" Etat*?" forth. That, by Articles previous to the Petitioners Marriage, Samuel Roach Esquire, the Petitioner tha's late Father, deceased, covenanted to convey the Manor or Lordship of Kingston Seymour,in the County of Somerset, to Uses (that is to say), after the Soleinnizntion of the said Marriage, to the Use of the Petitioner Vaughan for Life, Remainder to certain Trustees in the said Articles named, and their Heirs, to support contingent Remainders; Remainder to the Use of the Petitioner Martha for I.ife, without Impeachment of Waste; Remainder to the Use of such Son or Sons of the Body of the Petitioners Gwyn Vaughan and to be begotten, as they, or the Petitioner alone

(Hie surviving the other Petitioner), by any Deed or Deeds, or by the Petitioner Martha'slalt W ill, in Writing, should limit, direct, or appoint, and the Heirs of the Bodies of such Son or Sons; and, in Default of such Appointment, to the Use of the Firstand other Sons of" the Petitioners Gwyn Vaughan and Martha fucce(lively, in Tail Male; Remainder to the Use of the Heirs of the Body of the Petitioner Martha, and with Remainder in.

Fee to the Use of the Petitioners Gzvyn Vaughan and.

Martha, and their Heirs: That the Nlarriage between, the Petitioners was afterwards duly had, but no Conveyance was ever made in pursuance of the said Articles;

That it will tend to the Benefit of all the Parties who now do or may claim, by virtue of the Limitation of the Articles aforesaid, to have a reasonable Lower, when1 a Possession of the Premises, to make Leases thereof, which cannot be done without the Aid of an Act of Pan lament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for impowering them and their Sons, when in Possession of the said Premises, to make Leases thereof for Lives or Years, determinable on Deaths, according to the Custom of the Country.

Ordered, That the said Petitiort be referred to the Cousideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to' them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bramflon, lVXr - If if hams, Mr.

Harley, Sir John St. Aubin, Mr Knight, Mr- Nox, Sir Allies Stapylton, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Crowl, Mr. , Mr.

Rowneij, Sir James Dashwood, Mr. Air. Sandys,

Mr. Kynaston, Lord Limerick, Mr. Smelt,

Mr. Houblon, Mr. Yorke, Mr. SSir

John Kaye, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Winning ton, Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr. BromAft. Mr. Gore, Sir John Aflley, Mr. Onslow, Sir Nathanael

j p Lurzon,

Fin Mount Fainting Trade.

Debtors

Petition*.

606

a

Januarii.

A. 1740.

Cnrzon, Sir JVm. Clayton, Mr. Mr. Wynne, Mr.

Gregory, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Mr.

Bailee, Mr. More, Mr. Retell. Mr. ‘thornyJin, Dr. Butler, Mr. Toner, Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr.

Mr. Cartwright; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of SomerJ'etand Gloucejicr: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fiveol’theClock, in tlieSpeaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Painters of Fan Mounts, in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, in behalf of themselves, and all other the Paiuters of Fan Mounts in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read { felting forth, That the Number of Persons, employed, in painting of Fan Mounts was very great, and daily increasing, till about Three Years ago, when several Persons procured Copper-plates for the Printing of Fan Mounts, by which Means many of the Artifis are reduced to the utmost Distress, for Want of Employment, and others of them find their Business greatly decreased: That One Engraver, and Two Painters, are able to furnish more printed Fan Mounts in a Month’s Time, than this Kingdom makes use of in a Year; and One Person, employed in the walhing of these printed Fan Mounts^ will colour more in Three Days than One Painter can paint in a Quarter of a Year; that, by the Introdu6lion of printed, instead of well-painted Mounts for Fans, the Art of painting Fan Mounts, which was brought to great Perfection, is greatly discouraged; and the Exportation of Fans with painted Mounts, which brought into this Kingdom a large Sum of Money annually, almost intirely loft to Great Britain: And therefore, in Consideration of the Premifes, inordertogiveEmploymentto such aNum-ber of Persons, who have been bred up to the painting of Fan Mounts, and for preserving so valuable a Branch of Business to this Kingdom, praying the House to grant the Petitioners such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Brereton, Mr. Owen, Mr. Archer, Mr. Howe, Mr. More, Mr. Fane, Mr. Horfnum-den Turner, Mr. Walker, Mr. Maijler, Lord Sundon, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Earle, Mr. Harley, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Watts, Dr. Butler,

Mr. Rutherford, Mr. Kynafon, Mr. Chester, Mr. Retell,

Mr. Bromley, Mr. Snepheard, Mr. Longueville, Mr.

Peirfe, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Hooper, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Cartwright, Sir John Cross, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Lindefay, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Montague, Mr. Smelt, Colonel Onslow, Sir John AJlley, Mr. Mr.

Blagrave, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Watson, Mr. York, Lord 2 uarendon, Mr. Bramston, Lord Barrington, Sir James Grant: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all that come are to havfc Voices.

Thonfands, confined for Debt in the several Prisons of this Kingdom; and also,

A Petition of the Prisoners in his Majesty’s Prison at Horfiam, in and for the County of Siiflex, in behalf of themselves, and many Thonfands confined for Debt in the several Prisons of this Kingdom;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Retell, from the Commissioners for victualling Victualling

his Majesty’s Navy, presented to the House, pUrfuant to Admiral ,1 a 1 1 Vernon’*,

their Order, &e Fjte'

An Account of what Provisions were sent with, or have been since sent to, or ordered or contracted for by, the Commissioners of the Victualling, or otherwise, to be sent to Vice Admiral Vernon, from any Part of his Majesty’s Dominions; distinguishing the Times when the same were sent, and the Condition thereof, and of what standing; together with an Account of what Provisions, and the Condition thereof, were in his Majesty’s Store-houses at Jamaica, on Vice Admiral Vernon'a arriving the re:

And also,

An Account of what Provisions were sent with, or have been since sent to Rear Admiral Haddock; distinguishing the Times when the same were sent, and the Condition thereof, and of what Handing.

Mr. Retell also presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Copies of all Letters that have been written, or Representations or Applications made, to the Commissioners of the Victualling, relating to Provisions for the Use of the Fleet, lately under the Command of the Right honourable Sir John Norris.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Copies were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Copies are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr, Phillipson, from the Commissioners of the Navy, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Seamen employed in Seamen the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st December employed. 1739 to 31st December 1740, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Numbers were borne, and what muttered, in the said Service: And also.

An Account of Stores, and other Necessaries that were Stores sent sent with Rear Admiral Haddock; distinguishing the whhAdmiral Condition thereof, and of what Handing. Haddock.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The latter of the said Accounts is bound up with the other Papers of this Session; and the former is as followeth; viz.

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in his Majesty’s Gaol the Castle of York; and also,

A Petition of the unhappy Prisoners in the Custody of the Marshal of the Marshalsea of his Majesty’s Prison of the King's Bench, in behalf of themselves, and many

14 Geo. II. 21 Janudrii.607

Navy-Office, ? An ACCOUNT of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from

19th January 1740. j the 31 ft of December 1739 to the 31 ft of December 1740, upon a' Medium of each Month;

distinguishing whatNumbers were borne, and what muttered, in the said Service; prepared pursuant to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 7th of January 17 4°*

Number of Seamen.

MONTHS. / Borne. 1 Muttered.

January- - - 1739 33>8iS 29,294

February - - 33»92Z 29,593

March - 1740 35»5'7 30,007

April - - - - 37,076 3°.43»

May - - - - 37,608 30,676

June - - - - 37*445 31,890

July - 38,141 33G91

Augtift - 38,7t6 33*962

September 38,290 33,679

October - 38,037 33,449

November - - - 38,664 33,677

December - 38,946 33,627

446,180 384,076*

Upon a Medium - - - 37,j8i 32,006

R. Haddock, James Ackworth,

Geo. Crowle, Join

\taerbeach Mr. Brumley reported from the Committee, to whom raioage. petjt;on of Peter Standfcy Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach, and of the principal Owners and Occu-

piers of several Fen Lands within the Parishes of Water-beach and Wicken, in the County of Cambridge, and within Stretham and Thetford, in the Isle of Ely and County aforesaid, commonly called Waterbeach Level, and of the Owners of the several and respective antient commonable Mefluagf-s in Waterbeach, Stretham, and 7%e//ord,aforesaid,whoseNames are thereunto fttbscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Richard Read and Mr. Robert Read, being severally examined, said, That the whole Level contains about 4,500 Acres of Fen and Low Grounds, about 2,500 Acres whereof are commonable Lands, and the rest are Lands called Severals; and that the greatest Part of the said Level is w ithin the Manor of Waterbeach cum Denny, and the rest within the Parishes of Wicken,'Stretham, and Thetford.

They further said. That the said Lands are subject to Inundations, occasioned by the Defect of their Outfalls to the Sea, whereby they are but of little Benefit to the Owners; but that, if the same were drained, they might be made good Land, and would be very profitable to the several Proprietors.

Then there were produced Articles of Agreement, dated the 14th Day of November 1740, between the Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach cum Denny aforesaid, in the County of Cambridge, and the’Owners of the several and respective antient commonable Messuages within the said Manor, for settling and adjusting the Bights of Common within the said Manor, and the Stint of Cattle to be kept thereupon; whereby it appeared, That all the Parties interested therein are consenting and deiirous that an Act of Parliament lliould be obtained for establishing the said Articles, and carrying the same into Execution.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the effectual Draining and Preservation of Waterbeach L.evel, in the county of ; and to establish an

Agreement made between the Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach cum Denny and the Commoners within the said Manor: and that Mr. Bromley and Mr do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vol. 23.

Thomas Pearfe, J, Faioler,

1 Phillipson.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay y-before this Houlfe, an Account of what Quantity of exp Woollen Manufactures of England has been exported To to Turkey, from Christmas 1720 to Christmas 1740-

distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lav-before this House, an Account of the Value of the Woollen Manufactures imported to Turkey from Christrnaa 1720 to Christmas 1740; distinguishing each Year,

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay Silk before this House, an Account of what Quantity of raw inlPortf<1 Silk has been imported from Turkey from Christmas TurkeT 1720 to Christmas 1740; distinguishing each Year.

An logrolled Bill from the Lords, intituled, Act SuPefior'’* for naturalizing Eve Superiori, alias Smith, was read the Nat‘

Third time.

' Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Lindefay do <?arry the "BUI to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hatli agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for naturalizing Gideon Bourdillon and John Bourditton’*, David Billon, was read a Second time. &’c‘

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to NT r. Lindefay,

Mr. I.ongueville, Lord Sidney Beaucl, AI r. Ratal.

Earle, Mr. Brereton, Lord Tyrconnel, Mr. JFFotoe, Mr.

Hooper, Mr. Fox, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. J-f^alker, Mr.

Carew, Mr. Carmichael, Sir John Cross, IVTr.

Sir Charles Gilmour, Mr. Archer, Lord Barrington, Mr,

Pronfe, Mr. Treby, Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr. Rutherford, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Clutlerbuck, AT r. /Aere, Mr.

Speke, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Walpole, Sir . Sir

Jof Pennington, Mr. Sloper, Sir Wm. FFeathcote, Mr. iCynaston, Mr. Earl, Sir MilesStapylton, Mr. Compton,

Air. Gore, Mr. Turner, Dr. Butler, Sir A Cur-

zon, Mr. Che/ter, Mr. Sandys, Mr. York, 2S*>r John Shelley, Lord Limerick, Mr. 'Talbot: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Mr. Pulteney presented to the House, according to Sheep Order, a Bill to render the Laws more effectual for the Stealing, preventing the Stealing and Deftroving of Sheep and other Cattle: And the same was received; an" read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Pulteney reported from the Committee, to whom Kensington

the ttoatf*.

<Jo8 2i° Januarii. - 1740*

the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads in the Parishesof Kenfinglon,

sea, and Fulham, and other ParHhes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlef; and for repairing some other Roads in the Parish of St. George Hanover Square^ and the said Parishes of Kenfinglon and Chelsea; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the EMM, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confi- deration Tomorrow Morning.

Caldtr Sir MilesStapyllon reported from the Committee, to

Navigation, whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Clothiers, and otherlnhabitants of the Towns, Townships, Chapelries, and Precincts, of Halifax, d Rip-

ponden, in the West Riding of the* County of , was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is < as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the saidtPetition, an Act, made in the Tenth and Eleventh Year of the Reign of King William the Third, for making and keeping navigable the Rivers Aire and Colder, in the County of York, was produced.

Then Mr. John Eyes, Surveyor, being examined, said. That the River Colder was, by virtue of the said Act, made navigable to the Town of Wakefield: That he had surveyed the said River from Wakefield to Ealand, and found it capable of being made navigable thereto; a Plan of which Improvement in the Navigation of the said River he laid before the Committee.

Being further examined, he said, That the Navigation might easily be continued by the Brook Mouth to

habble Bridge, and so further up the River called Halifax Brooke, to the Town of Halifax:

That great Numbers of the Inhabitants of the Town and Parish 6f Halifax, and Parishes adjacent, are employed in the Woollen Manufactory; which would be greatly encouraged by continuing the Navigation to lifax, the present Price of Land Carriage betwixt Halifax and Wakefield being 15 per Ton; which might be reduced by Water Carriage to 9s. per Ton, Lock Dues included.

Being asked. Whether Goods could not be brought cheaper by Land Carriage than by Water, according to the Calculation of 9V. per Ton, provided the Roads were effectually repaired

He answered, That the Water Carriage would be much cheaper, though the Roads were ever so well repaired.

Mr. James Alderfunsaid. That, by Computation, aboveSixty thousand Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Halifax are employed in the Woollen Manufactory, and in the several Parishes adjacent above double that Number: That, this great Manufactory would be much benefited by continuing the Navigation from Wakefield to Ealand, and so on to Halifax, as the Price of the Carriage of their Wool, to he manufactured, and their manufactured Goods, would be reduced at lead One Third: That all the Wheat brought from Wakefield, for the Supply of that populous Part of the Country, does now cost them 3*. a Quarter, reckoning Eight Bushels to the Quarter; which by Water would be brought to them f<»r 15<f. or at most for i8d. a Quarter, Lock Dues included:

That the Persons concerned in the said Manufactory are obliged to fend their Goods to Leeds and Wakefield, to be baled; which is a great Detriment to the said Goods, by packing and unpacking, and a Charge to the Manufacturer, at least double to what it would be, if he had an Opportunity to bale his Goods at home; which he might do if the River were so made navigable.

And being alked. If the Expence of Land Carriage . would not be lower than Water Carriage, if the Roads betwixt Halifax and Wakefield were sufficiently repaired

He said. That in his Opinion, the Roads could never be repaired, and made so easy for Carriages, but that the Price of Carriage by Land would \>enear a Third Part more than it would be by Water; and that, was it possible to make them as level and as good as any Turnpike Road in the Kingdom, the Carriage by Water would be ftiH cheaper than it would be by Land.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making navigable the River Colder, in the West Riding of the County of York,from the Town of to

the Town of Ealand;and for continuing the Navigation

from thence by the Brook Mouth to Salter-h abble Bridge, and so further up a River called Halifax Brooke, to the Town of Halifax: And that Sir Mi Stapyllon and Mr. Cholmley Turner do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of William Cooley, a Prisoner in Privilege;

was presented to the House, and read; lotting forth, a P-non in That the Petitioner was, by Order of the I louse, of the 2d Day of December last, committed Prisoner to his Ma- ojfcharge* jetty’s Gaol of Newgate, for being the Author and Pub-lilher of a printed Paper, intituled, " Coufiderations up*

" on the Embargo on Provision of Victual," delivered to the Members of this House at the Door thereof; ' which Paper the House hath resolved to contain a malicious and Ibandalous Libel, highly and most injuriously reflecting upon a just and wife Act of his Majesty’s Government and the Proceedings of both Houses of Parliament, and tending to create Jealousies and Discontent in the Minds of his Majesty’s Subjects; and representing to the House, That the Petitioner heartily bewails his having incurred the Displeasure of the House, and humbly begs Leave to give the strongell and most solemn Affur-ances of his never giving the least Offence for the future; and that, by means of his long Confinement, and the Inclemency of the Season, he is reduced to the greatest Misery and Distress, not having even sufficient Sufte-natice to support Life: And therefore praying the House to permit him, on his Knees, to implore Pardon for his said Offence; and that he may be discharged from his said Confinement.

Ordered, That the said William Cooley, committed Prisoner by this House to his Majesty’s Gaol ol Newgate, of the 2d Day of December last, be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged out of Costody: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Navy do lay Contraa for before this House, a Copy of the Letter, dated the 7th Ship of May 1740, with that of the anonymous one inclosed Bedding, in it, which they received from the Secretary of the Admiralty about the Badness of the Materials put into the Bedding furnished by the Contractor to his Majesty’s Ships; and also a Copy of the Letter, dated the 14th of May, which they received from the Secretary of the Admiralty, relating to the said Affair.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Navy do lay before this House, Copies of all Letters and Reports they have received from the Captains of his Majesty’s Ships at home, and from Mr. Wallace, Agent for the , Transports, relating to the Badness of the Materials put into the Redding furnished by the- Contractor to his Majesty’s Ships.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Supply, solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Eliunate of the Ordinary of the Navy for the Year 1741, with the Hall pay of the

Officers

?4 Geo. II.

2i® — 2a0 Januarii.

6op

Way§ and Means.

Officers and Marines, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimale of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1741, Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1741, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, Ihewing how the Money, granted last Session of Parliament, towards repairing and finishing the Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westminster, hath been disposed of, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

M r. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

cultivate the Lands they are intitled to for such Services; which goodPurposes the Petitioners are unable to carry on, without the further Assistance of this House: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to do therein as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 220 die Januarii;

Anno 14® Georgii IIdi Regis, 1740. Prayers.

TZflLLIA M Cooley was,according toOrder, brought to the Bar: Where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Privilege,. A Per (bn reprimanded

and discharged.

Colony of Georgia.

Ordered, That Mr. Hooper have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

And offered to present to the House a Petition of the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia, in America.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House, to do therein as they shall think proper.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, by the Surplus remaining in their Hands at Lady-day 1740, out of the Money granted in the Year 1739, and by the further Assistance granted in the last Session of Parliament, have been enabled to defray the Expence of aCivil Magistracy; to preserve the Friendship of the neighbouring Indians immediately bordering ou the Settlements in Georgia-, to encourage the raising Produces; and to bear the Charges of settling and improving the said Colony, to Lady-day 1741: That several Highlanders, settled at Darien, in Georgia, who entered voluntarily into his Majesty’s Service against St.AuguJline,having been killed or taken at

Fort Moofa, the Residue of them desire to have that Loss supplied by more of their Countrymen; and the Saltz-burghers, settled at Ebcnczer, in Georgia, have applied for their Settlement to be enlarged with others of their Countrymen, who are desirous lo join them at Ebenezer; the Inhabitants of both which Settlements in Georgia are an industrious andufeful People, and highly deferv-ing of Encouragement; and that the Beacon at Tybee, which has been of great Service to the Navigation along the Coast of Georgia, is in a ruinous Condition by tem-peftuous Weather, and requires an immediate Repair; and that their being several Servants in Georgia, whose Times of Service are almost expired, the Petitioners are under an Obligation to assist them in their beginning to VOL. 23.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, Colony of Ihewing how the Money.remaining unapplied and un- Georgia, appropriated the 29th of January 1739, of the Money granted in Parliament, in the Year 1739, for the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia, in America, has been since applied by them, for the further settling and improving the said Colony.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House Ihewing how the Money granted, in the last Session of Parliament, for the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia, in America, has been applied by them, for the further settling and improving the said Colony;

Sir John Barnard presented to the House, according Recovery of to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in froal1 Debu' the Third Year of the lleign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the Recovery of-small Debts; and for the Relieving of poor Debtors in London And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Colonel Bladen, from the Commissioners for Trade and American Plantations, presented to the House, a Report from the Paper Board of Trade, in pursuance of the Address of this Currency-House to his Majesty, of the 25th Day of April last, relating to the Reduction of the outstanding Bills of Credit in America-, and likewise Copies of all such Charters of his Majesty’s Colonies in America as are now fulofifting and in force, pursuant to another Address, of the same Date; together withCopies of such Returns as have been received by the Board since the last Session of Parliament, relating to the State of the Paper Currency, in pursuance of Two Addresses from this House to his Majesty, of the 13th of June 1739; together with Lifts of the said Copies.

And the Title of the said Report, and also the said Lifts, were read; which Lifts are as followeth j -viz.

Lift of Copies of Returns.

1. Extract of a Letter from Major Gooch, Lieutenant Governor of Virginia, dated February 9th, 1 739"4°> re~ lating to Paper Currency, fife.

2. An Account of the State of Paper Currency of North Carolina, from the First Emission of any^ Bills of Credit to the Year 1740, received from No rth Carolina.

3. Letter from Samuel Ogle Esquire, Deputy Governor of Maryland, dated April 20, 1740, relating to Paper Currency, Sic.

4. Letter from Joseph Tallcott Esquire, Deputy Governor of Connecticut,dated January 12, 1739-4°* re-

lating to Paper Currency, fife.

5. Account of the Gold and Silver Coin, as is currently passed within the Bland of Nevis, from the Year 1700 to 1739-40; transmitted by Governor Mathew.

7 Q lift

Imports from Turkey.

Laws concerning Common Recoveries.

Limiting the Number of Officers in the House.

Supply.

6 io

22* — 2$ Januarii. A. 1740.

Lift of Copies of Charters.

Maryland Charter, granted by King Charles the First, in the Eighth Year of his Reign.

Connecticut Charter, granted by King Charles the Second, in the 14th Year of his Reign.

Rhode Jstand Charter, granted by King Charles the

Second, in the 15th Year df his Reign.

Pensilvania Charter, granted by King Charles the Second, in the 33d Year of his Reign.

Massachuffctt's Bay Charter, granted by King William and Queen Mary, in the 3d Year of their Reign.

Georgia Charter, granted by his present Majesty, in the 5th Year of his Reign.

Ordered, That the said Report and Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Report and Copies are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of what Quantity of Mohair Yarn has been imported from Turkey, from mas 20 toChristmas 1740; distingoishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of what Quantity of Cotton has been imported from from Christmas

1720 to Christmas 1740; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the several other Commodities imported from TurkeyAccounts of which this

House hath not particularly ordered to be laid before them), from Christmas 1720 to Christmas 1740; distinguishing each Year.

Mr. Sandys, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend the Law concerning Common Recoveries; and to explain and amend an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of ¥L\ngCharles the Second, intituled, An Act for Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries, so far as the same relates to Estates pour autre Fie; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and after-, wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feyerally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest, with Amendments to One of them, were agreed to by the House.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons: And that Mr. Sandys, Sir Wynne, the Lord Gage, and Sir John Hynde Cotton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the llefolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as fdlloweth; viz.

Resolved, Tlrat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Eighty-four thousand Six hundred Ninety-one Pounds Ten Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy (including Half-pay to Sea Officers) for the Year 1741.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Fifteen thousand Two hundred Twenty-five Pounds Three Shillings

23

and Seven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1741.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-six thousand Seventy-one Pounds One Shilling and Four Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expence of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Sixty-six thousand Five hundred and Twelve Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Five Pence Halfpenny, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Canso, Placentia, Gibraltar, and Georgia, for the Year 1741.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Four thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, towards the repairing and fin idling the Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westminster; and to enable the Dean and Chapter of the said Collegiate Church to purchase Three Leasehold Houses, now standing on the North Side of the said Church, and to pull down the fame, in order to lay open the whole North Side of the said Church.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Older of the Day being read, for the House to Regulating resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Trials at the Bill for regulating Trials at Nisi prins; and for the 11 rius* more effectual summoning of Special Juries;

Resolved, That this House will,upon Wednesiay Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Recovery of resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon D^ht*-the Bill for the more easy Recovery of Small Debts j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to Kensington, whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted: &c. Roads, by an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, Cltelfea, and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; and for repairing some other Roads,

in the Parish of St. George Hanover Square, and the said Parishes of Kensington and Chelsea; was committed; be taken into Confederation Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 230 die Januarii;

Anno 14* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that some of the Land Tax Commissioners for Taxes attended at the Door; and House They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to Ar' the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were standing out at Christmas last; with the Names of the respective Receivers, in whose Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof: And also,

An Account of what Arrears of Duties upon Houses were standing out at Christmas last, with the Names of

, the

nwm it ~*rr

14 Geo. II. 2 3*j

the respective Receivers, in whose Hands the saidArrears remained; distinguisliingeach Year; and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the &td Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Colony of The House being informed, that Mr. Verelft, Ac-Georgia. countant to the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia, in America, attended at the Door;

He was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account, shewing howthe Money remaining unapplied and unappropriated the 29th of January 1739, of the Money granted in Parliament, in the Year 1739, ^or ^ie Trnffees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in , has been

since applied by them for the further settling and improving the said Colony: Andalfo,

An Account, shewing how the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament, for the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America, has been applied by them for the further settling and improving the said Colony.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Bourdillon’s, Mr. Lin defay reported from the Committee to whom See.Nat. the Bill for naturalizing Gideon Bourdillon, and

David Billon, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Kensington, . Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into &c. Roads. Consideration the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, sea, and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middl; and for repairing some other Roads in the Parish of St. George, Hanover Square, and the said Parishes of Kensington and Chelsea-, was committed; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration; and the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, j and the rest were agreed to, by the House: And several

i Amendments were made by thfe House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

[ Answer to Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their

AdduTs. Address of Tuefdaylaft, That his Majesty would begra-ciously pleased to give Directions, That there be laid before this House, a List of such Commission and Warrant Officers, as are now on the Half-pay in the Navy; together with an Account of their respective Ages, and the Dates of the First Commissions of such of them as are Captains, and Lieutenants; and likewise how often, and for how long time, they were respectively employed, at each time they have been employed under each Commission; had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That lie will give Directions accordingly.

Vol. 23.

tamarii. 611

Mr. Alderman Perry reported from the Committee, Porter’s, &c.

to whom the Petition of Joseph Porter, James Bourdieu, Import of an 6 Abraham Defmarelte, Merchants of London, formerly trading to AJcwm, was referred. That the Committee had 1 examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di-rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In support of the Allegations of the said Petition, the Agents for Mr. Porter laid before the CommitteeTranfla-tions of several Letters received by the said Mr. Porter from his Correspondents in Spain, dated in the Months of May, June, July, and August, 1739; whereby it appeared, That the said Mr. Porter had lent to his said Correspondents, by several Remittances, and Draughts upon-him, the Sum of^.2,616. 12s.;which Sum the said Mr.

Porter's Correspondents, as appears by several of the said;

Letters, have acknowledged to have received for his Use.

By several other Letters, sent to the said Mr. Porter from his said Correspondents, dated in the Months of

July, August, September', and roth of October, 1739,

N. S.it appeared to your Committee, That Mr. Porter's

said Correspondents had bought for his Use, in 9 Six thousand Pound Weight of Silk.

And it also appeared, by several other Letters to Mr. Porter by his said Correspondents, dated in May>

June, July, August, September, October, and,

1739, and in February 1740, That the Prohibition of exporting Silk from Spain was laid and continued from the 20th of May 1739, to the 13th of February follow-in g.

Then the said Mr. Porter's Agents produced several Letters from his Correspondents in Spain, and

Leghorn, dated in March, April, May, August, Stftcmber and December, 1740; whereby it appeared. That 5723

Pound Weight of Silk wasfliipped, and sent by Mr. Sorter's said Correspondents in Spain, to his Correspondents at Marseilles; and that the said 5723 Pound Weight: of

Silk was forwarded from Marseilles to Leghorn, the Receipt of which is, by the said Mr. Porter's Correspondents. at Leghorn, acknowledged; and, by some of the said Letters, Mr. Porter is advised, that the same now remains at Leghorn for his Use; so that it appeared to the Committee, That, of the said Six thousand Hound Weight of Silk bought in Spain,5723 Pound Weight is arrived, and remains at Leghorn.

Then Mr. James Mathias, Clerk to the said IVFr. Dorter, being examined, said. That he had computed the several- Prices at which the said Six thousand Hound.

Weight of Silk was bought; and that the same amounted to the Sum of f.2,616. 12 s.which was the ^touey remitted by the said' Mr. Porter to his Correspondents ia Spain, for the Purchase of the said Silk.

Then the AgentsforMelfieurs Bourdieuand D>ejrnarette produced several Letters from their Correspondents in Spain, dated in the Months of July and 1739*

whereby it appeared, That the said Bourdieu and JDefma-rette had sent several Remittances to their said Correspondents, in the Months of May and June 1 739» which, upon Examination, amounted to the Sum of

By several other Letters dated in August&eptember% and on the 10th of October, 1739, Y S. it appeared, fhat^ the said Messieurs Bourdieu and Defmarette's Correspondents in Spain bought, for the said Sum of j£-3>9°° so remitted to them, several Parcels of Silk, amounting to Six thousand Five hundred Pound Weight.

By several other Letters to the said Mellieu rs Bourdieu and Defmarette,from Marseilles and Leghorn, dated in the Mouths of April, May, and August, 1740, it appeared»

That Five thousand Eight hundred and Sixty Pound Weight of their said Silk was shipped and sent,

Correspondents in Spain,to their Correspondents at_ feilles; Two thousand Six hundred and Sixty Pound Weight whereof was sent to Leghorn, and Orders wer<_. given for shipping forthwith the remainingThree thou/aod Two hundred Pound Weight; of the Arrival ot which

the

612

230 Januarii. A. 1740.

the said Messieurs Bo and daily ex-

pected Advice.

Then the said Mr. ,being again examined,

said. That the said Mr. Porter did not buy any other Silk than that which was bought with the above-mentioned Sum of £.2,616. 1 is.remitted by him to Spain, and laid out by his Correspondents there, as aforesaid: And he further said, That he did not believe the said Mef-sieurs Bourdieu and Defmarette bought any other Silk than the Six thousand Five hundred Pound Weight, purchased by their Correspondents with the said Sum of Three thousand Pounds.

Mr. Daniel Booth, being examined, said, That he is very well acquainted with the Quality of Silk,

which, in its Nature, is a fine glossy Silk, and greatly improves the Manufactures here; but that there is very little of it in Town, though greatly wanted: That, ever since the Declaration of War against Spain, the said Silk has borne an extravagant Price; and that he is very well assured, that the Importation of Messieurs Porter, Bourdieu, and Defmarette's Silk, now lying at Mar-feilles and Leghorn, will be of great Advantage to the Si/k Manufactures of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to impower Joseph Porter, James Bourdieu, and Abraham Defmarette, to import a certain Quantity of raw Silk, of the Growth of Spain, from Leghorn: And that Mr. Alderman Perry and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Glonceft«r Colonel Selwyn reported from the Committee to whom "Waterworks, the Petition of the Mayor and Corporation of the City of

Gloucester, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition1, Mr. James Rogers, being examined, said, That the City of Gloucester is of late Years become very populous; and that the Inhabitants are subject to many Inconveniencies for want of a suficient Quantity of good and pure Water for their necessary Occasions, they being at present obliged to have Water brought to their Houses in Carts, or upon Sledges, from the River, which is at all times very dirty, and not fit to be made use of in many Instances: That there are Pumps in the said City, but the Water is of a hard nature; and that formerly an Engine was employed to throw the Water into the City from the River, but that the same has not been used for Two Years pad.

Mr. Joseph Andrews, being examined, said. That there are fresh Springs on or near a Hill called Matjton's Hill, otherwise Robin Hood's Hill, about a Mile and an Half distant from the City, from whence a suficient Quantity of good Water may be conveyed for the Use of the Inhabitants, which will be of great Advantage to the said City; but that the same cannot be completed without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better supplying the City of Gloucester with fresh Water: And that Colonel Selwyn and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Earl of Mr. Sonthxoell presented to the House, according to Arran’s Order, a Bill for enabling the Right honourable Charles Eiiate. par| of Arran to raise Money, by Sale or Mortgage of Part of his Estate, in the Kingdom of , for Payment of Debts, and for other Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Trade with Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Persiathro’ Reading of the Bill for opening a Trade to and from Kuflia. Persia through Rujfia, be n*w read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to order to be laid before this House, the Petition of -the Levant Company to his Majesty in Council, in this present Year 1740; with the Proceedings thereon.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of John Dodd Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Ber

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner proposed.to disqualify several Persons, who voted for the Sitting Member at the said Election, as being Certificate Men.

And, in order to prove, that Michael One

of the said Persons, was a Certificate Man,

Thomas House, who acts for his Brother as One of the Overseers of the Parish of St. Laurence, in the Borough of Reading, being examined as a Witness, produced a Paper, which he called a Certificate; and which, he said, he found in the Chest belonging to the said Parish, where the publick Writings of the said Parish are usually kept; the said Paper being dated the 29th Day of March 1 728, and purporting to be a Certificate of the Parish Officers of Woodley, in the County of Berks, and iigned by Two Persons, as Justices of the Peace, allowing the said Certificate.

And One of the Counsel for the Sitting Member having objected to the Admission of that Paper in Evidence, the Hand-writing of the said Justices not being proved;

And One of the Counsel for the Petitioner having been heard in Answer to that Objection;

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member having replied t* that Answer;

The Counsel on both Sides weredirected to withdraw. The House was moved, That the 8 th Section of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Cap. 29. touching the Proof of Certificates given by the Officers of any Parish, or Place, might be read: And the same was read accordingly.

And the Question being put. That a Paper, dated the 49th Day of March 1728, purporting to be a Certificate from the Parish of Woodley, in the County of Berks, to the Parish of St. Laurence, in the Borough of Reading, signed by Two Persons, as Justices of the Peace, allowing the said Certificate, and now produced by Thomas House, who acts for his Brother as an Overseer of the Poor of the said Parish of St. Laurence, and by him taken out of the Chest belonging to the said Parish of St. Laurence, where the publick Writings of the said Parish are usually kept, be admitted to be brought up, and read in Evidence, although the Hand-writing of the said Persons, who have so signed the said Certificate, as Justices of the Peace, be not proved;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j JJj; } '45-

Tellers for the Noes, { JJj; . j '44-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Counsel on both Sides were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

Then the said Paper was brought up, and read.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of John Dodd Esquire, complaining of an undue

Election

Levant

Trade.

Reading

Election.

Committt* *f Privilege!

Horseley Upright Gita, &c. Roads,

Doncaster to Salttr*-brook® Roads.

14 Geo. II.

23° — 26°

613

Election and Return for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, be adjourned till Monday Morning

next.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna:, 26° die Januarii; Anno 14* Georgii IId* Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

SI R Robert Long reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, inti-t'ded, An Act for repairingand widening the Road from Hnje.'ei/ Upright Gale, leading down in the County of Wilts,to the Top of Hill, in the

Parish of Box, in the said County, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of this Petition, an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the Road therein mentioned, was read.

Then Edward Montague Esquire laid before the Committee, Accounts, ligned by the Treasurers, of the Duties granted by the said Act, of the several Sums borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls, and of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Money collected; by which it appeared, that £. 1,500 the whole Sum borrowed, is now owing; nor can the fame, as the W itness said, be paid off, and the Road effectually amended, the nature of the Soil being bad, and many heavy Carriages frequently patting on the same ti the City of Bath, and adjacent Parts of that Country, without a further Continuance of the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for inlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Upright Gate,

leading down Boivden Hill, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Kingsdown Hill,in the Parish of Box, in the said County: And that Sir Robert Lrong, Mr. Came, and Mr. Ivory Talbot, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Miles Stapylton reported from the Committee to whom the Pet ition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Freeholders, Farmers, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Doncajitr, in the County of York, and of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Neighbourhood of in the said County of York; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Manchester,in the County of Lancaster; and of the Gentlemen. Freeholders, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants of the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living in or near, and travelling through, the Road leading from in the County of York,to Hartcliffe Hill, in the Parish of Penifton, in the same County; were referred: That the

Committee had examined the Matter of the saidPetitiona, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it. in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations-of the Two First of the said Petitions, an Act, made in the Fifth Year of his present Vol. 23.

Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and amending the Road leading from the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, through the Town of Ashton under Line, and the Parish of Mottram Longdendale, and from thence to Salterjbrooke, in the County Palatine of Chester, was read.

Then Mr. Samuel Wagstaff and Mr. Francis Wood being severally examined, said, That that Part of the Road from Manchester to Doncajier, which lies between Manchester and Salterjbrooke, is, by means of the aforesaid Act, in good Repair; but that the Road from Sal- -terjhrooke to Doncajier isjiow, and has been, for several Years past, in a very ruinous Condition, and dangerous to Passengers travelling the same in the Winter-season, notwithstanding the Statute-work has always been done on the fame:

That great Quantities of manufactured Goods, Cheese,

Salt, and Potatoes, are carried from Manchester,

and Parts adjacent, to Doncajier, on Horses, and return loaded with Hemp, Flax, and German Yarn, for manu» fasturing:

That, was that Part of the said Road from to Doncaster repaired, the aforesaid Trade could be carried on much ealier, by fending the said Commodities in Waggons, Carts, Sic. the Yarn, which comes over irt great Fats, could be carried much more conveniently, and a great Advantage would arise to the Traders of Manchester, Barnsley, and Parts adjacent, they being at present obliged to lend their Goods in Packs to,

which they could then bale at home:

That another great Advantage which would arise to the Persons living in and near Barnsley, is the great Increase of the Sale of Coals, which, in the present ruinous Condition of the Roads, can now only be carried a few Months in the Summer; but, were the Roads repaired might then be carried at all times of the Year.

To prove the Allegations of t he last mentioned Petition, the Petitioners Agent called,

Mr George Phipps: Who, being examined, said.

That the Road from Rotheram to Hartclifie Hill is, by reason of the Deepoeftof the Soil, and many heavy Carriages passing on the fame, in avery iminous Condition, and dangerous to Passengers, notwithstanding more than Six Pence in the Pound hath been laid out in amending the same:

That, could the same be amended and kept in Repair, it would not only be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of Rotheram trading to the Town of Adcznchester, and other Parts of Lancashire, and Counties adjacent, but also greatly facilitate the Conveyance of manufactured Iron from the Forges at Wortley to Rotheram, for the further Convenience of Water-carriage, the River Dun being navigable to the said Town.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring i-n a. Rill for repairing the Road from Doncajier, through the Parish of Penifton, in the County of York, to Salterjbrooke, in the County of Chester; and also lor repairing the Road from Rotheram, in the said County of , to Hartcliffe Hill, in the said Parish of Penifton: And that Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Cholmley Turner, Sir John RamjUen, S\r William Loxother, Mr. Wortley, and Mr. SJiu.ttlei*orth, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Ramsden presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Roads from Doncajier to Ferrybridge, and from thence tolhe City of and

also from Ferrybridge, through to Burroughs

bridge, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Donca/lqr to York

Roads.

Mr. Brereton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for uniting the Undertakers for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River , in the County Palatine of Chester, into a Company: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

7r Mr.

Dee

Navigation.

di4

Mi?rop*i Mr. Laroche presented to the House, according to Order, a Dili for naturalizing Kuyck Van

Micrep: And the same was received; and read the Fir A Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Selby, tec. Sir MilesStapylton reported from the Committee to

whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of , in the West Riding of the County and the Towns

adjacent; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Borough of , in the County of

York: were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and also the Matters of the several other Petitions referred to the said Committee, which they were ordered, by the House, severally to examine; and that the Committee had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same Was read; and is as follows;

To prove the A Negations of the several Petitions of the Inhabitants of LeedsSelby, Bradford, and Halifax;

Mr. JJemy Pazifon,being examined, said. That the

Road leading from the Town of Selby to the Town of Leeds, and from thence to the Towns of Bradford and Halifax, are, by reason of great Numbers of heavy Carriages, loaden with Woollen Manufactures, Wool, Dying Wares, Corn, and several other Goods, made and consumed in that populous and trading Part of the Coun-try, frequently passing through the fame, become so ruinous, that, in the Winter Season, Carriages cannot pass on the same with Safety:

That the Country contiguous to the said Towns abounds with Corn, which is carried to those Markets from whence the other Parts of the said West Riding of the County of York, as also great Part of the County o Lancaster, is supplied; but that, in Winter, he has known the Road so bad, that the Farmers could not bring their Corn to Market; which often occasions the Price of Corn to be advanced: That the Rbad from Leeds to Hal fax is about F.ighteen measured Miles, through which several thousand Loads of Lime are carried to manure Laud; and in Summer, when the River is low, and in great Frofts, and Floods, all Sorts of Goods are sent. by Land Carriage.

The Witness further said, That the Inhabitants of the several Farijlies, through which the said Road leads, have constantly performed their Statute-work, and expended several Sums of M oney, over and above what is required by Law, in the Repairs thereof; but the same has proved ineffectual: That last Year the Town of Leeds laid out £. 400 on the Roads lying in that Township, exclusive of what was expended by the rest of the Parish; and that the same cannot be amended, and kept in Repair, lit for Carriages to pass and repass in' the Winter Season, unless forae further Provision be made for that Purpose.

To prove the Allegations of the Petition of the Inhabitants of Wakefield, as also of sundry other Persons, in the West Riding of the County of York;

Mr. William Dickcvfov, being examined, said, That he had l'urveyed the Highways from Red-house, near Donca/ter, to Wakefield which is about Fourteen

or Fifteen measured Miles in Length; and also the Road from thence, by Leu (bury and Ealand, to the Town of Halifax, which is Nineteen measured Miles, but the strait Road is about Sixteen Miles: That the same are publick Roads, but in so ruinous a Condition, occasioned by the many heavy Carriages passing through the fame, loaden with the Manufactures of that Part of the Country, that in the Winter Season, it is dangerous for Coaches, Carriages, and Travellers on Horse-back, to pals through them.

Mr. John Ramsden, being examined, confirmed the F.vidence given by Mr. as to the Badness of

the Roads from the Town of Wakefield, by Ealand, to the Town of Halifax.

1740*

And both the Witnesses said, That the Inhabitants of the several Parillies and Townships through which the said Road leads, have laid out several Sums of Money in repairing the fame, over and above what is required by Law, though without effeCl; but that, if a further Provision should be made for that Purpose, a much greater Trade in the Woollen Manufactory would be carried on in those Parts.

To prove the Allegations of the Petition of the Inhabitants of Halifax, Wakefield, and

many other Villages, in the West Riding of the County of York;

Mr. John Mills, being examined, said, That the Road leading from Wakefield to Wccland, through Knottingley, and other Villages, being about Thirteen Miles in Length, is, by reason of the great Numbers of heavy Carriages frequently passing through the fame, loaden with Lime, Coal, and other Goods, become so ruinous, tlqit, in the Winter Season, it is dangerous for Carriages to go that way; whereby the Woollen Manufactures in that Riding are greatly injured:

That, there being a great Consumption of Lime in the Wel'tern Parts, as at Pontefract, Wakefield, and Ealand, the Farmers, who use the same for manuring their Land, are obliged to fetch it in Summer, the Roads being impassable in Winter; upon which Account there come so many Carriages to Knottingley, where the Lime is got, that a sufficient Quantity cannot be burnt fast enough; and the Carriages are forced to wait a considerable time before they can get their Loading: That it is also the same in respect to Coal, which is got near Wakefield, and the Parts adjacent, and conveyed in Carriages to Pontefract, Knottingley, Snath, and other Towns; and also sent from Knottingley to York, Lincohshire, and other Places:

That the Lock Dues, upon the Rivers Aire and Colder, being very high, the Manufactures of the Western Parts, as also Wool, Corn, Sc. from Lincolnshire, and other Places, can be conveyed by Land Carriage on the said Roads, when they are passable, at an easier Expence than they are now carried by Water; so that, if the said Highways were amended, the same would be of great Advantage to the Manufactures, as well as contribute to the Improvement of Land in those Parts:

The same Witness added, That the several Parillies through which the said Roads lie, have been yearly at great Expence in amending the m; but the same has proved ineffectual,

Mr. William Brown said, That the Road leading from PontefraB to the Jjondon Road, in the Township of Darrington, being between Two and Three Miles in Length, is a stiff Clay, and cannot, by the ordinary Methods prescribed by Law, be repaired, so that Carriages may pals through the same with Safety.

To prove the Allegations of the Petition of the Inhabitants of Bozcling and and other Places

adjacent;

Jonas Person, being examined, said. That the Road leading from the Town of Leeds, over Cutler Height through Boioling and Wilfey, to Halifax, is about Twelve Miles in Length, as is likewise the other Road from and to the same Place, through the Town of Bradford; but the first-mentioned Road is more frequented by Carriages in the Summer-time, than the latter, it being the levelled Road.

John Gargrave, being examined, confirmed the Evi-

dence before given; and added. That the said Road through Bowling and Wibjey, in the Winter Season, is very bad, and dangerousto Passengers; and that although the Inhabitants of the several Parillies through which the feme lies, have constantly performed their Statute-work, and raised Ten Pence in the Pound besides, which has been'duly laid out in repairing the said Road, yet the same has proved ineffeClual, the Soil being stiff Clay: And this Witness further said, That, though the Road through Bradford be the reputed high Road, yet that which leads through Bozcling and Wilfey, if both were

amended,

160Jantiarit.

*4 Geo. II. 26°

amended, wohld still be most frequented for the Reason above mentioned.

Mr. William Whitworth, Surveyor of the Roads, being examined, laid, That he has lately viewed the Road in the Petition mentioned; and all'o the Road from through Bradford, to Halifax: That the first-mentioned

Road is in a very bad Condition, and a stiff clayey Soil, which cannot be repaired without great Difficulty and Expence, especially as there are not Materials proper for that Purpose near the fame; whereas the Road leading through Bradford, which is reputed the high Road, is mixed with Stones and Clay, and there is likewise good Gravel adjoining thereto.

To prove the Allegations of the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Towns and Neighbourhood of field and Half ax; and also of the Petition of the Gentlemen and others of and Halifax;

as all'o of sundry others, in the West Riding of the County of York-,

Mr. John Baldwin, being examined, said. That the Road leading from the Town of Halifax to Wakefield, over a Hill commonly called Halifax , and through the Towns of Lightclifie, High!own, and Dexofimry, is . the most frequented Road for the Carriage of all Sorts of Materials used in the Woollen Manufactures, and other Goods consumed in that populous Part of the Country; that near Fifteen hundred loaded Horses pals that Road every Week, some Part whereof is very deep, blit, in the Winter Season, very dangerous, and almott unpayable; that, although the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, through which the said Road lies, have constantly performed their Statute-work, and raised, besides, Six Pence in the Pound, which has been laid out in the Repairs thereof). yet the same has proved ineffectual: The Witness added. That i he before-mentioned Road may be amended at a less Expfmce than that by the Way of Ealand.

Mr. William Whitworth, a Surveyor, being examined, confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Baldwin; and added, That he has lurveyed the Road over Halifax Bank aforesaid, which is Three Miles shorter that the Road through Ealand, and is of Opinion, That it may be made good for Wheel Carriages of all Sorts for about £. 3,000 which is less than the other Road can be repaired for; and that the amending the same will be of great Advantage to all that Part of the Country.

' Mr. Milns said. That the Road from Wakefield to Halifax is at presentmuch frequented, and; when repaired, will be more so; that Wool, and other Sorts of Goods, are brought out of Lancafiire to Wakefield and Halifax, and Com is carried from thbfeToWns into Lancafiire; and that Carriers, who travel that Road, never go by the Way of Ealand.

To prove the Allegations of the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Leeds;

Mr. John Ramsden, being examined, said, That the Road leading from Ealand to JLeeds, which is Twelve computed Miles, is the great Road from the City of Chester, and several Parts of Lanca/hireand, for several Years past, hath been in a very ruinous Condition, many Parts thereof being, in the Winter Season, impassable for Car; i ges, and dangerous for Travellers; that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, through which that Road )ies, have been at great Expence in repairing the fafne, through without Ell’ett; and that, by reason of the great Number of Carriages going from Ealand, loaden With the Manufactures of that Part of the Country, which are very much increal'ed of late Years, to be shipped off at I-eeds,the said Road cannot be repaired, and so kept, without some further Provision be made for that Purpose.

Mr. William Dickenfonconfirmed the Evidence given

by Mr. Ramsden, as to the Length and Condition of the said Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairingandenlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds; and from thence, in Two several Branches,

Vol. 23.

One through Bradford and Horlon,wad the other through Bowling and Wibfei), to the Town of Halifax, in the same Riding: And that Sir MilesStapylton, Mr. ner, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. ThompjonoffV>r£, Sir tVillium Lowther, and Sir John Lifter Kaye, do prepare* and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a. feill for Wakefield repairing the Roads from a Place called the Red-house, to Halifax near Done after, to Wakefield, and through the said T'own of Wakefield, by Deivsbury, Hightown, and Lightclijfc, to the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York: And that Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr.

Cholmley Turner, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. T%omjtxfbn of York, Sir William Lowther, and Sir John Lifter' Kaye, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Wakefield repairing the Roads from Wakefield to and to P°ntefrsA

from thence to a Place called Weeland, in the Towniliip ®oa(^s-of Henfall;and from PontefraB to Wentbridge, in the

Towniliip of Darrington; in the West Riding of the County of York: And that Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. €dholm ley Turner, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Thomof YTor'k, Sir William Lcwt/ier,the Lord Galway, and Sir John

Kaye, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Ealandt6 repairing the Road leading from Ealand, to the Town of LeeJs

Leeds,in the West Riding of the County of And Road'

that Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Cholmley Turner, Sir Ramsden, Mr. Thompson of York, Sir William T^otvther, and Sir John Lifter Kaye, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Prt-iemUoh the better Preservation of the publick Roads of that Part of Uighways. of Great Britain called England: And that Sir John Heathcole, Mr. Hucks, and Mr. Laroche, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bromleypresented to the House, according to Waterbeach

Order, a Bill for the effectual Draining and Preservation Draiuage-of Waterbeach Level, in the County of Cambridge; and to estabiiih an Agreement, made between the X-ord of the Manor of Waterbeach cum Denny, and the Commoners within the said Manor: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill to enable his Majesty to prohibit. Exportation foraTime to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, and of Corn, other Provisions, out of Great Britain, , and his Majesty’s Colonies and; Plantations in , was

read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. L. 12. To leave out the First Word or," and, after " Factories," to insert " qr Dominions:"

L. 16. To leave out the First Word " or," and, after "Factories," to insert "orDominions

L. 1.7.. To leave out the First Word or," and, after " Factories," to insert " or Dominions:

Pr. 6. L. 25. After the Word " Merchants," to insert, " of England:"

Pr. 7. L. 15. so leave out the Word " whole

L. i6. To leave out the Word " together:"

L. 22. After the Word " exceed," to: insert " in the whole

Pr. 8. L. 30. After the Word " Biscuit," to insert "Starch:"

Pr. 9. L. 2i. After the Word " the," and before the Word " 25th,’’ to leave out the Word " said L. 35. The same Amendment:

Pr. 10. L. 32* After " Months," to insert after- the " Date of such Bonds."

And the same were, upon the Qaeftion severally P11*-thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title! be,

An Act to prohibit, for a Time therein limited, the Exportation

6i6

portation of Corn, Grain, Rice excepted, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Starch, Beef, Pork, and Bacon.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Barnerd's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act *Sat* for naturalizing Ernejl Bar nerd, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Waller, Sir John Ajlley, Mr Mr. Mr.

Jjongueville, Lord Fere Beau clerk. Lord Baltimore, Mr. PapHlon, Mr. Walker, Mr. Rowney, Sir John Rujkout, Lord Gage, Mr. Clayton, Sir Geo. Mr. Gore,

Mr. Careto, Mr. Watson, Sir John Peachy, Mr. Archer, Mr. Thomp/on, Mr. Pelham. Mr. Bond, Mr.

Touer, Mr. Alderman Mr. Scaxcen, Mr.

Sandys, Lord S. Beauclerk, Mr. Fane, Lord Barrington, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Ca/ar, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Fox, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Mr. Yorke,

Mr. Herbert, Mr. Shepheard, Mr. Fortescue, Mr. Port-man, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Hungerford, Sir John Turner, Mr. Winnington: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sheep A BUI to render the Laws more effectual, for pre-stealing. yenting the Stealing and Destroying of Sheep and other Cattle, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House wiH, upon 77i«r/I/ayMorning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Papers re- Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his ^'o'le’s *r "That he will be graciously pleased to give Di-

Sq iadron. reftions, That there may be laid before this House, Copies of the Letters written by his Majesty’s Secretary of State, to Rear Admiral Haddock, the 14th of February 1739, the th o (April 1740; and of the Letters received from Sir Chaloner Ogle,mentioned therein; together with

Copies of all Letters written by Rear Admiral Haddock, to either of his Majesty's Secretaries of State, concerning the said Letters, and the Execution of the Orders contained therein.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciondy pleased to give Directions, That there may be laid before this House, Copy of the Reasons sent by Admiral Cavendish, in pursuance of an Order from the CommiQioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, October 1 z, 1740, that had retarded the fairing of Sir Chaloner Ogle's Squadron so much beyond Expectation.

Resolved, That an humble Address te presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, That there may be laid before this House, a Copy of the Reasons transmitted by Sir Chaloner Ogle, in pursuance of an Order from his Grace the Duke of Newca/le, October23, 1740, that did prevent him from failing, pursuant to his repeated Orders for that Purpose; and particularly to those sent him by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, on the 14th of 1740.

Ordered, That the said Add relies be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Moll honourable Privy Council.

1740.

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House wUl, upon Wednesiay Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Reading Matter of the Petition of John Dodd Esquire, complain- EUAion. ing of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks:

Aud the Gounfel were called hi:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to difqua-lify several other Persons who voted for the Sitting Member at the said Election, as being Certificate Men:

And they having proposed to disqualify several Persons who voted for the Sitting Member, as having received Alms from a Charity called Kendrick’s Charity;

The Resolution of the House of the 4th Day of December, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, made upon Consideration of the Merits of an Election for the said Borough, was read; whereby it was resolved.

That such Persons as had, within Two Years last, received Kendrick's Charity, or any other annual Charity, distributed in the said Borough, bad not a Right to vote in Elections of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for ' the said Borough.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify such Voters for the Sitting Member as had received a Proportion of that Charity within Two Years before the last Election for the said Borough.

Then they examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to establish the Votes of several Persons who were rated, and tendered their Votes for the Petitioner, but were rejected by the Mayor; and also of several other Persons, who were proposed to the Over-seers of the Poor, to be put upon the Rates, as fit to be rated, but were rejected by them; and who tendered their Votes for the Petitioner, and were rejected by the Mayor.

And then the Connfel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of John Dodd Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisi27* diejanuarii'y

Anno 14* Georgi IF1' Regis, 1740.

Praters.

MR. Lindqfay presented to the House, according to Import of Order, a Bill for licensing the Importation of ViAuai from Victual from Ireland, and other Parts beyond the Seas, g^tiand0 into Scotland, in Time of Dearth and Scarcity: And the same was received; and read the Firil time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

16* — 2 70 Januarii.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesiay Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House m>1 to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Mr. Chohnondely reported from the Committee to Nether whom the Bill for making the Chapelry of Nether Knuf/- Knuuford /ord, in the Parish of RoAhern, in the County of Chester, a separate and distiuft Parish; and for erecting a Parish Church therein, endowing the fame, and settling the Right of P{efentation thereto; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and foupd the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

thereunto;


14 Geo. II.

27? Januarii.

6 i 7

Answer to Addreflbs.

Cogrg*’

Mate.

thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Friday last, and also their several Addresses of Yesterday, that his Majesty would be graci-ously pleased to give Directions, that the several Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Princels of The Lord Galway reported to the House, That her fwertoMef- Highness the Princess of Wales had been at-

fege. tended with the congratulatory Melfage of this House,

on the Increase of the Royal Family, by her Royal Highness being happily delivered of a Princess; and that hec Royal Highness was pleased to return this Answer:

Gentlemen,

I thank you for the Joy you shew at the Increase of the King’s Family.

Mr. Compton reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Creditors of and John Dunn, Goldsmiths and Co-partners, in behalf of themselves, and therelt of the Creditors of the said John Coggs and John was referred, That

the. Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To pfove the Allegations of the said Petition,

A Copy of an Act of Parliament, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate and Efteds of and

John Dann, Goldsmiths and Co-partners, in Trustees, for the speedier Payment of their Creditors,-'and for determining Differences thereupon, was laid.before’ the Committee, whereby it appeared, That all the Eltates real and personal whatsoever, which the said John Coggs and John Dann, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them, or either of them, were seised, possessed of, or interested in, oh the 12th Day of 1700, were vested in certain Trustees, in the said Act named, in Trust, in the first place, for the Benefit of the Creditors of the said John Coggs and Dann, and their liepresentatives, until they respectively should be paid all the Debts then due and owing to them, which lliould be allowed by the Commissioners therein also named, to he fully proved, in such manner as is therein mentioned; and afterwards in Trust for the said John Coggs and John Dann, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, as they should appoint: And, by the same Act, it also appeared, that several Persons,therein named, were appointed Commissioners for the several Purpol’es therein mentioned; and they, or any Three of them, were thereby authorized and empowered to do, perform, and execute all such Acts and Things as Commissioners of Bankruptcy could or might execute and perform, by any of the Laws or Statutes then in Force against Bankrupts.

Then Mr. Thomas Clarke laid before the Committee a Book wherein is entered several Sums of Money, received by one Mr. ITU ha Treasurer to the

Trustees, on account of the said Trust, Part of which Money was by him paid, as Dividends, to several of the Creditors of the said Coggs and Dann.

And, being examined, be said, That the said Book was left with him by the Executors of the said Mr.

liam Wiljhn,who, in their Answer to a Bill filed against them in the Court of Chancery, by the said Trustees, VcL. 23.

which Answer the WitiuTs produced, say, ‘‘That " they have left with the Agent of Mr. Thomas CIn Ac,

" their Clerk in Court in this Cause, a true Copy " of the Account, as far as they the Defendants clo " know, believe, or can dileover, of all Receipts a,d " Payments by the said Win.Wiljhn, relating to the " Estate of the said John Coggs and John Dann, made?

" and taken from Two Books of the said " Wilson ,called the Ledgers.'*

And, by the said Book, it appeared. That Part of the Estate and Effects of the said John Coggs and J°Jin Dann hath been got in, and applied by the said Trustees and Commissioners in such manner as by the said Act is directed.

Mr. Edward Emcly,being examined, said. That Coggs and Dann were in titled, to Nine Shares in the Bristol Brals Works; but that no Dividends have beetx made thereof since the Year 1723: He also laid, That there was in the Hands of Mr. Child and Company the Sum of 482/. 12^/7 id.out of which has been paid 411, or thereabouts, by Order of the Court of Chancery, for Costs.

Upon the whole it appeared to the Committee,

That a considerable Part of the Estate and Effects of the said Coggs and Dann is still Handing out, and unrecovered; and great Part of the Debts due to the several Creditors remains unsatisfied: That the Commissioners appointed by the said Act, and all the acting Trustees, except One, are dead; whereby the several Powers and Authorities, vested and establiihecl by

that Ad, cannot, for want of a sufficient Number or Quorum of Trustees and Commissioners to ad therein he carried on, or put in Execution; nor can any Actions be maintained against, or any Money received from, or any Composition be made with, any Persan indebted to the said Estate; so that the Creditors of the said Coggs and Dann mull be defeated of their just Debts, unless some Alliftance be.given them by Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be. given to bring in a Hill for appointing new Commissioners and Trustees for putting into Execution an Act, passed in the Kighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate and Kffects of John Coggs and John Dann, Goldsmiths and Copartners, in Trustees, for the speedier Payment of their Creditors, and for determining Differences thereupon, and for making the said Act more effectual: And that Afr. Compton, and Sir John Rushout,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for confirming and eftnblishing Lawton Articles of Agreement, and an Award, for dividing inclos"re* and inclosing certain common Fields, and a Common called Cliawton Common, in the Parish of

in the County of Southampton,was read the Thi rd time.

Resolved, That the Bill do past: And that the Title be An Act for confirming and establishing: Articles of Agreement, and an Award, for dividing and inclosing certain common Fields, and a Common called ton Common, in the Parish of Cliawton, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Sir CharlesJTtrrdaunt do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Hugh Smith/bn presented to the House, accord- Tyburn to

ing to Order, a Bill for enlarging the "Term and Uxhiulge Powers granted and given by Two Acts of Pairliament, oa one oft.be First, and the other of the Twelttl), ear of the Reign of his late Majesty King *Le I- i rft>

for repairing the Highways between Tybtn'*1 an<* rr-bridge,in the County of Middhfex-, and for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge, o v c*r Haazre/l Heath, through the Parillies of Hu nice f /, Arer‘’ Dr cut-ford, and Ealing, to the great Weitern 111 the

laid County: And the same was received alK rea the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second tune.

An ingrossed Bill to amend the LaAVconcern «ngCom. Law con-mon Recoveries; and to explain and ament common Re.

made in the Twenty*ninth \ ear of the lieig’11 0 c

? S CAttr/ef

6x8

27° Jauu

A, 1740.

Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries, to far as the same relates to Estates pour autre Vie; was read the Third time.

Refilled, Nemine co, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend the Law concerning common Recoveries; and te explain and amend an A#, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Rcigu of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries, so far as the same relates to Estates pour autre

Ordered, That Mr. Fazakerley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and detire their Concurrence.

Westminster The Lord T)jrconnel reported from the Committee to

Stree.*. whom the Petition of t he several Persons, whose N ames

are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, his Majtlly’s Subjects, was referred. That the Committee hid examined the Matter of the said Petition } and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Wood, Far us Jennings, and Richard Clarke, being few rally examined, said. That the Pavements of the public k Stiver-, Ways, and Passages, within the City and Liberty of I!' ej are in a very ruinous Condition; that by rrafon of Rubbish and other Nuisances in the said Streets, Coaches are often overturned; and that, by these Means, the said Streets, Ways, and Railages, are rendered not only inconvenient, but dangerous to his M.ijv.!t)*s Subjects puffing through the fame.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill for the better paving and elealifing of the Streets within tire City of H'ejtminjln\and the Liberties thereof; and for preventing Nuisances therein;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Mr

lr.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for ttie Noes, j

So it passed in the Negative.

1

118.

144.

Levant Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to ilatle. ],js Majesty, That lie will hegraciously pleased to give Directions, Thatthere may be laid before this House, Copies of all Petitions, Memorials, and Representatiows, from the Levant Company, relating to the State of their Trade and Company, that have been laid before his Majesty, or delivered to either of the Secretaries of State, or the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, in the Years 173;) am! 1740; together with all Proceedings that have been had thereon.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Increase of Sir Charles f Vagerpresented to the House, accord-siiimen. ing to Or<!er, a Bill for the Encouragement and Inert* a fc of Seamen; and for the better and speedier M aiming his Majesty’s Fleet: And the same was received; and read the Fit'll time.

Refilled, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Bill be printed.

Limitiner the Mr. Sandyspresented to the House, according to Number of Order, a Bill for the better securing the Freedom of the'llouiv! Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons: And the same was received; ami read the First time.

Jlfolied, That the Bill he read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Moruing next.

Glouceitcr Mr. Winning!on presented to the House, according

fvmemories, to Order, a Bill for supplying the City of with

Ireih Water: And the laine was received; and read the Fill! time.

Resolvei, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee to wlinm the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed by an A&pafled in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for rebuilding the Tarish Church of Gainfboin the County of Lincoln, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the before-mentioned Act of Parliament was read; whereby it appeared, That the Trustees therein named were authorized toeause the Body of the old Parish Church, and the liles thereof, to betaken down, and rebuilt, after such Model, and according to such Dimensions, and with such Materials, as by the said Trustees Ihbuld he agreed upon; and to cause an Assessment to lie made yearly, on all the Owners and Occupiers of Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Parish, except as in the said Act is mentioned, for railing Money to defray the Expence of taking down and rebuilding the fai’d Church but such Expences were not to exceed Two thousand Five hundred Pounds, nor such Assessments exceed Two hunched and Ten Pounds in any One Year; and the said Trustees, or any Eleven or more of them, were also impowered to allign over the Rates arising by the said Act, for any Term not exceeding Twenty-five Years, for borrowing any Sum not exceeding Two thousuid Five hundred Pounds, and today out the same in such manner as in the said Act is directed.

Then Mr. John Wilber/, Js, Treasurer to the Trustees, appointed to put the said Act. in Execution, being examined, said, That the said Sum of Two thousand Five hundred Pounds, together with a further Sum of Four hundred Sixty-live Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine Pence, hath been raised,- and laid out, for and towards the taking down and rebuilding the said Church.

lie then laid before the Committee a Book, wherein are entered the Accounts relating to the rebuilding of the said Church; which Accounts appear to have been audited by the i’ruftces; and thereby it was proved* that tire Sum of Three thoul'and One hundred Thirty-nine Pounds Twelve Shillings and Three Pence has been expended in the Whole about rebuilding the said Church; and Eighty Pounds for Plumber’s Work, and Sixty Pounds for Timber used about the fame, is still due.

The Witness further said, That the said Church is not finillied, as required by the Act; the same not being completely covered, nor the Walls raised to their proper Height; that the Windows are not glazed, neither are there any Doors to the fame, or auy Pavement laid.

Mr. Thomas Moreton, and Mr. Joseph Marshall, being severally examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Wilber/o/s, in relation to the Church not being

finished.

Then the said Mr. Moreton laid before the Committee an Estimate, made by able and experienced Workmen, of what Work will be needfary to complete the building of the said Church, as required by the Act, and of" what Sum will he wanting for that Purpose; whereby it appears, that it will require One thousand Five hundred and Fifteen Pounds Ten Shillings and Six Pence to finish the Outside of the fame, exclusive of what will be necessary to complete the Inside,

He then laid before the Committee another Estimate of the Charge of all the Materials to complete the Brick Work, Carpenters and Joiners Work, necessary for the Inside of the said Church; together with the Charge of completing the circular End Roof, and fixing Gutters round the Church; whereby it appeared, that the same will amount so the Sum of Six hundred and Ninety-five Pounds Two Shillings and Six Pence.

Upon the Whole, it appeared to the Committee, T^-a*

before

Gain<b5-

rou^h

Church.

i4 Geo. II.

27* — 28*

619

Beco?«y of final! Debts.

Reading

£k£tion.

before Divine Service Can tie performed in the said Church, a further Sum of Two thousand Two hundred and Ten Pounds Four Shillings, over and above what was granted by the former Act* will be necessary to complete the Rebuilding of the fame, and finill; the Inside thereof, according to the Estimates laid before the Committee; and to pay off the Sum of Four hundred and Sixty-five Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine Pence, now due for Work and Materials, exclusive of the Charges of obtaining the Act petitioned for.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for finishing and completing the Parish Church of borough, in the County of Lincoln: And that Mr* Vyner and Mr. Whichcole do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itfelfinto a Committee Of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Debts, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of John , Esq'uire, complaining of an undue Election hud Return for the Borough of Reading, in the County of

And the Comifel for the Petitioner examined several WitneHes.and produced Evidence, in order to establiflj the Vote of another Person. who, as fit to be put upon the Rates, though not rated, tendered his Vote for the Petitioner, and was rejected by the Mayor: Then tlieCounlel for the Petitioner examined several Witnesses, in order to prove what Number of Persons were continually added to the Rates made in the several Parishes within the said Borough, for several Years before the said Election; and also to ffiew who have been Mayors of the said Borough for the Years 1738, 1739, and 174°i and who have been Overseers of the Poor in the several Parishes within the said Borough, for the Years 1739 and 1740; and for which of the Candidates such Mayors and Overseers severally voted, at the last Election.

Then they produced an Order made at the Quarter Session of the Peace, held for the said Borough October 11, 1734, in order to shew that

who was appointed hv the Mayor Overseer of the Poor for the Parish of St. Giles, within the said Borough, for the Year 1740, was, at that Session, upon Appeal, discharged from Payment to the Rates, ou account of his Poverty.

Ai>d the said Order being read;

They examined several Witnesses, as to the Behaviour of the Mayor at the last Election; and then they luinmed up their Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member were heard. And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of John Dodd Esquire, complaining of ;in undue Election and Return for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mcrcurii, 28° Januarii \

Anno 14* Georgii IIdi. Regis, 1740.

Pr a v EUS.

Ronrdillou’s, A N ingrolled Bill for naturalizing of Gideon Bour-fcc. Nat. Jt\ dillon and John David was read the Third

time.

Voj.. 23.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing of Gideon Bourd/llon and John David Billon. '

Ordered, That Mr. Lindeftty do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Phlllipjbn, from the Commissioners of his Majesty Navy* presented to the Hotife, pursuant to S^ry^1 their Order, An Account of the Charge for Tranijiort Service, for the Year 1740.

And the Title of the said Accduht was read;

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Navy Office, 26th Januar\ji i74&

ivv

Alt Abcoutit of the Charge for Transport Service for the Year 1740; prepared pursuant to an Ordec from the honourable House of Commons, dated 16th January 1740.

Nature of the Charge;

Sum.

Freight of Seventy*five Transports* hired carry the Forces under the Command of the Right honourable the Lord Calhcdrt - * 95,390 18

Buildings Cabins, and other Conveniencies on board, with the Expence of surveying them 2,769 15

Vinegar for washing the Transports, to

prevent lnfeftiou * 723 1

| For the Use of Soldiers^ 5*359 *6

Hilling Geer I i 538 —

Pilotage of Sixteen Transports from the , River Thames to Leith and 77m-vwuth,icr\ thence to the Downs - 185

Salary to the Agent and his Clerk - 328

Total 105,275 18

3

10

2

12

14

8

The Total amoufitsunto the Sum of One hundred and Five thousand Two hundred Seventy-five Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight Pence.

Richard Haddock, James Ackxvorth,

John Phillipfoni Tho. Pearfe,

G. Croiole, J.Fatcler.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie vrpon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the I] ouse.

The House being Informed, That Mr. Oxenford, Trade with from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at Turkey, the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what Quanti ty of raw Sil\t has been imported from Turkey, from Christmas 1720 to -

mas 1749* distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Value of Woollen NI anutaftures exported to Turkey, from Christmas 1720 to Christ-inus 1740; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of what Quantity of Woollen Manufacture has been exported to Turkey, from Christmas 1720 to Christmas 1740; distinguishingr each Year.

And then lie withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of t-lie House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Razolinfon Earle,from the Office of* Ordnance, 4ppl'ca,ldnt presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to for Stores ftr his Majesty, Copies of all Letters that have been orr'* written, or Representations or Applications made, to the Office of Ordnance, relating to Stores, Provisions> Ammunition, or other Necessaries, for the Fleet lately under the Command of the Iti»ht able Sir John Norris.

And the Titles of the said Copies were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the TJoule.

The

Fkot.

Kenfingtori, &c. Hoads.

rhatteris Ftrry Hoad.

620 28° Januari. A. 174a.

The said Copies are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill forebldrgihgthe Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of Ins late Majesty King the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads in the Parities at' Kensington, Chelsea, and and other Parishes

therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; and for repairing some other Roads in the Parish of St. George Hanover Square, and the said Parishes of Kensington and Chelsea \ was read the Third time.

Refdved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, Chelsea, and Fulham, and other Parishes therein

mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; and for repairing some other Roads in the Parish of St. George Hanover Square, and the said Parishes of Kensington and Chelsea.

Ordered, That Mr. Pnlteney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deiire their Concurrence. ;':i

Mr. Clarke reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the First Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Chatteris Ferry, which divides the Isle of Ehjfrom the County of to Ham-

monds Eau Bridge, and from thence to Bridge, atSomrr/lunnTown’s End,in the same County, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

' The Act of Parliament therein mentioned was produced, whereby itappeared, That several Tolls and Duties were granted for repairing the said Road; which said Tolls were to continue, and be collected, from the lit Day of Mai/ 1728, for the Term of Twenty-one Years.

Then Mr. Thomas Undenooood, Clerk to the said Trustees, being examined, said, That there has been borrowed, upon the Credit of the said Tolls, the Sum of 800I. which remains unpaid; and that the said Sum of 800l. together with the Tolls collected by virtue of the said Act, hathbeen laidout in repairing Part of the said Road; bn t that the remaining Part of the said Road is in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be futliciently amended, neither can the Money so borrowed be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act be enlarged.

Being further examined, he said, That the aforesaid Sum of 800l. was first borrowed at per Cent, per Annum-, bn 11 hat the said Trustees have now reducedihe Interest payable thereupon, to 4/. per Cent, per Annum.

William ThompfonLfquire, being examined, said,

That the afore-mentioned Road lies through a deep Fen, and moorish Soil, and is atpresent info ruinous a Condition, for want of a sufficient Sum of Money to repair the fame, that, in some Parts of it, they are obliged to lav Straw over Sticks, in order to keep the Cattle from miring; and that it is impossible to repair the fame, and repay the Money already borrowed, unlessthc Term granted by the said Act be enlarged.

It further appeared to the Committee, by the Accounts relating to the said Road, that there was due to the Treasurer of the said Trustees the Sum of Twelve Pounds Sixteen Shillings, bolides the above-mentioned Sum of Eight hundred Pounds, borrowed on the Credit of the said 'foils.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the'fcrms and Powers, granted by an Act, made in the First Yearofhispresent Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Chatteris

Ferry, which divides the Isle of Ely from the County of Huntingdon to Hammonds Eau, and from thence to Somersham Bridge, at Somersham Town’s End in the said County: And that Mr. Clark and Mr. prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Henry Archer presented to the House, according Relief of to Order, a Bill to continue an Act for Relief of Deb- Debtors, Sectors, with respect to thelmprisonment of their Perl'ons; and Two subsequent Acts for explaining and amending the same; and also to continue an Act for the free Importation of Cochineal and Iudico: And the same was received: and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

3

Sir Charles Wager, from the Commissioners for exe- SirC. Ogle’s cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Fleet Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their: -

Address to his Majesty, Copy of the Reasons sent by Admiral Cavendish, in pursuance of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty, October 12, 1740, that had retarded the failing of Sir Chaloner Ogle's Squadron so much beyond Ertpeftation.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copy is bound up with the other Papers

of thisSession. .

A Complaint being made to the House, That on Privilege: Friday la.il a- Merpher of this House was insulted by c.'.ottoaof several Chairmeo,on the Stairs leading to this House; chairmen, and that, in the Crowd, when he was so insulted, his Pocket was picked; ..

And the House being informed, That Arthur, Raw-linfon. High Constable of Westminster, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, being examined, acquainted the House, That the Constablesin Waiting were then, and at otherjTimes, so intimidated there by the Chairmen, that they dare not do their Duty: And he related several Outrages committed thereby Chairmen, against the Constables in Waiting, One of whom has been lately served a with Notice, in Writing, of a Declaration filed agaiuftliim in the King’s Bench, for an, Allault, at the Suit of Thomas Wa Chairman, in which Suit IFood was, and John is now,

Attorney for the Plaintiff.

And he produced the said Notice.

And then he withdrew.

Then the said Notice was read, dated the 27th of this Instant January, and subscribed with the Name of the said John Lewis.

The House being informed, That John Crispe, One of the Constables in Waiting, upon whom the said Notice was served, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, being examined, acquainted the House, That the said Notice was served upon him last Night; and that, while he was in the Execution of his Office, One Day this Session, on the Stairs leading to the lloule, and, with his Staff in his Hands, endeavoured to disperse the Chairmen there, the said Plaintiff, being One of those Chairmen, received an accidental Biowfrom that Staff; for which pretended Afi'ault the said Declaration is by the Defendant supposed to be filed.

And then he withdrew.

The House being informed, That One of the Beadles in Waiting, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, being examined, acquainted the House, That when the said Insult on Friday last was committed, he was obstructed in the Execution of hisOflice, by Chairmen to him unknown, some of whose Chairs were not numbered.

And then he withdrew.

The House being informed, That William Home, another Constable in Waiting, attended at the Door;

He

1

14 Geo. II. 28" Januarii. 621

He was called in; and, at the Bar, being examined, acquainted the House, That, about a Month before Christmas lall, being on the Stairs leading to the House, in the Execution of his Duty, and having his Staff in his Hand, he was aft'aulted by a Chairman unknown, who threw him down, and put out his Ancle.

And then lie withdrew.

Ordered, That John Lewis, Attorney at Law, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That- Attorney at Law, do at-

tend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Thomas Williams, a Chairman, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Arthur I Iigh Constable of

We/tminJ/cr, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That John Crispe do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Recovery of A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the (bull Debts. Tijj,] Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the Recovery of small Debts, and for the Relieving of poor Debtors in London, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Barnard, Mr. Alderman Healhcote., Sir Nathanael

zon, Mr. Treby, Mr. Longueville, Sir John Healhcote, Lord Barrington, Lord Gage, Mr. Southwell, Mr.

ning ton, Dr. Cotes, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Cliester, Lord Beauclerk, Mr. Hungei'fordMr. Cholmondeley, Mr.

Rouney, Mr. Sandys, Sir John dftley, Mr. Sir

Hear. Lyddel, Mr. J Mr. Mr.

Glanville.Mr Gore, Sir Carezo, Mr. Watts, Mr.

Hooper, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Mr. Ky-

najtun. Sir M. Stapylfon, Mr. , Mr. Carezo, Sir James Dajhuood, Mr. Alderman , Mr. Jeffreys,

Sir John JI. Cotton, Mr. Earle, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. WAbraham, Mr. Popham, Sir Geo. Oxen-den, Mr. Powis ;and all the Members who serve for the

City o (London:And they are to meet this \fterncon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Differing The Lord Baltimore reported from the Committee, of the to whom the Petition of j'everai Merchants, Captains, Longitude. an(] \|aflers of $()ips; as also of several Mathematicians, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the , Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at

the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

By an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Perfousas 111 all discover the Longitude at Sea, the Commissioners therein appointed were impowered to apply any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, for making Experiments of any Proposal or Proposals that should be made to them, for the Discovery of the Longitude.

It appeared to the Committee, upon the Examination of Mr. Charles Middleton an Mr. the

First of which Tenons has used the Sea Eight-and-thirty Years, and the latter Forty Years, That they had by Experience found the Latitude of the North Foreland to be erroneous in most, of the Charts, or Sea Maps, in some Thirty Minutes, and iu other Twenty Minutes, and the Longitude still more erroneous.

That the Latitudes and Longitudes to the Northward of Newcastle, particularly the I lies of Orkney, and the moil northern Parts of Britain, are very false; which, the Examinants apprehend, is the Occasion of many Ships being loll upon the northern Coalt; and which they conceive to be very prejudicial to Navigation, and particularly to those Ships which are obliged to come North about:

That the Longitude and Latitude of the South Foreland, though more correct than the North Foreland, is

Voj.. 23.

not so exactly laid down as might be; and that the fixing the Longitude and Latitude of both those Places, as likewise of many Headlands in the Channel, particularly the Bill of Portland, the Lizard, and also the Klands of Sicily, out of the Channel, would be of general Service to the Navigation of this Kingdom.

The Reverend Mr. Whiston,being examined, said,

That he had been at ^.300 Expence in buying Inftrn-ments, and employing proper Persons, to find the Longitude and Latitude of several Places, particularly the North and South Forelands, and Duand that Persons were employed in finding the same at Beachy Head; and that he had received £. zoo and upwards, by voluntary Subscriptions of several Persons of Quality and Distinction, towards carrying on the said Undertaking:

That lie had applied to the Commissioners, appointed by the above-mentioned Act, for so much of the Sum of Two thousand Pounds therein mentioned, for making Experiments at Sea, as tlie CommissionersIhouId think a reasonable Recompence; but that some Doubts have arisen, whether any Part of that Sum could he appropriated as a Recompence for the finding out, and better ascertaining, the Latitude and Longitudes o Headlands and Havens, although the Examinant thinks the same very necessary and advantageous to the Navigation of this Kingdom; and that, in the First place, if the Longitude at Sea flmuld be fully discovered, it would be absolutely necessary, that the Latitude and Longitude of the Place gone from, and also the Latitude and Longitude of the Place to be gone to, should be described as exactly as possible.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain so much of an Act, passed in the Twelfth 'Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen intitu-

led, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, as relates to the making of Experiments of Proposals for discovering the Longitude at Sea: And that the Lord Baltimore, Sir John Barnard, and Mr. tre, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Healhcote presented to the House, according Preservation to Order, a Bill for the better Preservation of the pub- of Highway*. lick Roads of that Part of Great Britain called England:

And the same was received; and read the Firfi. time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1741, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, {hewing how much Money has been received by the Treafnrer of Greenwich Hospital, from Christmas 1739 to CChri/imas 174°;

and how the same has been applied; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, {hewing h o w the Money granted last Session of Parliament for Gretmzvich Hospital, has been disposed of, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the State of the Revenue and Expence of Greenwich Hospital, for the Year x 7 40, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Royal African.

Company of England be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Establishment of the Royal African Company of England, for their several Forts and Settlements on the Coalt of Africa, with the Ch thereof

for the Year 1740; distinguishing how much of the same is on Account of Trade, and how much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Settlements; and also, an Account how the Money granted in the Ja fion of Parliament, towards the Maintenance of the said

7 T Forts

622 28 — 2£°

Forts and Settlements, hath been disposed of; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Eftinoate of the Charges of the Royal African Company of England, for the Maintenance of the several B Forts and Settlements, belonging to the said Company, on the Coast of Africa, for the Year 1741, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That an Account, shewing how the Money remaining unapplied and unappropriated the 29th of January 1739, of the Money granted in Parliament in the Year 1739, for the Trullees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in Amer,has been ftnce applied by them for the further settling and improving the said Colony, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, (liewing how the Money, granted in the last Session of Parliament, for the Trullees for establishing the Colony of in , has

been applied by them for the further settling and improving the said Colony, be referred to the said Committee.

ThentheHouse resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions: which they had dii efted him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr Francis Fanealfo acquainted the House, That he

was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Suppfy granted to In’s Majesty.

Way* and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Means, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ponishing Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Mutiny and punishing Mutiny and Desertionj and for the better Desertian. Payment of the Army, and their Quarters: And that Mr. Secretary at War, and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Colony of Ordered, That the Trustees for establ ishing the Colony

Georgia, of Georgia in America, do lay before this House, an Account of the Progrefe of the said Colony, from its first Establ i(hment.

Delays of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Causes after prevent Incouveniencies arising by Delays of Causes issue joined. after I (foe joined; And that Mr. Mr. Bramfon,

Mr. Protcje, and Mr. Harley, do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Betnilatiner The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Tryals at resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Hifi Prim, upon the Bill for regulating Tryals at Nisi Prius; and for the more effectual summoning of special Juries:

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Seven-night, refolvb itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Becavary of The Hoirife resolved itself into a Committee of the ihiail Debt* whole House, upon t!ie Bill for the more dafy Recovery of small Debts.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Fox took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Januarii. A. 1740,

Mr. Henry Fox reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tueflay Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

yovis, 29° dieJanuarii;

Anno 14* Georgii IlJi Regis, 1740.

PtATIRS.

SI R Miles Stapylton presented to the House, accord- Calder

ing to Order, a Bill for making navigable the River Navigation. Calder, in the West Riding of the County of from the Town of Wakefield to the Town of Ealand-, and for continuing the Navigation from thence, by the Brooke-mouth, to Salterhabble Bridge, and so farther up a River called Halifax Brooke, to the Town of Halifax?

J\nd the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill-be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for making the Chapelry of Nether NetMr Knutsford, in the Parish of Rofhern, in the County of Knwsford Cheficr, a separate and distinct Parrfli; and for erecting DndowraeuU. a Parish Church therein, endowing the fame, and settling the Right of Presentation thereto; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making the Chapelry of Nether Knutsford, in the Parish of Rofhern, and County of Chester, a separate and distinct Parish; and for erecting a Parish Church therein, endowing the feme, settling the Right of Presentation thereto, and other Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmondeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Btereton, from the Commissioners for victualling VifluaWin? his Majesty’s Navy, presented to the House, pursuant the Forew. to their Order, an Account of the Expence of victualling his Majesty’s Land Forces sent on the Expedition to America.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Notice being taken of a Mistake in transcribing the said Account, the same was, byOrder of the House, witly-drawti, in'order to the presentinga perfect Account.

Mr. Folhitt presented to the House, according to Sevenoak* Order, a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers Road*, granted by Two Acts of Parliament, One of the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Highways leading from Sevenoaks to Woodsgate, and Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent', and the other of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term granted by the said Act, and for explaining and making the feme more effectual, and for amending the Highways leading from Woodsgate to Kipping's Cross, and for repairing the Roads from thence to Lam-berfmrfi Pound and Pullens Hill, in the said County, and to Ftimoell Vent in the County of Suffer r And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second lime.

The Seije&nt at Arms attending this House being called upon to inform the House, whether John Lexis DifWderh was attending, according to the Order of Yesterday for Conduct t> that Purpofle, acquainted the House, That he was not Chairmen, then attending.

Then One of the Messengers was called in; and, being examined, acquainted the House, That he served the said John Lexvigy in Person, with the said Order; and that he

feid.

Answer to Adresse?.

14 Geo. II.

29" Januarii.

6 23

find, That he would attend Accordingly by Ten of the Clock this Morning.

And then the said Messenger withdrew.

John Wood, Attorney at Law, attending, according to Order, was called in; and, at the Bar, being examined, denied that he was concerned in the Action brought by Thomas Williams against John

And then he withdrew.

Thomas Williams, a Chairman, attending, according to Order, was called in; and, at the Bar, being examined, acquainted the House, That lie at full employed one Roan in the said Action; but that being re-

commended to him, as a more proper Person, he told his same to him, who thereupon consented to carry on the said Suit; and he alleged. That when he was upon the Stairs leading to this House, attending a Member, John Crispe, the Constable, puihed his Stall'into his Eye; and that lie was blind several Days.

Then' John Crispe, attending, according to Order, was called in; and oeing at the Bar confronted with the said Thomas Williams, charged him with refilling to go down llie Stairs; and perlilled in the Account which he gave Yesterday, that the Blow, which the said Williams complained of, was accidental:

And then they withdrew.

Resolved, That the bringing an Action at Law against John Crispe, for what he did in the Execution of his Duty, as a Constable attending the Service of this House, by endeavouring to prevent the Disorders of Chairmen, who were crowding upon the Stairs leading to the House, to the Annoyance of the Members thereof, is a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

The House being informed, that the said John Lewis . was then attending; lie was called in; and, being examined at the Bar, denied that he sued out the original Writ against the said John C; but confessed that he delivered the Declaration against the said John Crispe, the said Thomas Williams having acquainted him with his Cafe, without mentioning that the said John Crispe was a Constable in Waiting.

Thomas Williams, being again called in, and confronted with the said John L. declared That he acquainted the said John Lewis with every Circumstance of his Cafe; and mentioned particularly, that John Crispe was a Constable in Waiting; though afterwards he retracted Part of his Evidence; and said. That he did not inform the fai djohnLewis that John Crispe was a Constable in Waiting, but only mentioned his being a Constable.

And then they withdrew.

Resolved, That Thomas Williams, a Chairman, was the Person who brought the said Action against the said John CriJ/ie; and is thereby guilty of a Breach of the Privi-Jegc of this House.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Williams be, for said Offence, committed Prisoner to the Prison of the -house; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Resolved, That John Lewis, Attorney at Law, has been concerned in carrying ou the said Action, and is thereby guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said John Lewis be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their

Address of TuefdayIp.ft, That his Majesty would be gra-

ciously pleased to give Directions, That Copies of all Petitions, Memorials, and Representations, therein mentioned, might bo laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

And Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, pursuant to their Address of Friday last to his Majesty, Copy of a Petition of the Levant Company to his Majesty, in Council, in this present Year 1740, with the Proceedings thereon.

Vol. 23.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copy is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and desire

Mr . Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire, That this House will give Leave, That John Neale Esquire, a Member of this House, may-have Leave to attend the House of Lords, upon the Second Reading of the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Advowson of the Church of Tetbury, in the County of Gloucester-, and for applying the Money arising by

such Sale for rebuilding the said Church.

And then the Messengers withdrew1.

Mr. Neale,being present in the House, declared Tint*,

he was willing to go to the Lords, as is desired by the U* Lordships.

Resolved, That John Neale Esquire, a Member of this House, have Leave to go to the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships, if he thinks fit.

And then the Meil’engers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

Sir Miles Stapylton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds, and from thence, in Two several Branches, one through Bradford and Horton,

and the other through Bowling and to the 'Town

of Halifax, in the same Riding: Aud the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

attend them.

Selby, tec.

Roads,

Letant

Trade.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of what Quantities of Woollen or other Goods and Manufactures, have been exported from Great Britain for Twenty Years, ending at Christmas last, to Rujfia; distinguishing the several Species, and their Value, for each Year.

Ordered, That the’ proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of what Quantity of raw and thrown Silk has been imported from all Countries, exclusive of Turkey, from Christmas 1720 to 1740; distftiguishing each Country, and each 'Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of what Quantity of manufactured Silk has been exported from Christmas 1720 to Christmas 1740; distinguishing each Country, and each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the "Value of manufactured Silks exported from Christmas 1720 to Christmas 1740; distinguishing each Country, and each Year,

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from SuPPly‘ the Committee of the whole House, to -whom it was re -ferred itconfidei* further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the same were read; and are as followeth 5 *otz.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for fbe better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital worn out, and become decrepid, in the Service their Country.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

'1 hat a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Wine hundred Forty-eight Pounds Eighteen Shillings and F°*|r Pence, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for Out-Pensioners of Clielfea Hospital for the Year 74 r*

Resolved,

6i 4

29° Januarii — 3" Februarii.

A.

1740.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fen thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to be applied towards the Maintenance of the Britisk Forts and Settlements, belonging to the Royal African Company of England, on the Coait of Africa.

Refilved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for the further settling and improving the Colony of Georgia in America.

The said Refutations, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Porter’s, &c. Mr. Winnington presented to the House, according to Import of Order, a Bdl to impower Jofiplt , James Botirdieu,

Spauitb Silk. aj. j Abraham Defmarette,to import a certain Quantity of raw Silk of the Growth of Spain, from Leghorn: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Limiting Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Number of Reading of the Bill for the better securing the Freedom the House. of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refilved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, rtfolve it felt into aCommittee of the wholeHouse, upon the said Bill.

Trade with Persia through Iluflia.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the Second Reading of the Bill for opening a Trade to and from Persia through Ruffin, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon TueJ'dayMorning next.

Clandcstine A Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and export of Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Collumpton, in

Wool. the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto sub-

feribed, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture; which the Petitioners attribute, in a great Measure, to the Running of Wool: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con Adoration of aCommittee of the whole House.

Refilved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into aCommittee of the wholeHouse, to consider of the said Petition.

Stealing of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Sheep, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to render the Law's mor effectual for preventing the Stealing and Destroying of Sheep, and other

Cattle, be now read:

Aral the said Order being read accordingly;

Refilved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. "

The other Order of the Day being read;

Reading The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Election. Matter of the Petition of Dodd Esquiire, complaining of an undue Election ^nd Return for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks.

And the Counsel ivere called in.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member examined fevurtd Witnesses, as to the Behaviour of the Mayor at the said Llection, and the Manner of making the Rates for the Relief of the Poor, within the said Borough, in the Year 1739.

Then they examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to ffiew whatNuiuberof Persons were added to the Rates, made for the Relief of the Poorwith-16

in the said Borough, in several Years preceding the said EleClion, and for which of the Candidates some of the Persons, added to the last Rate of the Year 17 39, and the First Rate of the Year 1740, made for the Parish of St.Giles, within the said Borough, voted:

Aud having examined several Witnesses, as to the time when the present Mayor came into his Office, and the Circumstances of Chrifopher Litlleworth, an Overseer of the Poor for the said Pariflt of St.;

They examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to jollify the Votes of several Persons,who voted for the Sitting Member at the said Election, and whom the Counsel for the Petitioner had endeavoured to disqualify.

Then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of John Dodd Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, be adjourned till Monday Se-venuight.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Martis 30 die Februarii;

Anno 14* Georgii IIJi Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

JbfAR TIN Kvyck van hlierop took the Oaths appointed in order to his Naturalization.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Dr.Huttoa the Reverend Dr. Matthew Hutton, for the Sermon by thanked, him preached before this House upon Friday last, at Margaret's, Westm infer; and that he be desired to print the fame: And that Mr. York, Mr. IIozo, Mr. Cholm~ ley Turner, Sir Joseph Pennington, and Mr. OJbaldeston, do acquaint him therewith.

A Petition of the Graziers, Wool-growers, Gentlemen, ciandertme and others, concerned in Romney Marfi, in the County Export of of Kent, and Places adjacent, whose Names are there- Wo°* unto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and many others, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That the several Acts of Parliament, which have been made to prevent the Exportation of Wool to foreign Parts, are, in a great measure, ineffectual; and that there has been a constant Decrease, for Twenty-twoYearspaft, in the Price of that Commoditj', from Ten Pounds to near Four Pounds the Pack; which, the Petitioners apprehend, could not have happened if the Woollen Manufacture in this Kingdom had not been greatly diminillied; the Decay whereof has already leffened, and mult very soon to a great Degree, inevitably reduce, the Value of valt Numbers of Estates in this Kingdom, and at the same time carry immense Riches to those neighbouring Countries, who have too successfully of late rivalled us in the Woollen Manufacture; and that, as the Petitioners have been informed, the French cannot work up their own Wool into Cloths proper for the foreign Markets, wilhout mixingOne Pack of British or Irish Wool with Two of their own; which makes

the Petitioners hope, that, if effectual Methods could be found to prevent the French from having any Wool from Great Britain or Ireland, they would not, for the future, be able to undersell his Majesty’s Subjects in the foreign Markets: And further repreienting to thelloufe,

That a Law to oblige the Owners of all Wool, Ihorn in GreatBrilainov Ireland, to register the fame, and not permit it to be conveyed from the Place of itsGrowth to any other Part of the Kingdom, but by Lund Carriage, till it be manufactured, seems to the Petitioners to be the most likelyWaytopreventtheExportationofWoolout of these Kingdoms: And therefore praying the House to.take the Premises into Consideration; and give such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet. 1

Ordered,

14 Geo. II. 30 Februarii. 5

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Coflderation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of Cullump, in the County of Devon, wlinfe Names are thereunto subscribed.

Vaaghan’* Mr. Braviflon reported from the Committee to whom

UaU’ the Petition of Gioyn F.squire, and Mary his

Wife, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directedhim to report the fame, as it ap|>eared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, there were laid before the Committee Articles of Agreement, dated 20th July 1727, whereby it appeared, that previous to the Marriage between the Petitioners, Samuel Roach Esquire, the Petitioner Martha's late Father deceased, covenanted to convey the Manor or Lord ship of Kingson Seymour, in the County of to Uses;

that is to say, after the Solemnization of the said Marriage, to the Use of the Petitioner , for

Life; Remainder to certain Trustees, in the said Articles named, and their Heirs, to support contingent Remain-tiers; Remainder to the Use of the Petitipner Martha for Life, without Impeachment of Waste; Remainder to the Use of such Son or Sons of the Body of the Petitioners Gwyn Vaughan and Martha to be begotten, as they, or the Petitioner Martha alone, she furvlving the other Petitioner, by any Deed or Deeds, or by the Petitioner Martha's last Will, in Writing, should iimit, direct, or appoint, and the Heirs of the Bodies of such Son or Sons; and, in Default of such Appointment, to the Use of the first and other Sons of the JPetit ioners Gwyn Martha, fitcceffively, in Tail Male; Remainder to the Use of the Heirs of the Body of the Petitioner Martha, and with Remainder, in Fee, to the Use of the Petitioners Gioyiin Vaughan and , and their Heirs.

Then Mr. John Harper laid before the'Committee a Paper, purporting to be an Fxtract out of the Register Book for the Parish of Legh, in

whereby it appeared, That the Death of the said Samuel Roach happened on or about the 25 th of July 1717.

The Marriagebetween the Petitioners GioyiuiVaughan and Martha, and her Consent, were also proved before the Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for impowering Gwyn Vaughan Esquire, and his Wife, and their Son9, to make I^eases of the Manor of Seymour, in the County of Somerset, for Lives, or Years determinable on Deaths, according to the Custom of the Country: And that Air. Mr. Prouse, and

Mr. Lifter, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ship* Mr. PhiUipJon,frotn the Commissioners of his Ma-

.fisdding. jesty’s Navy, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of a Letter from Burchett, Esquire, to the Navy Board, dated 7th Mai) 1740: And also,

Copy of an anonymous Paper, which came inclosed in the above Letter i And also,

Copy of a Letter from Josiah Burchett Esquire, to the Navy Board, dated the 14th May 1740: And aUb;

<Jopies of Letters and Reports- received from the Captains of his Majesty’s Ships at home, and from Mr. Wallace, Agent for the Transports, relating to the Badness of the Materials put into the Bedding furnished by the Contractor to his Majesty’s Ships; together with a List of the said Copies.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table; to be perused by the Members of the House,

The said Copies are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Vol. 23.

A Bill for repairing and enlarging the Roads from the Selby Town of Selby,in the West hiding of the County of Roads.

York, to the Town of Leeds; and from thence, in Two several Branches, one through Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bolding and Wxbfeyto the Town of Halifax, in the same Riding; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Miles Stapylion, Mr. Shvttleworth, Mr. Lockwood, Mr.

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Popham, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr.

Carmichael, Mr. Fox, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Sir

Cholmley Turner, Mr. Geo. Fox, Mr. Southwell, M r.

Bootle, Sir Abr, Elton, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Trent hard, Mr.

Bond, Mr Laroche, Sir John Heathcofe, Sir John Hex?' — nard, Mr Alderman Pern1, Mr. Alderman ?>\c John Ramsden, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Mr.

bon, Mr. Lambton, Sir John Ru/houl, Lord

M r. llrere ton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Drummond, Mr. field, Mr. Haler, Mr. Fotrfier, Mr Lechmerr, Mr. fVr-rew. Captain Evans, Mr. Pigott, Mr. OJbaldefon, M r*

Walker, Mr. Bise; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lancaster, and And the_y

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the.CIock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for making navigable the River Colder, in the Calder West R iding of the County of York,from the Town of Navigation.

Wakefield to the Town of Ealand; and for continuing the Navigation from thence, by the , to

Salterhabble Bridge, and so further up a River called.

Halifax Brooke, to the Town of Halifax, was read a.

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Fox, Mr. Southwell, Mr.. Bootle, Sir Abr

Elton, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Trenchard, M*\ Boone, fir. roche. Sir John Heathcofe, Sir John Barnard, Mr. A.L-derman Perry, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Iwckwood, Mr.

Shuttleworth, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Alderman Heathcofe,

Mr. Papillon, Mr. Revell, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Lindofity,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lambton, Sir John , Mr. ATy-

naston, Mr. Cholmley Turner, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Hugh Smithjbn, Mr. IJowe, Mr. Lifer, VIr. , Mr.

Prowse, Mr. Medlycolt.Mr. Hilton, Mr. Curwen, Colonel Howard, Sir James Lowthttr, Sir Jof. Pennington, N/tr.

Hedwarth, Mr. Bowes, Colonel Ingram, Mr. Geo. Fox,

Mr. Shuttlewortfi, Sir Thomas Lowther, Mr.

Mr. Gildart, Mr. Vane, Sir Henry Liddell, Sir If'm.

Middleton, Mr Jenifon, Mr. Worthy, Captain Mr Robert llilliams-, and all the Members who serve

for the Counties of York, Lancaster, Chester, and Fin-coin: And they are tb meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Money mif-House, an Account shewing how much of the So no of ed on Salt One Million, raised upon the Credit of the Duties on . Salt, granted for the Service of the Year 1734, hath been discharged.

A Bill for the effectual Draining and Preservation of Waterbeach Water beach Level, in the County of 5 and Drainag*.

to establish an Agreement; made between the Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach cum Denny, and the Commoners within the said Manor; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bromley,

Mr. Shepheard, Mr. Lindefay, Mr. Howe, Sir Geo.

den. Sir John Turner-, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Brereton,

Mr. Legge, Mr. Shuttleicorlh, Sir Hugh Smithjbn, Mr. '

Fox, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. OJbaldefon, Sir J Pennington, Mr Pigott, Mr. Packer, Mr. Drtnnmond, Sir John

Ramsden, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Hucks, Mr. 2Wed-lycott. Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Cholmley Turner, Sir John Crosse, Sir James Grant, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Glanville,

Mr. Yorke, Mr. Owen, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Fane, Mr.

Bowles, Mr. Soulhxtell, Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr. Walker, Mr. Stephen Fox, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Smelt, Mr,

Horfmonden Turner, Mr. Morej and all the Members

7 U who

F^rrybriil^e &Ci iload*.

Cloncefier

Water

Company.

30 Februarii. . 1740.

who serve for the Comities of,

and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

;: A Hill for repairing the Roads from to

bridge,ami from thence to the City of Fork; and nlfo from Ferrybridge. through lto Boroughbridge,

in the Comm’ of York was read a Second time.

W, That the Rill be committed to Sir John Bamfden, Sir Miles Stapvlton, Mr. Cholmley Turner, Sir

Nash.naelCurzoti, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Ofhaldeston, Si r Charles Alordaunt, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Smi Mr. Zb'erc-

ton, Mr. Smelt, Mr. I.iudejhy, Mr. Mr.

north, Mr. llofs, Mr. Alderman Pern/, Mr. Protnj, Mr. Drummond, Lord Galway, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Butler, Mr.

Williams, SirJantes Gilmour, Mr. Carezo, Sir Oxen-den,yir.Gu/jldn, Sir Geo. Champion, Sir Mr. fonguevUte, Mr. Southwell, Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr.

II anger ford, Mr. Packer, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Legge, Miv Owen, Lord Barrington, Sir John

Mr. Ilozce, Sir John Turner; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Cumberland,

Northumberland, and for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the SpeakeVs Chamber.

A Bill for supplying the City of Gloucester with fresh Water, was-read a Second time.1 ,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Winnington, Mr. Sehoyn, Mr. Lindcjdy, Mr. Brereton, Sir John Turner, Sir Nathanael Curzon Sir James Mr.

Cholmley Turner, M r. Hotoe, M r. Glanville, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. White, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. P lit nitre, Sir Jof Pennington, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Huclcs, Lord Quarendon, Mr. Carew, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Shul-

tleworlh, Lord Barrington, Mr. Noel, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Mordaunt, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Smelt; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, and: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five. of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Secretary at War, by his Majesty’s Command, presented to the House,

Estimate of the Charge of the Staff Officers appointed by his Majesty, to attend the Hospital established for the Service of the Expedition under the Command of the Right honourable Lord Cathcart, for the Year *741: And also,

Edimate of the Charge of a Regiment of Foot, raised in America, confiding of Thirty-six Companies, for the Service of the Year 1741: And also,

Edimate of the Charge of General and Staff Officers*, appointed by his Majesty. to-go with his Forces on bpjurd the Fleet, in the Expedition’ under, the Command.of / Lord Cathcart, for the Year V741.

And he also presented to the House,tpurfuant to their Address to Iris Majesty, an Account of Services incurred, Anno 1740, not provided for by Parliament.

And the Title of the said Edimates and Accounts were read.

The said Estimates and'Accounts are as follow j viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Staff Officers appointed by this Majesty to attend the.Hospital eft^bjifliedl - ' for the Service of the Expedition under the Command-of thpRighthonoacable Lord Cathcart, for thp Year 1741.

" Alii 1 mi 1 >1 a ,'u ..... —

Per Diem, - For 365 Days.

A ' ' One Director, for himself and his Clerk One Mader Surgeon - ... -Four Mates, at yjr. per Diem each - -Three Apothecaries, at 5s. per Diem each 1 »* i m w £: s‘ 5 — — 15 — £ 4$5. & — iSi 10 — , . 365 — — »73 15 r"

Total - - - - . c 3 10 1,277 TO —

War Office, 3d February, 1740-1,

mil.

>1 ..... i,

ESTIMATE of the Charge of a Regiment of Foot raised in America, for his Majesty’s Service there, confiding of Thirty-Six Companies, for the Service of the Year 1741, commencing the 25th Day of December 1740 inclusive.

Field and Staff Officers -

One Company, confiding of One Captain, Two Lieutenants, One Ensign, Four Serjeants, Four Corporals, Two Drummers, and 90 effective private Men - -

Thirty-one Companies more, of the like Numbers, and at the same Rates, as the Company above mentioned -One Company of Grenadiers, confiding of One Captain, Three Lieutenants, Four Serjeants, Four Corporals, Two Drummers, and 90 effective private Men -

Three Companies of Grenadiers more, of the like Numbers, rind at the same Rates as the Company above mentioned -

Total for this Regiment -

Numbers. Pay of the Regiment for 365 Days. 1 TOTAL.

£. s. d. £. s: d<

19 3,662 3 —

104 ~ m 1,396 2 6 -

3.2*4 + m 43,279 17 6

104 flp 1,414 7 6 0

312 - 4,243 2 6 53.995 13 4

it

War Office, 3d February, 1740-1.

Will.

ESTIMATE

Expedition under Lord Cathcart,

Services not provided for*

14 Geo. II. ' 30 Februarii. - 627

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, appointed by' his Majesty to go with his Forces oil board the Fleet, in the Expedition under the Command of the Right honourable Lord for the

Yeur 1741.

Allowance per Dion.

d.

General and Commander in Chief - - - >- - - - jo ——

Two Aids de Camp, each ios. - - - - * - - - - i — --

One Major General - -- -- 2 — ——

One Aid de Camp - 10 -

Three Brigadiers, each£.i. ior. - 410 — --

Three'Majors of Brigade, each io$. - " " r - - - 110 —

Quarter Mailer General - - - . ' - . - — 10 ——

Adjutant General - - '- - 1 — - —

Judge Advocate . - — 10 ____

Secretary to the Commander in Chief - - ’ - 10 ___

Chaplain - 6 <5

Physician General - 10 —

Surgeon General - - - — ro ---

Two Mates, each 5 s.‘ - - . - 10' ._ —

CommilTary of the Muflers - 10 ____

Commissary of the Stores. - tio -__'

Pro volt Murlhal,. and Two Men - - - — 10 __

© 26 6 8

Contingencies* upon Account£. 2,000.

Which, for 365 Days, viz. frorp 25th December 1740 to 24th December 1741, both Days inclusive (including^. d,oooo Contingencies) amounts to the Sum of - - - - .11,611. 13; 4.

Wjir Office, 3^ February 1747.

_ ( Will. Yonge.

As ACCOUNT of Services, incurred Anno 1740* not provided for by Parliament.

To

’o satisfy the Demands of the Contra61or, for furnishingand supplying the Forces in the . Minorca with Salt Beef, over.and above the Six-pence per Man per Week, flopped

the Bland of from the

Payof the Regiments there, according to the Account thereof delivered by the said Contractor To make good the like Sum paid Mr. Wni. Caulfield, for surveying and keeping in Repair the

new Roads through the Highlands of Scotland - -

To make good the like Sum paid upon 1,300Chaldrons of Coals, at the Rate of 23$. per Chaldron, being the Proportion agreed to be paid by his Majesty, on the said Coals furnished for the Use of the Garison of Gibixtltar -

To satisfy his Majesty’s Warrant, payable to the Governor, Council, and Assembly, of Antigua, for building Barracks in that Iflfind - , -

To satisfy a Bill of General Anjlruther's, Lieutenant Governor of , of

the qth of December 1

739

for Services of that Bland

To satisfy another Bill of Exchange, of the 10th April 1740

Extraordinary Expences of the Three Encampments, near Hounslow, Neivbury, and 1Windfor Forcjl: viz.

For Camp Necessaries, such as Bell Tents, Colours, Drum Cafes, Knapsacks, Powder Bags, Kettles, Grass Money, Sc. - -

To Mr. Wright, on account of Forage for the Three Camps, per Eflima-

tion about - - - . - - . - £. 7,500-----

To Mr. Coriifos, on account of Bread, for Ditto - - 2,818 3 75

£. 898 9 ioi

650 — —

Payments actually made to the Contractor for victualling the Garrison of Gibraltar, from the 4th of Febniary 1791, the Commencement of his - Contract, to the 13th of July 1740, inculive -

Payments, from the 4th of July 1740 to the 28th of following,

inclusive, being Six Months, of 28 Days Month, at the Rate of £.2,500 per Month, perEftimation, will amount to - £. 15,006 — —

Insurance for the Year 1740, perEllimation - - 1,500 — —

Incident Charges for the Year 1740, per Estimation - 100 — - —

Total of actual and estimated Payments - .-Total of the Supplies voted by Parliament, for victualing the Garison of Gibraltar, and applicable to satisfy the Demands of the present Contractor for that Service, to the 24th of December 1740 .

Remains to be provided for by Parliament -

17,048 o 9

10,318 3 7i

206,245 18 10

16,600 — —

War Office, 3d February, 1744.

Vol. 23,

Will. Yonge.

222,845 18 10

221,653 12 11 i

M m

£ S.

4,055 19 -

500 ——

«»495 —

2,000

1*548 9 10*

27,366

M9a

5 IO*

Correspon-dc.x e wilh Admiral Haddock, *c.

Tyburn to Vx bridge Koad*,

6iS

3* Februarii:

A. *740.

Ordered, That the said Ellimates anti Account do lie iipoti the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Pelham presented to tly House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty;

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Biear Admiral Haddock, February 14th 1739-40) inclosing, intelligence, (N* 1);

Intelligence, (N* 1):

Copy of a Letter from Sir Chaloner Ogle to the Duke of Newcastle, Lancajfer, in Gibraltar Bay, March 4th 1739-40; received 29th:

Copy of a letter from Sir Chaloner Ogle to the Duke of Newcastle, iMncasler, in Gibraltar Bay, March 7th 1739-40; received 29th:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Rear Admiral Haddock, April 4th 1740; inclosing,

1 Copy of Advices from Spain:

Copy of a letter from Rear Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Netccastle, as far as it relates to the Duke of

Newcastle's Letter, dated February 14th 1739-40, and the Execution of the Orders contained therein,

Mahon Harbour, March 24th 1739-40; received April ioth:

Copy of a Letter from Rear Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Netccastle, Somerset, Mahon Harbour, April 1 oth 1740; received May 8th:

Copy of a Letter from Rear Admiral Haddotk to the Duke of Netccastle, as far as it relates to the Duke of Newcqffle's Letter, dated April 4th 1740,. and the Execution of the Orders contained therein, Ma-

hon Harbour, April 21st 1740; received May 8th; inclosing.

Copy of Rear Admiral Haddock's Orders to Sir Chaloner Ogle, January 21, 1739;

Copy of Rear Admiral Haddock's Orders to Sir Chaloner Ogle, April 14th 1740;

Copy of Rear Admiral Haddock's Orders to Sir Chaloner Ogle, April 15th 1740:

Disposition of his Majesty *s Ships under the Command of Rear Admiral Haddock, in and about the Mediterranean, April 20th, 1740:

Copy of a Letter from Sir Chaloner Ogle to the Duke of Newcastle, RuJ’el, at Helens, 24th

17401

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And he also presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty;

Copy of the Memorial of the Levant Company to the Duke of Newcastle, June 28th, 1739:

Copy of a Memorial of the Levant Company to the Duke of Newcastle, September 9th 1740:

Copy of the Report of the Board of Trade, on the Two Memorials of the Levant Company, of June 28 1739, and September 9th 1740, dated October g, 1740: Copy of a Memorial of the Levant Company to t he Duke of Newcastle, January 13,1739-40:

Together with a List of the said Copies.

And the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are bound up with the other Papers of thisSeftion.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and given by Two Acts of Parliament, one of the First and the other of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlefr; and for amending the Road leading from

Brent Bridge, over Hanwell Heath, through the Parishes

of Hanwell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the great Western Road, in the said County; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hugh Smiihfon, Mr ..Pulteney, Mr. Mr. Gore, Sir Miles

itapylton, Sir James Grant, Alderman frerty, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Cholmley Turner, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Bajffett, Mr. Kynafon, Sir Wm.

Courtenay fiord Barrymore, Lord Barrington, Mr. Affleck, Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. EdecumBe, Mr. Marfel, Lord S. Beauclerk, Sir Thomas Mr. Scawen, Sir

Robert Rich, Lord Gage, Mr. Compton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Thomas Lyttelton, Sir John Dr*

Lee,f/Lr. Medlycott, Mr. Howe, Mr. , Mr. Archer, Sir John Rushout , Mr. Clutter buMr. Bowles, Lord Fere Beauclerk, Mr. Jewkes, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Ijmgue-

tfille, Mr. Lindefay, Mr. More, Mr. Hucks; and alt the Members who fervefor the Countiesof r, Bucks,

Berks, and Oxon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Terttis and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, otie of the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen for repairing the

Highways leading from Sev to and

Tunbridge Wells, in the county of ; and the other

of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term granted by the said Act, and for explaining and making the fitttie more eifedual, and for amending the Highways leading from Woodsgate to Kipping's Cross, and for repairing the Roads from thence to Lambcrhurjt Pound and Pullen's Hill in the said County, and to Flimwell Vent in the County of Sussex; was read it Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pelham, Lord Pahnef/ton, Lord John Ml1. Monson, Mr. Jewkes, Colonel Pelham, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Henr. Liddell, Sir Wm. Corbett, Mr. Hales, Mr. Mr. Sel-

wyn. Lord Gage, Mr. Younge, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Gle-norchy, Mr. Carcw, Mr. Hooper, Sir M. Stapyllon, Mr. White, Mr, Bromley, Mr. Moore, Sir John Heathcole, Mr. Hucks, Sir Roger Burgoyne, Colonel Ducket, Mr.

heard. Colonel Onslow, Mr. Briffow, Mr. Watts, Mr. Shuttleworth; and aH the Members who serve for the Counties of Sitffex and Surry, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Thompjbit of York presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road leading from Ealand to the Town of Leedsr in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for lidenfing the Importation of Victual from Ireland, and other Parts beyond the Seas, into Scotland, iu time Of Dearth and Scarcity, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

0

Mr. Carew presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prevent Inconveniencies arising by Delays of Causes after Issue joined: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read fe Second time.

Mr. Glanville reported from the Committee to whom the Petition offeveral Landholders, Maltsters, and Brewers, in the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, and Kent, whose Name$are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many otherscofncerned in the Growth of Corn, and the Manufacture and Cfeof Malt, was referred. That the Gommittee had examined the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report aState thereof to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the 11 Clerk's

SevMomks

Roads,

Ealand to Leeds Road.

Importing Vidua] from Ireland to Scotland.

Delays of Causes after Woes joined.

Corn used iti» DilVillation.

14 Geo. II:


3

Februaru.

I , t -

Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as fob lows; viz.

By ai\ Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King William and Qtieen Mary, for the encouraging the Diddling of Brandy and Spirits from Corn (which recites, That, by an Act, made in the Parliament held in the Fii'lt Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, all Brandies, Vila:, and Spirits, were prohibited to jbe imported into this Kingdom, and that good and wholeibme Brandies, Aqua and Spirits, might be made and drawn from malted Corn, it appeared. That, ibr the Encouragement of the making of Brandies, llrong Waters, and Spirits, from malted Corn, and for the greater Consumption of Corn, and the Advantage of Tillage in this Kingdom, a Duty of One Penny only ivas imposed on every Gallon of low Wines of the First Eitraction, drawn and made from Drink brewed and made of kny Sort of malted Corn; and the several Duties of Eight Pehbe, Twelve Pence, and Three Pence, were imposed upon every Gallon of such low Wines made or drawn from the several other Materials therein mentioned; and that several Provisions were made, for obliging all Distillers to draw their low Wines, or Spirits of the First Extraction, from clean and wholesome Drink, made of malted Corn entirely, Without any Mixture of any Meddles, Waflt, or 'l ilts, or other Materials whatsoever; and for the further Encouragement of Distillers, and others, to draw and make Spirits or Brandies from malted Corn, and expott the fame, a Drawback upon Exportation was allowed, of ThreePence for every Gallon of Brandy or Spirits made and drawn from Drink brewed from malted Corn, without an}' Mixture with any other Materials; which said Act continued in force till the 25th Day of December 169.5.

By another Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Year of the Reign of King William, the said several Duties, and the said Provisions, with the Allowance of the said Drawback, were continued until the 23th Day of March mm.

By another Act, made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, several liew Duties on low Wines, or Spirits cif the First Extraction, were imposed; which were to have Continuance Until the 25th Day of March 1706: And by this Act the like Drawback was allowed upon Exportation of Spirits or Brandy made from malted Corn only', us was allowed by the former Acts.

By an Act, made in the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne,the Duties imposed by the last mentioned Act, and the several Powers, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clinics, Matters, and Things, thereby provided, settled, and cllablithed, for the better railing, levying, recovering, or paying the Duties thereby imposed, or for making any Drawbacks, Repayment, or Allowances, upon Exportation, were farther continued until the 24th Day of June 1710; and from thence were further continued by another Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne; and have since been made perpetual by another Act, made in the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign.

By an Act, made in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the better Encouragement of Spirits drawn from Corn i n0GreatBritain, a Drawback upon Exportation is allowed of £.4. i8r. o for every Tun of such Spirits; and for every Tun of Spirits draw’n from Barley, Malt, or other Corn, the Bounty of /.i. tos. o d.is also directed to be paid to the Exporter of the fame, when Barley is Twenty-four Shillings per Quarter, or under.

Upon Enquiry, it did not appear to vonr Committee, That any Prosecution had been commenced, in order to oblige Distillers not to life unmalted Corn.

Mr. Joshua Bewley,being examined, said, That Distil-

lers ule unmulled Corn with malted Corn, and oftentimes Wheat and Barley mixed: That lie Imd seen it ground, and thrown into the Math Tun; but cannot say they ever use Corn intirdy without a Mixture of Malt.

Vou 23.

Mri Stephen South, Brewerj being examined, said, That, in July 1739, lie went to a Diliiller’s near -ford, and that at One Malli Tun lie saw them work unmalted Corn with C.orn malted; which they mixed in the Proportion of Four Parts unmalted to One malted: That then lie went to Two Mills, which ground Corn for Distillers; and at One he saw Three hundred Quarters of Barley, and likewise several Sacks of ground Corn j both Wheat and Barley unmaltedj and at the other he saw divers Quantities of Barley- as good as any ever made use of for Malt.

Mr. William Oram and Mr. Ralph Porter, Mallfters, being severally examined, said. That Seventy-five Quarters of Barley weigh as mueh as an Hundred Quarters of Malt; and that an Hundred Quarters of Barley will produce an Hundred and Five Quarters of Malt: And the Jaft-mentioned Witness added. That Six Bushels of Barley are generally equal in Weight to One Quarter of Malt; though lie has had Barley which has not weighed, so much as the like Quantity of some Malt.

Mr. SayerNeal, Distiller, being examined, said, That he followed that Business Twenty Years, and has gone through the several Branches thereof: That Distillers ule a great Deal of Corn, as good as any sold at Bear -That sometimes they use-the middling, but cannot make use of the word Sort of Barley; especially if it be not found: That having mixed Ten Quarters of Malt with the like Quantity of Meal (Tw o Quarters w hereof were Wheat, and the rest Barley), they produced Three hundred and Sixty Gallons of Spirits; and that the Spirits produced from Eight Quarters of Malt mixed with Twelve Quarters of Meal (Two Quarters whereof are Wheat, and the Remainder Barley) run a greater Lengt li by Two Gallons upon each additional Quarter of Meal, tiian they would do if drawn from Malt onl y:

That Twenty Quarters of raw Corn (Three Quarters whereof are Wheat Meal, and the other Seventeen Barley) mixed with Five Quarters of Malt, will produce Font-hundred and Eighty-five Gallons of proof Spirits:

That. Coni distilled, whereof Three Parts is Meal and One Malt, will produce Two Gallons of Spirit on each Qilarter more than Corn distilled, whereof Three Parts is Malt, and One Meal; and that more Wort is drawn from it iu proportion as the Quantity of Meal is larger.

That if Distillers were obliged to use malted Coni in -tirely the Consumption of Corn would increase in the Proportion of betweenTweuty and Thirty' Quarters in every Hundred:

That Malt may be made of the word Sort of Bariev, provided it be found; and, when it comes to the K.ihi it is mnch cleaner than if unmalted, and will produce *£ cleaner Spirit, though not run so great a Quantity.

Being allied, What Price lie would give for Bariev, of which Malt sold at 2os. per Quarter is made? He* an fwered, About 15J. 6d. or 1 6s.

And one Mr. Porter, a Maltster, being asked the Question, said, That the Charge of Malting isTwo Shillings per Quarter.

The Examinant Neal further said, That he never knew intire Meal brewed without Malt; becanfe, if* there was no Malt to save the Com, it would be iin-possible to malli it, it being of a gluey Substance.

Being examined, as to the Difference in the Quality of Spirits drawn from Corn, and of those drawn from Malt, he said. That the Spirit extracted from raw Corn is stronger, and more foul, than that produced from malted. Corn: That it has not so clean a Flavour, and wants more cleansing by Fire: That the latter is better for the Consumer, and would be more for the Benefit of the Com-poundersin general, though they were to give more for it: as it would find a Market abroad, and credit the Exporter: That the best Corn will produce the be it Spirits; mut That the Spirits extracted from Corn ami Malt, mixed in equal Proportions, are clearer; but do not run so great a Length as when there is a greater Proportion of unmalted Corn.

Being alked. What Advance it would eause in the Price of Spirits, if they' were to be distilled from malted

7 X Ciorn

ip

filiation?

3® Februarii. A.\ 740.

C*m «fed in Corn intirely ? lie said, About Three Pence or Four t)iAiilatioa. Pence a Gallon; but that the Goodnc-fs of the Spirit would amply make Amends for that Difference in the Price.

Being a Iked, Whether drying the Malt was not detrimental to the Spirit ? He said, He believed no otherwise than in leffeninglhe Quantity.

Mr. William Harvest, Brewer, being examined, said. That he was brought up in the Bufinefe of Diddling; and that Spirits drawn from malted Com are much more wholesome than those diddled from Corn unmalted, in-as much as the Fermentation of the latter cannot be so clean as that of the former; because Malt works much kinder in the Backs, and because less Yead is used in fermenting the Wort produced from unmalted than malted Com.

With regard to the Difference, in the Duty paid by the Brewer for a Hundred Quarters of Malt, and the Pidiller, for the like Quantity of Malt and Corn

mixed;

Mr South,being again examined, said. That Brewers usually draw Two Barrels and One-fourth, and sometimes Two Barrels and a Half, from a Quarter of Malt:

That the Duty upon a Hundred Quar- £. s. ters of Malt amounts to ——

Which Quantity of Malt producing 125 Barrels of Beer, the Duty thereupon amounts to - - - -5° 37

To which there are used Six hundred Weight of Hops; the Duty whereof amounts to- - - - - 2 16 —

In all - 72 19 7

Then Mr. Hugh Anderson, Surveyor of the Excise, being examined, said, That the Quantity of Spirits drawn from a Hundred Quarters of [malted] Corn is about Eight Tun; the Duty whereof amounts to - 39 4 —

That, supposing the Malt used in that Quantity to be Thirty Quarters to Seventy Quarters of Corn (of which the Examinant has had Information, but cannot speak of his own Knowledge), the Duty on that Quantity of Malt amounts to - - 6-----

In all - 45 4 — So that the Difference is - 26 15 7

With regard to the Number of Hogs fed by the Distillers, and the Manner of their being fed;

The said Mr, Neal, being examined, said. That he has had Six or Seven hundred Hogs at one time; which he fed with the Grains and Wadi from the Still; That they are, by that means, fed much cheaper than the Farmers are able to feed them; and they will gain in Value by their Feeding i. c. 6d. per Week; but that he does not think the Carcasses of such Hogs so proper for Salting, as those fed by the Farmers:

ThatDillillers could not fat Hogs, if they were obliged to use malted Corn only; and that the Fatting of them by Farmers inuft necessarily consume a greater Quantity of Corn, as well as add much to the Gooduefs of the Hogs:

That Hogs fed with Pollard are better than those fed by the Distillers.

Mr. Harveftlikewife said. That the Distillers usually

keep the Hogs, which they feed. Four Months: That, since they have diddled raw Corn, they have kept a much greater Number than formerly; and that the Fat-ness of their Hogs is owing to their using unmalted Corn.

The Examinant further said, That, when he followed the Business of Diddling, he took some Hogs he then kept, and fed them with Peas and Beans for about a Month, in the Quantity of about &£ufhel a Week to a Hog,of about Five-and-twentyor Six-and-twenty Stone;

Orig. Malt and Corn.

and when they were killed, and the Bacon came to lie boiled, it waded greatly in the Boiling:

That the Pork of Hogs fed- with Peas and Beans is better than that fed with Distillers Walh; and that lie would sooner give Two Shillings and Sixpence a Stono for Hogs fed in the Country, than One and Six Pence for such as were fed by Distillers.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to consider of the said Report.

A Bill to impower Joseph Porter, James Bourdieu, Porter’s, kc. and Abraham Definarette, to import a certain Quantity I®port of of raw Silk, of the Growth of Spain, from Leghorn, was if>ani lUc read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -nington, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Alderman Willi most.

Sir John Barnard, Mr. Sandys, Mr. HanSury Williams,

Mr. Steph.Fox, Mr. Ilenr. Fox, Lord , Mr.

Lechmere, Mr. Bromley, Colonel Mordaunt, Lord Barrington, Mr. Carerv, Mr. Packer, Mr. Colonel

Selioyn, Mr. Keene, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Tower, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Vere, Mr. Earle, Mr. Sir John

Turner, Mr. Dummer, Mr. Edward Walpole, Mr. ham. Sir James Grant, Mr. Longuevitle, Mr. Vyner, Mr.

Lockwood, Mr. Alderman lleathcote, Sir John Lifer Kai/e, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Nathanael Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Mr Howe, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr Mr.

Lindejay, Mr. Cholmley Turner, Sir Charles Vernon, Mr.

Brown, Mr. Tucker, Sir Henry Gough, Colonel Bladen,

Sir Robert Clifton, Mr. WorJ ley, Sir Wentworth,

Mr. Bay n ton Roll, Colonel Hmoard, Mr.

Colonel Duckett, Sir Wm. Milner, Mr. Mr.

Furnefe, Mr. Woollafion; «and all the Merchants in the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Advices of That an humble Address l»e presented to his Majesty, Ffrrol Squa* That he will be graeioully pleased to give Directions, Jron* &e* That this House may be informed, when his Majesty, or the Lords Justiccs, first received certain Advices of the Ferrol Squadron being failed from that Port, and of the Brefi and Toulon Squadrons being failed from the West Indies;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Supply of posed, That an humble Address be presented to his Ma* Ships to jesty. That he will be graeioully pleased to give DireC-tious. That there may be laid before this House, Copies " 0 ' or Extracts of all Letters which have been received from, or written to, Vice Admiral Vernon, since his going to the West Indies, by either of the principal Secretaries of

State, so far as the same relate to a Supply of Ships, or Land Forces;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting, after the Word " Ships," and before the Words " or Land Forces," the Word " Marines."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. 0

Then the Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graeioully pleased to give Directions, That there may be laid before this House, Copies or Extracts of all letters which have been received from, or written to Vice Admiral Vernon, since his going to the West Indies,by either of the principal Secretaries of State, so far as the same relate to a Supply of Ships,

Marines, or Land Forces.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Trade witfc Majesty, That h^ will he graeioully pleased to give Pvrfia Directions, That there may be laid before this House,

Copies or Extracts of all Letters, and other Papers, from

MK

W

*4 Geo. II. 30 — -50 Febri6% t

'Kir. Finch, his Majesty’s Minirter at the.Court of Raffia, to either of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, Or to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, so far as the same relate to the Opening of a Trade to and from Persia through Ruffin.

Ordered, That the said Addredes he presented to his Majesty, by fueli Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most hoaourable Privy Couniel.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker*

fear! of The Lords have paflTed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Veiling the Seat and Estates of Nicolas late Earl of le‘ Scarsdale, deceased, in the several Counties of Derby

and Nottingham, comprised in his Settlement and Will, and the Furniture there at his Death, in Trustees, to be sold, for speedier Payment of his Debts, and preserving the Surplus, to go according to his said Settlement and Will; To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

Wrilim’s The Lords have palfcd a Bill, intituled, An Act for Lftate. vesting the settled Eftare of Thomas Esquire, in

the County of Buckingham, in him, and his Heirs; and for settling another Estate, in the County of Cambridge, of greater Value, to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; and also for rendering a Power of Revocation, contained in that Settlement, more effectual, for the Purposes thereby intended: To which the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Recovery ef Mr. Henry Fox, according to Order, reported from the final) Delaa. Committee of the whole I louse, to whom the Bill for the more easy Recovery' of small Debts, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment Fol. 2. Ll 5, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment, Fol. 2. L. 9, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed to by the House.

Then several other Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment Fol. 8. L. 15,16, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment, Fol. 8. L. 15, 16, relating to Ihe

Appointment of the Clerks of the Civil Bills in Londont being read a Second time;

And the House being informed, That the Two Secondaries of the Compters in the City of London, and a Deputy of One of the Filazers of the Court of Common Pleas, and also an Officer belonging to the Clerk of the Pleas in the Court of Exchequer, attended at the.Door;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Two Secondaries of the Compters in the City of London, and the Deputy of One of the Filazers of the Court of Common Pleas, and the Officer belonging to the Clerk of the Pleas in the Court of Exchequer, . be now called in;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,-5 Mr* r* /

I Mr. Robert

Tellers for the Noes

-\l

| 106.

s

140.

Mr. Bramston,

M r.:

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the further Confulcration of the said Report be adjourned till Thur next, Twelve of the Clock.

Vol. 25,

A Petition of Thomas JtJllidms,a Chairman* now t?r'»v\w<*--under Confinement in the Prison of tin.* Onteho»Je, \Vas Pv-t 'ui,'] r»itt presented to the House, and read; letting forth, Tlmt. u tV.tVm *u the Petitioner has incurred the Cento re of the House, lor v'ul"*d>. bringing an Action at Law ugainst John for tvliat

he did in the Execution of’ his Duty, as a Conliable attending the Service of the House; and that the Petitioner is thoroughly fenftble of the Greatness cf his Often c-t-. and therefore, os his present Confinement renders h i in incapable of providing for his Family* who are in a tie- ceflitousCondition, praying, That the House will, upon his sincere Repentance fol* Ids pad Crime, and Prom*fe of the ntoft decent Behaviour for thefhture, order him to be discharged from his Confinement.

Ordered, That the said ’J'homas brought

to the Bar of this House on Thursday Morning next 4 i»4 Order to his being discharged: And that Mi*. Speaker do HTue his Warrants accordingly.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Call of the HoUle;

A Motion Was made, and the Question beiivg* jmT, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till ThursdaySevennigiH;

The House divided.

The Yeas Went forth.

Tellers lot the Ycad Jjr* I

V Mr. Grenville:\

-rrr v f Mr. 11 anbury

tellers for the Nocsg /’ ’

I Mr. Breretoh 3

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question hr-inrg pht.

That the Call of the House be further adjourned till t hrs

Day Right Yv’eeks;

The House divided.:

The Yeas went forth.;

84.

f°7.

Tellers for the Yeas, \: J *08.

Tellers for the Noes, j *».

So it was resolved in thb Affirmative. ' "

C-ilt of tta» Huufe.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Trade with Reading of the Bill for opening a Trade to and lYoin *’erl", Persia through Raffia. gutTisT

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevenniglit. ’

The other Order of the Dnv being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursiieti/ A Tovn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole s ,tlP’ House, upon the Bill to render the I/uvs more* cfift'Ctti<tl for preventing the Stealing and Destroying of Siiee p, find other Cattle.

And then the House adjourned till Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 50 dieFebrua

Anno 140 Georgii IIdl Regis, 174.0.

Prayer s.

CfUOMAS Williams was, according to Order, brought Prfriletre — -to the Bar: Where he, upon his Knees, received a A Peribn Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees, chared.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of

for veiling the Seat and Estates of Nico (it: bite Earl of ScariiM*'*

ScarJ’dale, deceased, in the several Counties ot’ Derby and £i«ate.

Nottingham, comprised in his Settlement and Will, and the Furniture there at his Death, iuTmftees, to be sold,

for speedier Payment of his Debts, and preserving t

Surplus, to go according to his laid Settlement and

Will; was read the First time.

R<fotved,

631 S6 Februarii. . 1740.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Momyrailed The Iloufc being informed, that Mr. frotn

the Exchequer, attended at the Door; u '* He was called in; and, at the liar, presented to the llonfc, pursuant to their Order, An Account, Ihewing how much of the Sum of One Million, raised upon the Credit of the Duties on Salt, grunted for the Service of the Year 1734, hath been discharged.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, iu Parliament alTetnbled,

An Account, shewing how much of the Sum of One Million, raised upon the Credit of the Duties on Salt, granted for the Service of the Year 1734^ hath been discharged:

These are-to certify, That there has been paid off and discharged of the said Duty on Salt, on the 3d Day of s'ebruary 1740, the Sum of Nine hundred Thirty-three thousand Five hundred Pounds.

Exchequer, the 5th Day of February 1740.

John Daufan.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

JSirnerd’* The Lord Cage reported from the Committee, to Km* . whom, the iugrofied Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Ernejl Barnerd, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill iuat the Cleric’s Table.

r

Debtors ' A "Petition of the Prisoners in his Majesty’s Prison for Petition, the (bounty of A '01 folk,911 bp hplf of themfel ves, and many ThouXandsconfiued for Debt in the several 'Gaols in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Cog?*,&c» Air. Compton presented to the House, according to Mate. Order, a Bill for appointing new Commissioners and Trustees for putting into Execution an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne,intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate and Effects of John Coggs and John Dann, Goldsmiths and Copartners, in Trustees, for the speedier Payment of their Creditors, and for determining Differences thereupon; and for making the said Act more effectual: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Dr. Clarke Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to thanked, the Reverend Doctor Reuben Clarke, for the Sermon by him preached before this House Yellerday, at St. Margaret's, Westminster; and that he be defiled to print the fame: And that Mr. Francis Fane and Mr. , do acquaint him therewith.

Offices and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Employments. indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose: And that Mr. Sc rope, Mr. Hay, and Colonel Onjloxv, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Discorery of Baltimore presented to the House, according

ibcLongi- to'Order, a Bill to explain so much of an Act, passed in tvd«, the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne,intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall difeover the j^nigitude at Sea, as relates to the making of Experiments of Pro-pofals for discovering the Longitude at Sea: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Notice being taken of a Mistake in the Account of Expedition t the Expence of Victualing his Majesty’s Land Forces, ’

sent on the Expedition to America, which was presented iIil(Jva»vM. to the House upon the 20th Day of lall;

Ordered, That the said Account be withdrawn, in order to the presenting a perfect Aceolint.

Sir Miles Sfapyltonpresented to 1 lie Hoitfe,aceordmgto Dnnoartcr to

Order, a Bill for repairing the Road from Salu-rtiM-«okc

through the Parish of Penijton, in the County of York, to

Saltcrfbrooke,in the County Of Chester; and also lor repairing the Road from Rotheram, in the said Colrnty of

Yorke,to llartcliffe Hill,in the said Parish of

And the same was received; anti, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Miles Sfapyltonalfo presented to the Hottfe, ac- WuhefieWt«‘

cording to Order, a Bill lor repairing’the Road from Pontefract, Wakefield to Pontefract, and from thence to aPlacecalk-d &e-

IVcel and, in the Townlliip of He >Jail, and from Pontefract to Went bridge, in the Townlliip of Barrington, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read aSecond time.

Sir John ltamfdenpresented to th(/House, according WakefielJ t« to Order, a Bill for repairing the Roads from- a Place Halifax called Red house, near Boncq/ter,to Wakefield, and through the said Town of Wakefield, by Bewfbttry, toicv, and IJghteiiffe,to the Town of Halifax, in the

West Riding of the County of York-: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That llie Bill be read nSecond time.

A Bill for uniting the Undertakers fo£ recovering itrid preserving the Navigation of the River Bee, il) >|the Navigation. County Palatine of Chester, into a Company, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brere/on,

Sir Thomas Aloflyn, Mr. Fan e, Mr. Core, Mr.fxmguevihle,

Mr. Meillycott, Mr. Owen, Mr. HLqrd Baltimore, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Cuniewall, General Handafydc, Sir II. SmithJon, Mr. Mr. Biffe, Mr.

Hoice, Sir. Fox, Lois I Cage, Sir Char I Yager, Sir

Norlheote, Mr. Whi/icor/l/, Mr. More, Mr. Katie, Sir Robert Corbett, Colonel Burkett, Mr. Mr.

Jjeehmere, Sir IY. W. Wynne, Mr. Proufe, Mr. lon, Lord Cuenfex), Mr. Cholmon/ieLcy, Mr. Lifer, Mr.

Scaicen, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Wiglet/, Sir. Boone, Mr, Pi ft,

Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Ccjdr, Mr. BlogrSir A hr. Sir Robert Williams, Sir Edmund IjhaLord Barrington,

Mi". Shultlcu'orth, Mr. Smith, Mr. Chester, Mr.

Mr. Car era; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester, Lancq/ler, Salop, and North Wales:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Henry Bathurjt presented to the House, accord- Cirmccfiec ingto Order, a Bill lor enlarging the Term and Powers fiwul*. granted by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the lleigii of his late Majesty Kin the First,x

intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from CirencesterTown’s End to St.John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Alderman Perry reported from the Committee, to St. TV>tlph whom the Petition of Thomas Harvey, John John without Watts, and Jo/htta llarle, Churchwardens, and all'o the

Autients, and other the Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Botolphwithout Aldgate, in the City of and

County of Midd/ejex,whose Names are thereunto sub-

feribed, was referred, That the Committee bad examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to 6 tepori

i4 Gfio. II*

k° Februarii.

&33

Chatteris Ferry Hoad.

report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the Hoofe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition.

Mr. Benjamin Glamnlle, Surveyor, being examined, said, That he had viewed the Parish Church of St.

Botolph, without Aldgate;which, by Length of Time, is become so decayed, that Part of it is in great danger of falling down, and the other Part is in ib ruinous a Condition that it is not fife for the Inhabitants to attend the Worth ip of God therein.

Mr. Jeremiah Bentham, being examined, said, That several considerable Sums of Money have from time to time been laid out, in repairing and supporting of the said Church; notwithstanding which, the same is in a very ruinous and dangerous Condition.

The Reverend Mr. Thomas Clerk, being

examined, said, That he is Impropriator of the said Parish Church, and hath a large Concern in the said Parish; and that he, not being altogether satisfied of the Necrfliry of pulling down and rebuilding the said Church, had the famesurveyed, by his own Surveyor, and, upon his Report, is now of Opinion, That the same is in so ruinous a Condition that it is not fate for the Inhabitants of the said Parish to attend Divine Service therein; and is convinced, that it is highly necessary the same should be pulled down and rebuilt.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of without Aldgate, in the City of and County of

Middlesex, to rebuild the Church and Steeple of the said Paridi: And that Mr. Alderman Sir John

Laniard, the Lord Mayor of London, and Mr. Alderman Willimott, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Clarke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Firli Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading tiom Chatteris Terry (which divides the Isle of Ely from the County of Huntingdon) to Hammond's Eau, and from thence to Bridge, at

sham Town’s End, in the same County: And the same was received, and read the Firli time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Robert Long presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Firli, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from ilorfely Upright , leading down Bowden Hill, in the County of H ilts, to the Top of Hill,

in the Parish of Box, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the Fulltime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Portsmouth The Lord Gage presented to the House, according Waterworks. Order, a Bill to enable Esquire, Lord

of the Manor of Turlingtonin the County of Southampton, to supply the Town of tf and Parts

adjacent, with good and wholefonie Water, at his own proper Cost and Charges: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Privilege-- A Petition of John Lewis, an Attorney, was presented

Petition from to the House, and read; con felling, That he did justly Custody!m *nc"r ^ie Hifpleafure of the House, for proceeding against/o/i/i Crispe, a Constable in waiting, at the Prosecution of Thomas Williams, a Chairman, for which he was, on Thursdaylaft, committed into the Custody

of the Serjeant at Arms; and expressing his Sorrow for that Offence; and alluring the House, That his said Offence commenced thiough Ignorance and Inadvertency; and solemnly promiling, That he will take all possible Care never to offend for the future: And Vol. 23.

JTorflcy L pright Gale, &c. Hoad.

therefore praying the House to take his same into Consideration, and that he may he discharged from his Confinement.

Ordered, That the said John Lewis be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged out of Custody.

A Petition of Peregrine Fury, Agent to his Majesty’s Sufferers t>y

Provinces of South Carolina, in the behalf of the cl if- Fire at tressed Inhabitants of Charles Town,in the said I^ro- Charles^ vince, being offered to be presented to the House; CaroUo jl"

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the fa.itI Petition, recommends it to the House, to do therein, what the House shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up; and react; setting forth. That, on the 18th Day of Novent ber last a most dreadful Fire broke out in Charles Tozon - and, in less than Four Hours, notwithstanding all pofYible Endeavours to extinguish it, utterly confuinecf the bell and most valuable Part of the said Tow lx 5 and has left many unhappy Families, who, by an honed Industry, for many Years pali, had acquired a comfortable Subsistence in the World, exposed to the feverelt Want and Misery: That the Misfortunes of the unhappy Sufferers have been rendered the more gtievous, iualinuch as in that Part of the Town which is de* stroyed, flood the largest and moll useful Bu i Icl i ngs, and the much greater Part of the Shops, Stores, and Warehouses, which contained the Goods and Nler* chandize that supplied the whole Province, and which, by this fatal Disaster, were wholly ccufumed: 'That the Province, at a very considerable Expence, had lately finished the Fortifications in the Front of Charles T'oxcn, and had mounted the Guns with which they had been supplied out of his Majesty’s Stores of Ordnance but that, in this dreadful Calamity, the Carriages of the Guns on the Curtain Line, and 1‘onie of the Da(tions which defended the Harbour were allb destroyed, the Guns dismounted, and the Place where they were planted left intirely defenceless: That a diligent Enquiry has been made into the immediate Lcffessustained; and that, by the Account already taken, according1 to the nearest Efiimate that can be made, they cannot amount to lei’s than Two hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds Sterling; but that the unhappy Consequences which may attend the whole Province by so con side-rable a Misfortune, in a Place which was the general Repolitory of all the Goods and Merchandize, and Stores for War and Defence, and in which the Trade and Business of the whole Colony is tranl’acted, Time only can discover: That tins most severe and terrible Calamity has lucceeded thegi eat Expence the Province sustained in providing for the publick Defence, in the Year 1737, against the impending Danger of an lnva-fion from the Spaniards; which was ibon followed by the Small-pox, that raged in Charles Town during the whole Year 1731, and (wept oft a great Number of the Inhabitants; and by the Lois of many more by a malignant Fever in the Autumu of the Year 1739 I and after the great Charge, and Increase of heavy Taxes; occasioned by the unl'uccelsful Attempt which this Province engaged in against St.AuguJline: That after such acontinued Series of Misfortunes to a Province, which has been, and may be rendered, ofl'ome L’feto Britain, but which had not fully recovered, when tlveir late Calamities began, from the unhappy Efle6ts of* a bloody Indian War, in the Year 1715, the Inhabitants of this Province are incapable, at tl.eir own Expence, to defend and secure their expoled Frontier against the Attacks or Invafton of the common Enemy in t lie present War, or to give any effectual Relief to the diltrelied Sufferers in Charles or even to

support

themselves under so many Difficulties, without the Aid and Assistance of Parliament: And therefore Pra3^>nl3 the lloul'e to take the unhappy and dangero*s cumstances of this Province in general, and par tie til ally the same of the unhappy Sufferers the Inhabitants of

? v Charles

V

5° — 6° Februarii. A. '1740.

Charles Town, into their feiious Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall feeni proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Barbadoes Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this F*«ir and House, an Account of the Produce of the Four and

Half per Half per Cent.Duly that has arisen from his Majesty's

eot. uty. co|0njes of Baibadoes and the Leeward Islands, since his Majesty’s Accession to the Throne; with the Application thereof.

Duty on Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Rice. House, an Account of the net Produce of the Duty upon Rice, since his Majesty *s Accession to the Throne.

Quit Rents Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to (0^ *J?e his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to aromas give Directions, That there may be laid before this House, an Account of the Quit Rents, with the Produce thereof, arising from his Majesty’s Provinces of Xortk and South Carolina, in America, which have been payable to his Majesty since the passing of an Act, made in the Second Year of his Reign, intituled, An Act for el'tublilhrng an Agreement with Seven of the Lords Proprietors of , for the Surrender

of their Title and Interest in that Province to his Majesty; together with the Application of such Produce.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thurston and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

Rice’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to

Name, enable John Rice, and his Heirs, to take and use the

Surname of Tutt,pursuant to the Will of John Tutt Gentleman, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The laid Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Governors of Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to American his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to Colonies, give Directions, That there may be laid before this House, who are the Governors of his Majesty’s Governments in America-, with an Account of the Salaries and Appointments belonging to them respectively; and also of what vacant Governments are there: with the Salaries and Appointments thereunto respectively belonging.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Increase of Ordered, That the Bill for the Encouragement and Seamen. Increase of Seamen; and for the better and speedier

manning his Majesty’s Fleet, be read a Second time Tomorrow Seven night.

Seizures of Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this 00 ’ House, an Account of the several Quantities of Wool, that have been seized by any Officer of the Excise or Customs, within this Kingdom, for Seven Years past; distinguishing each Year.

Recovery of The House, according to Order, resumed thead-small Debts, journed Consideration «f the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more easy Recovery of ftnall Debts was committed.

And the House being informed, that the Two ’ Secondaries of the Compters in London, and their Clerks, and several Officers belonging to the King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Court of Exchequer, attended at the Door;

They were called in; and the said Secondaries, and the Deputy to the Chief Clerk of the Court of King’s Bench, the Filazer in the Court of Common Pleas for the City of London, and One of the Clerks in the Office of Clerk of the Pleas in the Court of Exchequer, were severally heard and examined.

And then they withdrew.

Then the Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, relating to the Appointment of the Clerks of the Civil Bills in London, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And several other of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were agreed to, and others of them disagreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Regulating resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, trials at upon the Bill for regulating Trials at Ni/i prius'; and rlus" for the more eftcftual Summoning of Special Juries;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day '

Eight Weeks, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Limiting the a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the'jioufc. limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons.

Mr Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Wutkin Williams Wynne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Watkin Williams Wynne reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Stealing of ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Sheep.. House, upon the Bill to render the Laws more eflfcc-

tual for preventing the Stealing and Destroying of Sheep, and other Cattle.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1 eneris, 6* die Februarii;

Anno 140 Georgii Iidl Regis, 1740.

P a a r f. u s.

tjtOSEPH Lewis was, according to Order, brought Privilege — J to the Bar: Where he, upon his Knees, received.® Pyrfon a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees. charged.

A Bill to prevent Inconveniencies arising by Delays Delay of of Causes after Ifiue joined, was read a Second time. Cause* after

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, Issuejoiuad.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Bramflon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for impowering Gwyn Vaughan Esquire, and his Wife, ^nd their Sons, to make Leases of the Manor of Kingston Seymonr, in the County of Somerset,

for

14 Geo. II. 6J Februarii.

for Lives, or Years determinable on Deaths, according to the Cullom of the Country: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mierop’s A Bill for naturalizing Mart Van Nat* was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lindefay, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. , Mr. Lord

Guernsey, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Mr. , Sir

Thomas Hales, Mr. Cholmley , Mr. Earle, Mr.

Lechmere, Mr. Mackworth Mr. Treby, Mr. Fane, Mr. Whitv/orth,‘l;OT& Sundon, Siv John Cro/Je, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Longueville, S\r James Grant, Sir

Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Turner, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Talbot, Mr.

Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Smelt, Mr. Mr. Ruther-

ford, Mr. Vere, Mr CteMr. Archer, Mr. Compton, Mr. Montague, Mr. C Lord Gage, Mr. Hedworth, Lord Qtiarendon, Mr. Colonel . Mr.

Owen, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Comptroller, Mr.

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Wfltem’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act F.state. for vefting thefettled F.stateof 7 Efcjtiire,

in the County of Buckinghin him and his Heirs; and for settling another Estate in the County of Cambridge, of greater Value, to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; and also for rendering a Power of Revocation contained in that Settlementmore effectual, for the Purposes thereby intended; was read thdFirfttime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.


Recovery of The House, according to Order, resumed the ad-I'mall Debts, journed Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more ealy Recovery of small Debts, was committed: And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, one by one, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for limiting the Time of Prosecution of Offences against the Bill.

And the said Clause was twice read; with a Blank; which was filled up.

' Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for appointing the Town Clerk of the City of Bristol, to the Clerk of the Civil Bills within the said City and County:

And the said Clause was once read:

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read a Second time:

Itpaffed ifi the Negative.

And several Amendments being made by the House , to the Bill;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Fol. 9. L. 3, by leaving out the Words, " such " Person and Persons," and iiiferting the Words " the " Clerks of the Affixes for the Time being, for their " respective Circuits."

And the Question being put, That the Words " such Person and Persons " Hand Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

r,. , c ., ,.T I Mr.

Tellers for the Noes, r Haay

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to Voi. 23.

It

217.

128.

the Bill, the same Fol. L. 4, by leaving out the Words " the Judges of Aflizeand N or any One of them, in their respective Circuits and Sittings, by " any Writing under his or their Hand and Seal, shall,

" from time to time, direct and appoint; for which " such Judges, their Clerks, Officers, or Servants, shall " take or receive no more than the Sum of " besides the Duty for Stamps;" and inserting the Words " do now make out of the several Courts at " Westminster the Process, whereby the Defendants " are brought into Court for such Counties and " Cities respectivelyinftcad thereof:

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out (land Part of the Bill;

Itpaffed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be inserted, be inserted instead thereof;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, }ia7.

Tellers for the Noes, j Y 3.. So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till TuefdayMorning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{ J{r* Ijkarle’n ’{Mr. Burrell:

Tellers for the Noes, J}r* BatliurJl<

( Mr. JiowTiezj:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

| 2.02.


1 82.

The prder of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon W^ednesday Morning next, resolve into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Waysand to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Mean*, to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon IVcdnfday Morning next, resolve itself into the said C^'ormnittee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to render the Laws more effectual ror preventing the dealing and deft roving of Sheep, and other Cattle;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to tVie said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to give Encouragement to Persons to apprehend, and prosecute to Conviction, any Offender* or Offenders mentioned in the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said. Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clause* for the more effectual proven ting* the robbing of Orchards and Gardens, and dealing of" Wall Fruit.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pulteneytook the Chair of trie Oomnilttee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pulteney reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill* and made several

Amendments thereunto, which tVioy Had directed him to report, when the IIoulc will please to receive the same. __

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

6$6 9* Februarii. 1740.

Lun<ci 90 die Februarii;

Anno 14® Georgii IIdi Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

Doncaster A PETITION of the Inhabitants of the TowiiofBro-to Salters- therton,a little Village in the West Riding of York-

biookeRoad* shire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the* Causeway called Brotherton Causeway, leading from Ferrybridge to , adjoining to

the River /lyre,is about One thousand Yards in Length,

and Five Yards hi Breadth, and is the great and publick Highway for all Travellers and Carriages going from Ferrybridge to fYether by; as also at the Times of the said River’s overflowing its Banks (which often happens), the only Road from Ferrybridge to York; and that the Petitioners, who repair such Causeway, as Part of the Highway of the Township of are at great Expences in amending the same; and that, by reason of the said River frequently running over the said Causeway, in the most rapid Manner, the same is often bad, and dangerous to Pafi’engers; and is now very ruinous, and almost demolished; and that, upon a moderate Computation, it will colt atleaft One hundred Pounds to put the said Causeway into good Repair; and also that the Petitioners are yearly at great Expence iti amending other Roads within the said Township; and that they are not able to repair the said Causeway, such frequent Breaches therein unavoidably happening by the violence of the said River: And the Petitioners being informed, that a Bill is now in Parliament for the better repairing the Roads leading from Doncaster to York, through , and

from thence to Wether by; therefore praying, That, by virtue of the said Bill, when passed into a Law, the said Causeway may be repaired; and that they may have such Relief in the Premises, as to the llouie shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. , Sir

Stapylton, Lord S. BeauSir Nathanael Curzon,

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Mr.

Mackworth, Sir James Grant, Mr. Gore,

Sir Charles Gilmour, Mr. Cholmley Turner, Lord Barrington, Lord Gage, Mr. I After, Mr. Mr.

Packer, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Harley, Mr. Robert Williams, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Mr.

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, Nottingham, , Durham, and Nor-

thumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to feud for Persons, Papers, and Records.

riaiulestine A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Bo-Ex|>ortat:on rough of Minchcad, in the County of in be-

01 iiaif of themselves, and many other Traders concerned in the Woollen Manufactures, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners fu tiering by the extreme Badness of Trade, aggravated by the Dearth of Corn, Sic. induced them humbly to apply to the Iloufc, as the proper Relievers of the Distrtfied, and Redrelfers of Grievances: Praying, that effectual Care may be taken to preserve and Irish Wool, apprehending it to be the bell Re-lrorative; and that the State of Trade may come under their Consideration; and-such Encouragement afforded, as to the Iloule shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Geutlemea, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Parilli of ,in

the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Barnerd’t for naturalizing Em eft Barnerd,was read the Third Nat*

time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Gage do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Petition of several Persons con- Maitufa<ftnf« cerned in the Manufacture of Woollen Broad Cloth, t Cloth in made in the West Riding of the County of York, which YorkJlure-was prefen ted to the House upon the aoth Day of January lall, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cholmley Turner, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Mr. Yorke,

Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Chetzoynd, Mr. Treby, Mr.

Thompson, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Lelieup, Lord Gage,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fere, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Blagrave,

Mr. Waits, Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Compton, Mr.

Wollaston, Sir James Grant, Mr. Brerelon, Mr. Clarke,

Mr. Lifter, Mr. Prozofe, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr.

Papillon, Mr. Balle, Mr. Fydell, Sir John Ramsden,

Mr. Pi got t, Mr. Winnington; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Nottingham, Lincoln, Lancaster, Durham, and Chester: And all the Merchants in the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to feud for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for repairing the Road from Doncaster, Doncaster through the Parilli of Peniflon, in the County of York, to^iteri-to Salterjbrooke,in the County of Chester; and also brookeRoadj

for repairing the Road from Rolheram, in the said County of York, to Ilartcliffe Hill, in the said Parilli of Peni/ion; was read a Second time. -

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Sir Stapylton, Mr. Cholmley Turner, Mr. Thompson, Mr.

Yorke, Mr. Comptroller, Sir James Grant, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Knight, Lord Barrington, Mr. Winnington, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Co.'far,

Mr. Blagrave, Sir Jof Pennington, Mr. Packer, Air.

Treby, Sir JohnAjlley, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Air.

Medlycott, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Parker, Mr. Tref'ufis, Mr. Hume Campbell,

Air. Hungerford, Mr. Talbot, Sir John Ramsden, Air.

Archer, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Compton, Air.

Mr. Affleck, Mr. Lockzcood, Mr. Pigott, Mr.

Mr. Lifer, Mr. Carew, Mr. RowneyMr. Chaffin, Sir

Thomas Clarke; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lancaster, Chester, and Lincoln:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the

Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their AnIWer t* Addresses of Tuesday and Thursday la ft had been feve- Addresses. rally presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions as deft red by the said Addresses.

A Bill for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Po?i- \vakefi Id to tefract, and from thence to a Place called Weeland, in Pontefract, the Township of llenfall, and from Pontefract to Went- *<' Roads. bridge, in the Township of Barrington, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Thompson of York, Mr. Cholmley Turner,

Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Fox, Lord Galway, Sir Darcy, Mr. Wilkinson, Mi.Talbot, Lord Sidney Beauderk, Mr. Blagrave, Lord Barrington, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Evans, Mr. York, Sir James Grant, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Papillon, Mr.

Chaffin, Mr. Mackzcorth, Mr. PAir. Gregory, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Carew, Mr.

Compton, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Packer, Air. vey; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, Lancaster, and Chester: And

14 Geo. IT. 9 *Fehruani.637

all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s' Chamber.

F.»ian<l to A Bill for repairing the Road leading from Lied; Road, the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thompson of York, Colonel Howard, Colonel Ingram, Sir Corbet, Sir JVm. Middleton, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Evans, Mr. Pl Mr. Earle, Mr. White, Lord Palmerston, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Laroche, Sir John Heath cote, Mr. Hay, Mr. Jeickes, Mr. Sir Jo/.

Pennington, Mr. Kynafon, M Lord Sidney Beau-

clerk, Sir NathanaelCurzon Mr. Rofje, S\rConyersD'arcy,

Mr. Whichcote, Mr. MacSir Mr.

Cttjar, Mr. Onfiow, Mr. Owen, Sir James Grant, Mr.

Watson, Mr. Shuttleworlh, Mr. Fere, Mr. Mr.

Woodhouse, Mr. Prow/e, Mr. Gregory, Mr.

Mr. Wigley, Lord Limerick: and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Derby, Ldncaster, and Chester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Horfi-h y A Bill for enlarging the Tertn and Powers granted by UpngU an paired in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his Road. C" late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Horseley Upright Gate, leading down Bowden Hill, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Kings down the Parish of in

the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, Thatthe Bill be committed to Sir Robert Long, Mr. Ivory Talbot, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Earle, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Packer, Mr. Powney,

Lord Guernsey, Mr. Williams, Sir Boteler Sir

Abr.Elton, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr.’ Plumptm, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr

Mr.Plumer, Sir Henr. Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Hors-monden Turner, Mr. Sh Mr. Bromley, Mr.

Sheplieard, Mr. Compton, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Daivkins, Mr. Careiv, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Fane, Sir James Grant, Mr.

Mr. Brercfon, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Bowles, Sir Ritjh-out, Mr. Chorniy Turner, Lord Barrington; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

1 . J

Co"^', be.A Bill for appointing new Commissioners and Tmftees

fcitate. for putting into Execution an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign ofher late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate and Effects of John Coggs and John Dann, Goldsmiths and Copartners, in Trustees, for the speedier Payment of their Creditors, and for determining Differences thereupon; and for making the said Act more effectual; was read a Second, time. , ‘;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to mr.Compton, Mr. Earle, Mr. Yorke, Sir Sir

Curzon, Sir James Grant, Mr. WhichcOte, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Rrerelon, Sir John Ruf Mr. Wm.

Ileathcote,. Mr. Shuttleworlh, Mr. Medlyyatt, Sir John Turner, Mr. M'fl/r, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Sandys, Sir.Hucks, Sir Ilenr. Gough, Sir Thom Read, Sir IF. WrWynne? Mr. RoJ'e, Mr. Wilkin/onMr. Wiglet), Mr. Proby, Lord Bartinglo'il, ’Mhi Rdutky,- Mr. Butler, - Mr. Rolle, Lord Quarendon, M r; Hungei'ford, ;Lord. GueraiJ'ey, Mr. Speke, Mr Howe, M r.ChelwMr. Mr. Wood-

house, Mr. Watts; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe-; and all Merchants’of the Hotife: And they

are tobneetthis Afternoon, at "Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber. 1 r

’ ;1 bun:

Wakefield A Bill for repairing the Roads from a Place called to Haiilat Red-house, near Doncafler/o Wakefield,.and through the Roaih. said Town of Wakefield, by Dewsbury, t Highlown, and Vot, 23.

Ughtcliffe, to the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Thompson of York, Sir James Grant, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Curzon, Mr.

Mr HorfmondenTurner, Mr Pigott, Mr Sir JVm.

Ileathcote, Mr. Edgcumbe, Mr. Earle, Mr. JBa-

thurst, Sir Abr. Elton, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Plujnptre,

Mr. Careto, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Howe, Sir Mr. Hilton, M r.Archer, Mr. White, Mr. Wilkinjbn, "Mr.

Hedworth, Mr. 11 ticks, Mr. More, Mr lycott. Sir John Turner, Mr. Robinson, Sir Gage,

Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Arfcolt, Mr. , Sir

John H. Colton, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr.’ Mr.

Whitworth, Co\ond\Pelham, Mr. Mackworth, M.r. JP Captain Owen, Mr Locker, Colonel I, Lord 2ua-

rendon, Mr. Laroche; Mr. Smith, Mr. Wigley, IVIr, ley, Mr. WoLlajion, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Winning ton, Mr.

Hooper, Sir JohnPeavhy, Sir Edward Dering, ~Ns"Lr. Chaffin, Mr. Pley del, Mr. Pa pi lion,. Mr. Noel, Mr.

wood. Lord Barrington; and all the Members who serve for Uie Counties of York, Lancaster, and Che/ier - And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, ihtitutfed, An Act Eftr|of for vesting the Seat and Estates of Nicolas, late "Earl of Scarj'dale, deceased, in the several Counties of ZJcrhy,. Estate. and Nottingham,comprised in his Settlement and Wi|J>

and the Furniture theie, at his Death, in Trustees,’ to fold, for speedier Payment of his Debts, and preserving. the Surplus, to go according to his said Settlement and 7

Will, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to S\rJSr*tt/ianacl Curzon, Mr. Curzon, Lord Gage, Mr. Sjr

James Grant, Mr. HorfmondenTurner, Lord Sidaei/Beart.

clerk. Lord Quarendon, Mr. Bromley, Sir JHeath-

cote, Mr. Carew, Mr. Southwell, Sir john Cro/fe, Sir John Peachy, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Powney, Mr. Kynaston, Sir.

Plumptre, Lord Barringtoji, Mr. Sandys, Lord Limerick,

Sir John Turner, Mr. II. Balkurst, Sir Da/hwood,

Mr. Fazakerley, Dr. Lee, Mr. Treby, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Comity, Mr. OJbaldefion, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Wolla/lon, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Hco/)er, Mr. Lifdr, Mr. L>rax, Mr:

Harley, Sir John Ileathcote, Si r CharlesVermn,

Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Pitt, Sir Geo. Wynne, Mr. Fox, Mr. Arundel, Mr. Scrape, Mr!

Leveson Gower, Mr. Hear. Archer, Mr. Herbert, Sir Wm. JoHife, Sir Charles Moradunt,.Sir Walter,

Dr.Cotes, Mr. Fane, Mr. Wilbraham,; and all the Mem-bets vyho" serve for! the Counties of Nottingham, and Derby:And they are to meet this Afternoon^ at five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers graft ted. "Ly C»'-enc^'eT an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year, of the Reign of Ro® his late Majesty King George? the First, intituled, for repairing the Roads leading from Town’s

Epd to St. yo/iW’S' Bridge, in the county of ,

was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to' Mr*. JfPbnr.

Bqthiurjl, Lord Guernsey, Sir Robert Long, Sic Charles Banbury, Mr; Richard Planter, Lord Gagf M r.' JToi'ke,

Mr. Treby, Sir John Turner, S\f Nathanael CSir Charles Gilmour, Mr. Brereton, Lord Qufirendoyt, -iJord

Sidney'- Beauclerk, Sir Edmund Isham, Sir Jaiji^s Grant,

Mr. IJerbert,-I^ird Barrington, Mr. Hoopdr, Sir Heathcoff Sir Robert Grnfvenor, Sir John Peachy, Mr,

Baf'ett, Mr. Fox, Mr. Guidot; and all the Meiiibers who serve for tlieCounties of Gloucester, Oxon, arid Perks:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, ?.t Five.of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

I ' , *

Colonel Onslow presented to the House, according to Office* and Order, a Bill to indemnify Persons who have oftntied to EmP'oym«nu. qualify themselves for Of^tes and Employociet't3

7 Z le

638 9* — 10°

the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose: And the same was received j and read the FirA time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Selby, Sec. petition of the Freeholders, Farmers, and other Koads. Inhabitants, of Tadcaster, , Teuton,

Saxton, ScarthingweUy Ullejkclf, , and Kirin/

JVharfe, in the WeA Riding of the County of York, and other Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they find, by the Votes of this IJonfe, that Leave is given to bring in a Bill for the Repair of the Roads from Selby, through io Brad-

ford and Halifax, in the said West Riding; and repre-fenting to the House, That the Petitioners live, some of them above, and all of them about, Ten Miles from Leeds aforesaid, and nfually attend the weekly Markets there, to fell their Corn, and other Commodities, the Prodta^ of their Farms; which Com and Commodities they always used to convey to the said Market on Horse* back; and that the Petitioners, in their travelling to Jjeeds aforesaid, only pass on Four Miles of the Road proposed to be repaired by the said Bill, and moA Part

of them not above Two Miles; and that the greater Part of the said Four Miles is good Causeway Road for Horses and Wheel Carriages, and all the same Four Miles isgoodCaa£Eway Road for Horses; and that the Petition-ersapprehend, That, in case the said Bill for repairing the said Road from-Selby, through , to Bradford and: Halifax, shall pass into a Law, although the said Road is upwards of Forty Miles in Length, and the Petitioners only travel on so small a Part 'thereof) as aforesaid, and which, in respect of Horse Carriage, needs no Repair; so that the Petitioners would receive no Benefit by the said Law; yet they may thereby become liable to pay the Tolls and Duties to be laid, and required to be paid by the said Bill; And therefore praying, That, in case the said Bill flioald pass into a Law, the Petitioners may therein be exempted from paying the Tolls or Duties to be thereby granted; and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the HousefhaJI seem meek

Ordered, That the saidPetition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill for repair, ing and enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby, in the WeA Riding of the County of York, £0 the Town of Leeds-, and from thence, in Two several Branches, O11O through Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bowling and lVibfey,to the Town of in the fame

Riding, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Pelham, Colonel Pelham, Mr.’ Jacket, Sir fVm. Gage, Mr. Monson, Mr.

Mr. White, Sir John Cr Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Hay, Mr. Mr. Captain

Fairfax, Mr. Pollen, Sir John TurMr.

Mr Hampden, Mr. Hair. Archer, Mr. More, Mr., Thomas Pelham, Mr. Trevor, Sir John Shelly, Sir Hynr. Gough, Captain Gough, Mr. Orrne, Mr. Sir

Robert Clifton, Mr. Hama;, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Price, Colonel Howard, Mr. , Mr. Hedtcorth, Mr.,

Hucks, be added to the said Committee.

Portsmouth A pill to enable Tho Smith Esquire, Lord of the Waterworks. \jan0j- of Partington,in the County of , to

luppfy the Town of Portsmouth, and Parts adjacent, with good and wholefotne Water, at his own proper CoA and Charges, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir;

TVagcr, Lord Gage, Sir James Grant, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Lord Guernsey, Lord Quarendon, Mr

Mr. Sloper, Colonel OnjMr. Gore, Mr. Vere, Mr.

Yorke, Mr. Owen, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Mr.

lycott, Mr. Lifter, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Mr. Brereton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Air. , Mr. Hooper, Sir John

Turner, Sir John RamfdSir Edward Isham; Mr.

Digby, Air: Fox, Mr. Mj Mr. Mr.;

Hilton tDr. lee, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Corbett, Mr.

4

Februarii. 1740.

wood, Sir John Aftlcy, Air* Southwell, Air.

Colonel Duckett, Sir Thomas Lee; and all the Members who serve for the County of Southampton And theyj are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock,* in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Exchange of MajeAy, That he will be graciouAy pleated to give Di-regions, That Care may be taken to detain all Spanish " oner8, Prisoners that have already, or shall hereafter, be taken, during this present War, nntil they shall be exchanged for some of his Majesty’s British Subjects; and that his MajeAy will be graciously pleased, as soon as conveniently may be, to settle a Cartel with Spain, for Exchange of Prisoners taken in War.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his MajeAy, by such Members of this Ilouie, as are of his MajeAy’smoA honourable Privy Council.

A Motion was made, and the QueAiou being put. Motion for That the Orders of the Day be now read; Order* of th*

The House divided. Day-

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas J Lord G , ,8

Ieuers for the leas, |Mr Whilworth, J

Tellm fortteNoe., ] 146.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the Reading further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of John EleAion. Dodd Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks.

And the Counfelfor the Sitting Member examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to justify the Votes of several other Persons, who voted for the Sit-tingMember at the said Election, and whom the Coupfql for the Petitioner had endeavoured to disqualify.

Then the.Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of John Dodd Esquire complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, be adjourned till To-morrpw Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Delays of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, causesafter upon the Bill to -prevent Inconveniencies arising by blue joined. Delays of Causes, after issue joined.

Resolved., That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

‘ The Other Order of the Day being read; '

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Stealing of whole House, to whom the Bill to render the Laws more Sheep, effectual for preventing the Stealing and Destroying of Sheep and other Cattle, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow ' Morning, Nineof the Clock.

Martis, iob die Februarii ', v ^Anno 14* Georgii II. Regis, 1740.

Pr AVer s. ~ , ..... \

R. Laroche reported,.from the Committee, th Mierop'j whom jthe Bi|l for,qaturaliziqg Martin, Kuyek. Van hat-Mierop, was committee!. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had directed him to report the Bill to thq,

House, without ariy Amendment; And he delivered the,

Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

Air,

T

14 Geo. II.

I o° Februdrii.

639

Correspon- Mr. Comptroller presenteil to the House, pursuant to dence of their Address to his Majesty,

Mr. Fincn. Extract of Mr. Finch's Letter to Lord Harrington, dated St. Petersburgh, 24th June 1740.

Ext raft of a Letter from Mr. Finch to Lord Harrington, dated St. Petersburgh, 1740.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Finch to Lord Harrington, dated at St.Petersburgh, 174.0, inclosing,

Petition of the British Merchants to her Czarish Majesty.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Finch to Lord Harrington, dated St. Petersburgh, 4th November 1740.

Extract of M r. Finch's Letter to the Right honourable the Lord Harrington, Petersburgh, 20th 1740.

Together with a List thereof.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Cotton, ire. The House being informed, that Mr. imported from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the ' Door,

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what Quantity of Cotton has been imported from Turkey, from 1720 to Christmas

1740, distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of what Quantity of Mohair Yarn has been imported from Turkey), from Christmas 172010 Christmas 1740, distinguishing each Year: And also,

Ab Account of what Quantity of raw and thrown Silk has been imported from all Countries, exclusive of Turkey, from Christmas 1720 to Christmas 1740, distinguishing each Country and each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Ta-. Wei to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound np with the other Papers of this Selflon.

Clandestine A Petition' of the Clothiers, Dyers, Card-makers, and °^,ers concerned in making Mixed and Medley Broad Cloth, in the Town of Froom, in the County of and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their declining Trade, which the Petitioners apprehend is occasioned by the unlawful Practice of running Wool to France, and other foreign Parts; together with the Licence many Persons take in setting up the Trade of making Cloth, without serving an Apprenticeship to it, or having a proper Skill in the Manufacture: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the M after Wool Combers, Weavers, Dyers, and others, concerned in making of Druggets, at Road and Telsford,in the County of Somerset, was also

preliented to the House, and read; complaining of their declining Trade, which the Petitioners apprehend is occasioned by the unlawful Practice of running Wool to France, and other foreign Parts; to the great Damage, and almost utter Ruin of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and find out some effectual Means to prevent this Evil, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to eonfider of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of in the County of

Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Chatteris A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by Ferry Road, an Act, made in the First Year of his present Majesty's Vol. 23.

Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the R°a^Jea ,n=> . from Chatteris Ferry, which divides the Isle of ror* the County of Huntingdon, to Hammond's Eau, anci from thence to Somersham Bridge, at I own s

End, in the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Nix. Clarke,

Mr. Pigott, Mr. Bromley, Mr. SSir Ramsden, Mr. Chomlei) Turner, Mr. Mr. e.

Lord S.Beauclerk, Sir James Grant, Mr. Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Carew, Mr. Lijler, Mr. More, Mr.

Lord Barrington, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Lord

Guernsey, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Jo/m

Barnard, Mr. Shultleworth, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir Jofi Pennington, Colonel Ingram, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Nip.

Strode, Sir Win. Courtenay, Mr. Vere, Mr. Hay, Mr

Robinson, Mr. Lindefay, Mr. Brereton, Mr.

Mr. Powis, Sir Abr. Elton, Mr. Croxolc, Mr. Tower, Nf r.

Scawen, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Bramfion, Sir Robert Aujlen,

Mr. Ijongueville, Sir Win.Heathcote, Sir Loicther

Sir MilesStapylton; and all the Members who serve

for the Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Clothiers, and Selby, &c. other Inhabitants, of Leeds, in the West Riding of the ft0*1*- ' County of York, was presented to the Hotife, and read setting forth. That the Petitioners are apprehensive, thaL in case a Bill brought into this House, for repairing and enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds and from thence, in Two several Branches, one through Bradford and Horton, and the other through Hozvlino and WibJ'ey, to the Town of Halifax, in the same Riding, should pass into a Law, the Petitioners will he thereby much aggrieved by the Tolls and Duties thereby to be laid, and made payable, for amending the Road proposed to be amended by the said Bill, as well in regard fa much of the same Road, as lies within their Township, wants no repairing, for the Purpolts of the said Bill, it being already a good Wheel Carriage Road, as that the Prices of Corn coming to their Market will be thereby enhanced; and the Coals, from a Colliery of the Right honourable the Lord Visconnt Irxoen, in the Parish of Whilkirk, adjoining to the said Parish of Leeds, will be thereby, inelfeft, prohibited to be brought to Leeds:

And therefore, the Premises considered, and in regard the Petitioners have been in no Default of repairing their Roads, lying between Selby and Bradford, aforesaid, and the subje.'ting the Coal brought to Leeds, from the said Colliery, to the said Tolls and Duties, must greatly affect the Woollen Manufacture at Leeds, and make the same go dearer to foreign Markets; praying. That the Inhabitants of Leeds, their Cattle and Carriivgesof all K’uds, and all other Cattle and Carriages, laden or empty* ana going to load, or returning empty from loading ol Coal or Corn, to or from Leeds, may be exempt from Payment of any Tolls or Duties to be laid, or made payable, by the said Bill; and that no Turnpike Gate or Bar may be erected on the said Road, fb proposed to be amended, in Leeds,or at any Place in the said Road, between Bradford and Leeds, nearer to Leeds than the Stone Pillar Handing in Kirkftall,in the said Parish; or at any Place in the said Road between Tweeds and Selby, nearer to I^eeds than the Stone Pillar called

Hallon Dial, in the Parish of L, nor at the Place last mentioned; and that the York Road may lie open for all Cattle and Carriages to pass without Payment of any Toll or Duty; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief, as to the House thall seem meet.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and other Inhabitants, of Tadcaster, Brandi am, Thorner, Barmick inElmct, Scotes, Morriclc, and Seacroft, and Places adjacent, in the West Riding of the York, was presented to the House, anti read; representing to the House, That the Petitioners apprehend, that, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioners,

although

K

640

although the Rond thereby proposed to be repaired is upwards of Forty Miles in Length, and the Petitioners, in conveying their Corn and other Commodities to Leeds, only travel on Two Miles thereof, from Nation Dial toIjeeds Market; and which, in respect of Horse Carriages, needs no Repair, and, in dry Seasons, is, equally with the Petitioners other Roads, patTable with Wheel Carriages; so that the Petitioners will receive no Benefit by the said Law; yet they, unless relieved by this House, will he liable to pay the Tolls and Duties to be laid and made payable by the said Bill: And there* fore praying, That, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, they may therein be exempted from paying the Tolls or Duties to be thereby granted; or that it may be therein prov ided, That no Turnpike Gate or Bar may be placed between the Market Place in Leeds, and the said Stone Pillar, in the Parish of Leeds, called Nation Dial, nor at the Place tail mentioned, so that the Road may lie open for the Petitioners and others to pass thereon, without Payment of any Toll or Duty; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Pre-mifesasto the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Considera'tion of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Porter's c, Mr. Alderman Perry reported from the Committee to

s"aaKii°silw vv^,om *ie to impower Joseph , James

v.pau. .1 '. dieu, and AbrahamDefmarctte, to import a certain Quantity of raw Silk, of the Growth of , from Leghorn, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by,the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iugrofled.

Vaughan’s A Bill fdV impowering Gwyn Vaughan Esquire, and thaw, tiis Wife, and their Sons, to make Leases of the Manor of Kingston Seymour, in the County of Somerset, for Lives, or Years determinable on Deaths, according^ the Custom of the Country, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bramston, Mr Provofe, Sir NathanaelCurzo Mr. Plumptre, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Tower, Mr.

Lord Chetivynd, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Mr. Fox,

A, 1740.

Mr. Tracey, Mr. Vere, \ir. Li'ndcfayMr. Whitworth, Dr. Butler, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bromley, Mr.

Mr. Hampden, Mr. Popham, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Pleydell,

Mr.Sandys, Mr. More, Lord Charles Colonel Onslow, Sir W, IV. Wyime, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Mr.

Carew, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Shutllewor/h, Mr.

Lord Baltimore, Lord Galway, Sir John Rushout, Sir John Barnard, Sir James Grant, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hay,

Sir Edmund Bacon, Lord Quarendon, Sir John Lijler Kaye; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Gloucester, and South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fite of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wtftem’s for veiling the settled Estate of Thomas Western Esquire, Estate. in the County of Buckingham, in him, and his Heirs; and for settling another Estate, in the County of Cambridge, of greater Value, to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; and also for rendering a Power of Revocation, contained in that Settlement, more effectual, for the Purposes thereby intended; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bromley,

Mr. Carew, Mr. Clulterbuck, Mr. Walker, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Mordaunt, Mr. Pawlelt, Mr. Tracey, Lord

Boyne, Mr. Jenifon, Mr. Keene, Mr. Gore, Mr. Thomas

Archer, Mr. Henr. Archer, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Wynne,

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Mr. Hales,

Mr. Shepheard, Sir Humph. Howarth, Lord S. Beauclerk, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gybbon, Sir James Grant, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Laroche, Sir Miles Stapytion, Mr.

Tower, Mr. Turner, Lord Charles Cavendish, Lord timore, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr.

Corbett, Mr. Gore, Mr. Harley, Dr. Butler, Colonel Ingram, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Medlycott, Mr.

Lelieup; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Bucks, and Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Charles Wager, from the Commissioners for exe- Navy D«bt. cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, prefen ted to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as. it Hood on the 31 ft of December 1740.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The laid Estimate is as follows;

to* Februarii.


4

Am

14 Geo. II.

i o° Februarii.

641

Navy O (Tice, > An ESTIMATE of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter

Gtb February 1 740. )

mentioned, as it stood on the 31st December 1740.

H EA D S of the NAVAL ESTIMATES.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary and Extraordinary Repairs:

Due, to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Conrfe of the Navy, for Stores, fife, supplied for the Service thereof To pay off and discharge Bills registered on the said Course, for Premiums, allowed by A 6tof Parliament, on Naval Stores} the whole Sum registered in the Year 1740, amounted to £.i 5,081. 7.V. 5d.; whereof remains unpaid - For Freight of Tenders and Transports, and for Stores delivered into his Majesty’s several Yards, fife, for which no Bills were made out ou the aforesaid 31st December 17405 as also, to several Bills of Exchange -

To his Majesty’s Yards, and Rope-yards, for the Ordinary and Extra. -

For Half-pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his late Majesty in Council on that behalf -

Seamen’s Wages:

Due, to pay the Men, fife, unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off To Ships in Sea Pay on theabovesaid 31st December 1740 To discharge and pay off all the Bills, entered in Course for Pilotage, Surgeons Necessaries, Bounties to Widows and Orphans of Men stain at Sea, fife. -

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for short Allowance to the Companies of his Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid oft' - For paying off all the Bills, entered on their Course For needfury Money, extra-necessary Money, and Contingencies ——

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports ——

Sick and Wounded, The Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for the Quarters and Cure of tick and wounded Seamen, sent on ffiore from his Majesty’s Ships, at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to the said Service- -

The Total amounts to the Sum of One'Million Eight hundred Twenty-one thousand Nine hundred and Thirty-seven Pounds Eight Shillings and Two Pence Halfpenny

From whence, deducting the Money in the Trea-A

surer’s Hands - - - - " - . - f As on the

And also the Money that remained to come in of f other Side^ the Supplies of the Year -J (

The Debt will then be One million Three hundred and One thousand Five hundred and Twenty-five Pounds Eleven Shillings and TenPence

Memorandum: The following Particulars, if provided for by Parliament, mull be deducted from the aforegoing Debt; viz.

The Charge of Transports hired to convey the Forces under the Command of Lord Cathcar/, amounting to -

As also the Expence of Victuals provided for the Soldiers employed on Expeditious in America - -

The Net Debt will then be One million Seventy-one thousand Six hundred Eighty-live Pounds Five Shillings and One Peny Farthing

314,179 -

6,548-----

111,470 12 — 160,838 — — *3*57 6

64,797 *7 3*

803,727-----

*9*457 -

TOTA L.

£ ' .

) 606,

192 12 s

837*981 i7

15,665 13 —

250,119 16 n 7,178 16 2

12,606 6 2

) 285,57o 12 3

4^,192 6 2

m>356 1 4°9»°55 9 3i

*3oi>5a5 11 10

15>275 18 8 1}

I> 229,840 6 8*

124,564 8 ----- i\S

*071,685 5 i£

Richard Haddock, James Ackxoorth, Tho.J. Fowler, John PhiUipfon,

Vol. 13.

8 A

Memorandum

'U

Cj

t>

nt.


V

oc

-1

C’

1-

tJ

r

ps

K>

£» — t i >ii

4 z&

[ oV i

Memorandum: THERE was remaining in the late and present Treasurers of the Navy’s Hands, on the ji(l December 1740, -in Money, as under-mentioned; and may be reckoned

towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy:

- J 0 J

__________;_____L__________. -.....:______=__________ — _____


— . _ ..... Or the Heads of

33

In what TREASURER’S Hands.

- a

S:

Q.

Right honourable Puttee

r y - In Money -

Lord Torrington - )

( D° towards the Debt for sick and wounded 5

k. '; — 7 ' y Vf-' 1 O ,:

Right honourable Arthur Onjtom Esquire - j lnfr zr __

? <0: —

In MONEY.

ryj ti {ip

a-

c - ir , -

►n I © -

:-----

» -►** 1

S: ' i' "

« t:

H n -tw

D° towards flie Debt for tick and wounded Seamen -

a S

Sl ’’ i

T O

V rJ


Wear and Tear, and Ordinary.

C;

Seamen's Wages.

1

rf. f /: rf.

6 8 4,076 8 nf

- 73 13 5

15 26,132 5 if

>: S — a3>134 n 8

2 74 53,416 19 2

Virtual.?.

w

6

£. s.

16 11

- - si

' J

38,333 13 iof 7 ,

33»34o 5 4

TOTA L.

L * 5.634 — 61

105,722 6 7

O

o

7

r>

*r S a.

c

_.jU *1

s --:js S-s. .5 o.sa.

r

r-5.^ % H-.i

j v

« «w»

57

i tr

c.

J5.

B. w-

X. B. There remained, on the 3 i ft of December last, to come in of the Supplies of the Year

£; s- d-409,055. 9. 31.

rz

r

sT

v

‘ i

'ii 5

j w

t c

{ 1 T

i it


Wakefield Pontifraft tc. Road*.

Privilege.

14 Geo. II. ioa'Peirudtii. ^43

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the 'th- a malicions and scandalotls Libel, highly And ble, to be perused by the Members of the House. rtously reflecting upon ajuft and wife Act of his ^BYy~

ty’s Government, and the Proceedings of both ilonies A Petition of the Gentlemeu, Merchants, and Tra- of Parliament, and tending to creath Jealousies and Adders, of the Town of Gaiujborough, in the County of content in the Minds of his Majesty’s Subject Ad Lincoln: and also, that the said Serjeant do carry the said John Mares for

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital that Purpose, where he shall be directed by Mr. x^ttor*

Burgetfes, of the Corporation of Beverley, in the EAft ney General.

Riding of the County of York', and also,

A Petition of the Tradesmen and Inhabitants of the Mr. , according to Order, reported from thte Stealing of

Town of Brigg, in the County of Lincoln, and of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bifi to Sheep. Grafiers and Farmers of severalneighbouring Towns* render the Laws more effectual for preventing the Stigal*

Were severally presented to the House, and read* ing and Destroying of SheCp and other Cattle, Tvfts representing to the House, That the Bill, now de- committed* the Amendments which the Committee pending, for repairing the Roads betwixt Wakefield had made to the Bill, and which they had direflea him to and Weeland,on the River Air, if palfed into a Law, reportvto tire House and he r6ad the Report in his

will be of great Advantage to the Trade of those Placej and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amende Parts; And therefore praying. That the said Bill meats, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Ameydineqits may pass into a Law. were dnce read throughout and then a Second time, one

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the by one* and, upon the Question severally put thereupon Cohsideration of the Committee to whom the Bill for were agreed to by the House.

repairing the Road from Wakefield, to Pontefract, and Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amfeiidments* i i>e r '" from thence to a Place called Weeland,in the Township ingrossed. ': t

of llenfalL and fvom, Pc*itefraft to Wenlbridge, in the

Township of Darrington, in the West Riding of the An ingrossed Bill, from the Lbrds, intituled, AnvA.Cf Rice’*

County of York, i^s committed. to enable John , and his Heirs, to take' and tift* the Isame‘

Surname of pursuant, to the Will of PchizYntt

A Petition of John Meres, Printer, was presented to Gentleman, deceased, was read a Second time. 1 . ’

(lie House, and read fefting forth, That the Petitioner Resolved, That the Bill be committed to ^A.r.'Pe,l* was, by Order of this House, of the 3d of December fall, ham, Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. Longueville, Mr. TVhit-committed into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms at- worth, Mr. Brere ton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, hvf r. j v v

tending this I Ioul’e, for having printed the Paper, inti- nington, Mr. Mr. Hay, Mr. ,\fr

tuled, "The Daily Poll," and dated Monday, Dec. 1. Earle, Mr. Treby, Mr. Caretr9\lr. Bro.nhy, V[ r> Vpalker f740, containing Part of the Matter of a printed Paper, M1'- Pdl General Cope, Sir M r

delivered to the Members of this House by One of the Pelham, Mr.‘fi/arfen,'Mr. Wilkinson, Lord Mr.

Door-keepers* which Paper this House hath refolvfcd to Harvey, Mr. Knight, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Hyrtctfl0)j Mr! contain a mail icious and scandalous Libel, highly and most Compton, Lord John Sackville, Lord , !VI r 'PoU

mjunously reflefhng upon ajnft and wife Ad of his Ma- len, Mr. , Lord Sundon, Mr. Fox, Mr. Clutter*

jesty’s Government, ;md the Proceedings of both Hpufes bucfy, Lord Sidney Beduclerk, Lord Sir

of Parliament, and tending to create Jealousies and Dif- H. Colton, ’Sir JV: W. Wynne, Sir James Grant, Mr. content in the Minds of his Majesty’s Subjects; and that Strode, Mr. and aH the Members, who lerve-for

an humble Addrtfs has been presented to his Majesty, the Counties of Suffer, Surry, > Kent, and the beseeching him to give Directions to his Attorney Oe- Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon’, at Five of neral to prosecute at Law the Petitloner, for having print- the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, ed the said Daily Poll: That the Petitioner most heartily bewails his having incurred the Displeasure of this Sir Watkin Williams Wynne, according to’ Order, re- Limiting th* House, and hopes his discontinuing to print the Re- ported from the Committee of the v3»ole House* to numb,r?f mainder of the said Paper will be judged, as it really was, whom the Bill for the better securing the Freedom of Par-an Instance of his Unvvillingness to give any Offence: Jiament$,bynittitkigtheNumb«rofO<^cer§ln the House e That the Petitioner is miserably reduced by his Confine- of Commons, >vas committed the Amendments which inent, having tired out all his Friends* by borrowing the Committee had made to the Bill* and whichtheyhad Money from them, for his, and the Support of his Wife directed him to report to the House: and-he read the<Re-and several small Children, who are become great Ob- 1 port in frisFiace; and afterwardsideH veved the'BllI, *'ith

i'eds of Charity; and that it is uncertain what Pains and the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table 1 Where the -’enalties may be inflicted on the Petitioner, in confe- ‘Amendments were ofteehiad'throwgliowt; and then a quence of the said Address for Prosecution, over and Second time, one by one;1 and, «pon the'Questionfieve* above what he at present labours utider by his eXpen- rally put thereupon, were agreed to by> the House; five Confinement: And therefore praying the Mercy And feverttf Amendments were made1 by the House of the House in Consideration of the Premises, to inter- to the Bill. i

pose, by preventing him being made so great'an ^Xbj^d Ordered, That the the Amendments, be of Severity, by double Punishment; and to order him to ingrossed.-:

be brought before some Justice of the Court of King’s '

Bench, to enter into Recognizances for his appearing Ordered, That the Order of tile Day, for the Second Trade with and taking his Tryal at the Bar of the said Court, and "Reading of the Bill fof opening" a Trade to and from e^j££ugb the rather for that if he be not admitted before thfc last: Ptffia through RuJJid, be now read:

Day of this Term, he cannot have any other Relief rill And the said Order being read accordingly;

the next Term, as he is informed; or to/ m&ke'fdch-'other ' Ordered1, That -the said Bill be read a -Second time

Order, in the Petitioner’s behalf, as to the'House-shall Upon Thnrfilay Sevennight.

seem meet. . .’.'i.i.j:,

Ordered, That John Meres, now in Custody of the ' ' The House, according to Order, proceeded to the for- Reading Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be discharged ther Hearing of the Matterof the Petition of John Dodd Election, out of Custody, paying his Fees, upon giving the uiual ‘Efijuire;'Complaining of an undue Election, and Return Security, in order to be forthcoming, t6 answer thb Pro- for thb -Borough of Redding, in the County of Berks': fecution which this House has addressed his Majesty;to And the Counsel were Called re ‘ *' ' '

give Directions to his Attorney General to carry on* And the Couufel for the Sitting Member examined against the said John Meres, for having' printed the Pa--J several-Witrteflfes, in order to <li!cfual»y Several Persons per, intituled, "The Daily Poll," dated Monday, Dec. 1, whomthe Petitioner’sCounfel had endeavoured toadd 1740, which Paper this House has resolved to contain -to his Poll.

Vol. 23. Then


io* — 11® Februarii.

A. 1740.

Then they produced Evidence, and examined several Witnesses, in order to establish the Vote of a Person, who was rated, and tendered his Vote for the Sitting Member, but was not admitted by the Mayor; and also to dHqualify several Persons who voted for the Petitioner at the said Election.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to witiidraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition

o( John Dodd )£Si\\i\re,complaining of an undue Election, and Return, for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, be adjourned till Friday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

} 8'-

Tellers for UieNoea,| }76.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Imp«rtiaf The Order of the Day being read, for the House to u a resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon toSeodaod. the Bill for licensing the Importation of Victual from Ireland, and other Parts beyond the Seas, into Scotland, in time of Dearth and Scarcity;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Recovery of The other Order of the Day being read;

{mall Debt*. . A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more easy Recovery of Small Debts, was committed, be further adjourned till Monday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the } 5°;

Tellers for the No^Mrfc: j 33.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 11° Februarii;

Anno 14* Georgii IP* Regis, 1740.

Pray ers.

Office* and A B 1 L L to indemnify Persons who have omitted to Empi'-jrawu. qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, was reaid a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House; will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.


CKracester Mr. Wbvungton reported from the Committee to Waterworks. w|lom the Bill for supplying t|ie City of with

freffi Water, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill.andmadefeveral Amendments thereunto;, which they had directed him to report to the House; rand he read the ’ Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were onoe read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fere--i; rally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

1*

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, Calder and others, concerned in the Landed InterelL living in Nav»gai,on. or near the several Towns of Wakefield, Walton,

Chevet, Notton, Royfion, Sandal, Criglefion, ton, Cudworth, Scafton, Brierly, Himfwarth,

Ryehill, Winterfett, Ilorbury, Dexcsbury, , and

Stanley, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands more in the West Riding of the County of York, in the aforesaid Interest, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That if the Bill, now depending in the House, for making navigable the River Cafrom the Town of Wakefield to the Town of Euland, and from* thence to the Town of Hal fax, as it now (lands, should pass into a Law, the same would be very prejudicial to the Clothing Trade, and consequently to the Landed Interest in and about the several Towns before mentioned: And therefore praying, that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Couufel, against feme Parts of the said Bill, in such manner as the House shall order.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee to whom the Bill for making navigable the River Calder, in the West Riding of the County of York, from the Town of Wakefield to the Town of Ealand, and for continuing the Navigation from thence by the Brook Mouth to Sallerhabble Bridge, and so farther up a River called Halifax Brooke to the Town of Half ax, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, if they think fit, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That it be au Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all that come to the said Committee have Voices.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to rmporting resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, up- Viaual on the Bill for licensing the Importation of Victual from Ireland, and other Parts beyond the Seas, into Scotland, to*c*t*0<* in time of Dearth and Scarcity, be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

.The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refuiued the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That

.they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Wav» to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, «»d Mcaa* to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning, next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the other Order of the Day be now supply.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

An ingrafted Bill to render the Laws more effectual for Stealing of preventing the Stealing and Deftroyrng of Sheep and Steep, other Cattle, was read the Third Time

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act to render the Laws more efteclual for preventing


Reftrmining

certain Scheme* in America.

14 Geo. II.

x i° — 120 Febrmrii.

45

venting the Stealing and Destroying of Sheep and other Cattle.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Merchants of , and

others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and great Numbers of Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants, in the Province of the setts Bay, in America,was'presented to the House, and

read: setting forth. That while his Majesty and this House have exerted their Authority and utmost Cate, not only to prevent the Increase of Paper Money in America, but even to fink apd discharge what has already issued under the public Authority, by virtue of Act# of Assembly there, John Coleman Esquire, and a very great Number of private Persons, in the sets Bay, his Associates, have, without any Authority, assumed a Power to erect themselves into a Company or Society there, by the Name of the Land Bank, and have chosen and appointed Directors, Treasurers’ and Officers, to carry on the same under large yearly Salaries, avowedly for the Purpose of issuing Paper Bills or Notes, to a very large Amount, to be redeemable Twenty Year# hence, or at some other remote Distance of Time; and haveactually issued out their Notes, and, by their Numbers and Influence, endeavour to force a Currency for the fame: and this, notwithstanding that the most considerable Inhabitants in the Mass Bay in due time opposed such Scheme, and petitioned the General Assembly there to discountenance and suppress that pernicious Project; and notwithstanding that his Majesty’s Governor, with the Advice of the Council there, by publick Proclamations, did discourage the fame; so that, by means of the said Land Bank, the Quantity of Paper Money there is greatly increased, and many Frauds, Losses, and Prejudices, are likely to ensue to the Petitioners, and others, if not timely prevented; and that several of the Petitioners have humbly petitioned his Majesty in Council, for Relief against the said Coleman's Scheme, and the Lords of the Committee of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, and the Lords Commissieaers for Trade and Plantation's, to whom the Petition has been referred, have concurred in Opinion, That that Scheme was of dangerous Tendency, and fit to be suppressed as speedily and effectually as possible; and have given all the Orders that were possible for them to give, that the Governors should continue in the mean time to discourage the said Scheme; and that, although the said Co/e/aan’s Scheme would here in Great Britain be an high Offence, and attended with heavy Punishments, and might easily be suppressed, as being within the Act of the Sixth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, Chapter the 18th, Sections l|, 19, 20,yet his Majesty’s Attorney and Solicitor General, to whom the Method for. prosecuting the Persons concerned in the lajd Schpme was in the course of the said Petition referred, have reported their Opinion, That that Act does not extend to America; and that nothing can effectually be done to put a Stop thereto, but by the Interpolation of a positive Law; so that, notwithstanding all the Endeavours used by the Petitioners, without the Aid of Parliament, no Remedy can be had against those Persons, who have already presumed to set on foot this fraudulent Project;. but all the Care taken by his Majesty, from, time to time, and his repeated -Royal Orders and Instructions on the Head of Paper. Money, as well as the Care and Inquiry of this House, will be totally evaded and eluded, and many other Persons may take upon themselves also to set on foot other like Projects in America: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to hear the Petitioners, by their Counsel; and that the said Act of Parliament, of the Sixth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, may be extended to the British Plantations in America, by express Words, with properClauses and Powers, and with such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, on all Persons offending Vol. 23.

against the fame, or with such other Refief in the Premises as to the House fha.FI seem proper.

The House was moved, That the iSthand ipthSecvions of an Act, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Kin gGeorge,intituled, An Act for better fcuring

certain Powers and Privileges intended to be granted by his Majesty, by Two Charters, for A flu ranee of Ships and Merchandizes at Sea, and for lending Money upon Bottomry, and for restraining several extravagant and unwarrantable Practices therein mentioned, might be read;

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring iff a Hill to explain and amend so much of the said Act as relates to the extravagant and unwarrantable Practices therein mentioned: And that Sir John Barnard, Colonel Mr. Walpole, Mr. Sandys, and Sir George , do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Copies of the several Charters of his Majesty’s Colonies of Maryland, Rhode

ljland, Pensilvania, Massachusets Bay, and Georgia, in America, which were presented to this House upon Thursday the 22d Day of January last, be printed.

A Bill for the better Preservation of the publick Roads ^f[erTat'on of that Part of Great Britain called , was read ° Wa^&‘

a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Be/olved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this T>av Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of y - ’

House, upon the said Bill.

the whole

A Petition of the Clothiers and Stuff Weavers in t]ie Borough of Kidderminster, in the County of in behalf of themselves, and many Thousand* employed by them, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Manufactures of the said Town are very much decreased; and that it isgeneially b dieved. that such Decay of their Manufifturesis very much occasioned by the Running of Wool out ofthisKin^dom And there-fore beseeching the House 10 piov ,de for 1 heir R liel; by passing into a Law the Scheme, laid before the Commissioners of Trade, for infallibly preventing the Exportation of Wool, or by what other Means The House shall judge most effectual for that End.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred toconsider of the Petition of thf Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Cullampton,in the County of whose

Names are thereunto luoscribed.

Ordered, That Mr. Mafier, Mr. Hone, Mr. Kynafon, Mr. Popham, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Seymour, and Mr be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers gran 1 td by an Act, pad edit! the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Kin gGeorge the First, intituled, An Act for repairing Roads, leading from Cirencester Town’s End to St. Bridge in the County of Glouce/ie-ris committed.

And then the House adjourned till To-nx°rrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Clandestioc Exportation of Wooi.

Cirtncester

Road*.

7<

ovts, 12° die I7'el?r~uarii;

Anno 140 Georgii IItU Regis, 1740. Prayers.

MR. Polhill reported from the Gommitltee to whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, One of the Er tjch Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Highways leading from Sevettoaks to gate and Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, the other of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his /ate

8 Majesty

Sevenoaks, Arc. Roads.


12* Februarii.

<$46

Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term granted by the said Act, and for explaining and making the same more effectual j and for amending the Highways leading from Wood [gate to Kipping's Cross; and for repairing the Roads from thence to Lamberhurst Pound*and Pullen's Hill* in the said County, and to Flimzocll Vent, in the County of Suffer , was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read 1 and several Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to one of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Cottflderation of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Mr Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Monday last. That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to giveDireftions, that care may be taken to detain all Spanish Prisoners that have already, or shall hereafter be taken, during this present War, until they shall be exchanged for some of his Majesty’s British Subjects; and that his Majesty will be graciously pleased, as soon as conveniently may be, to settle a Cartel with Spain* for the Exchange of Prisoners taken in War; had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Cfcndeftiae \ Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, and Affistants, together with the Serge-makers, and other the principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of in

Devon, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousand others; and also.

1740.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Eland«Oioe principal Inhabitants, of the Borough and Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset; and also, 0 00 ‘

A Petition of the Clothiers, and principal Inhabitants, of Midsummer Norton, Welton, Fault on, Temple, High Littleton, and Hallitrow, all Clothing Places within the County of Somerset, in behalf of themselves, and of many Thoulands of poor starving Workmen in the Woollen Manufacture; and also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Master Clothiers, and others. Inhabitants of the Parish of Shepton Mallet, in the County Somerset; and also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and Traders in the W-oollen Manufacture, and principal Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the County of York-,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of the great Decay of the Woollen Manufacture; which the Petitioners apprehend is occasioned by the unlawful Praftiue of Running Wool to Prance, and other Parts: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration j and give such Relief therein, as to the House thall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of , in the County of Devon, whoseNames are thereunto subscribed.

Mr. Brereton, from the Commissioners for victualling Vi<3uailing his Majesty’s Navy, presented to the House, pursuant to die Forces, their Order, An Account of the Expence of victualling his Majesty’s Land Forces, sent on the Expeditions to America in the Year 1740.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

London Victualling Office, 7 An ACCOUNT of the Expence of victualling his Majesty’s Land Forces, sent 34th January, 1740. J on the Expeditions to America, in the Year 1740.

Amount of Provisions, Sc. put on board sundry Transport Ships at the Port of London, for an Expedition under the Command of the Right honourable the Lord , includ-

ing £.901. igr. 7 id.for Provision, put on board for victualling 199 Persons belonging to the Office of Ordnance -

Amount of Provisions, Sc. put on board the said Ships at Portsmouth, being for keeping their first Victualling complete until their Sailing, including £547. 9 io| for Provisions also put on board there, for victualling the said 190 Persons belonging to the Office of Ordnance Amount of Six Months Provisions, Sc. for 6,000 Soldiers, at whole Allowance, shipped before the 31st December last, in the River, and at Cork, for the Service of Land Forces in the West Indies -

Amount of One Month’s Beef and Pork, sent by Order of the Lords of the Admiralty, dated 2 & April 1740, for 3,000 Men, to General Spotjbooood at Virginia -Paid on a Contraft made with Messieurs Majbn and for 12 Months Provisions for

6,000 Land Forces; Six Months whereof to be delivered at by 31 December

and the other Six Months by the End of February next -

Amount of 12 Months Provisions, Sc. for 500 Soldiers, put on board Commodore Anjbn't Squadron, in Midsummer Quarter 1740, bound on a Secret Expedition ... There has been advanced £.10,000 by Way of Imprest, to Messieurs Tqffel and Hutchin/bn, who are under Contraft to provide Provisions for Commodore Anjbn’s Squadron, and the Land Forces therewith; which Part thereof, for 500 Soldiers, amounts to

77/o. Revel, F. Eyles J'ho. Brereton,

W. Hay, Wm. Thompson.

F.x4, per Accountant.

SUM.

£- s. d.

36,280 11 —

20,498 6 !Oj

37,800 — —

564 8 10

20,000 — —

M43 »5 —

2.577 6 4

34.564 8 -i

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Westminster The Lord Sundon presented to the House, according Bridge, to Order, a Bill to enable the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of

minster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surry, to raise a further Sum of Money towards finishing the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition

Selby, fee. Road.

Mierop’s

Nat.

Calder

Navigation.

14 Geo. II. 120 Februarii. ^47

A Petition of the Centlemen, Fanners, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Towns and Parishes of Whitchurch, Swillington, Garforth, and in the West

Riding of the County of York,was presented to the House and read, fitting forth. That the Road leading from the Town of Selby, in the same Riding, to the Town of Leeds, and from thence to the Towns of Bradford and Halifax, in the said Riding, being the Road by which the Corn, Malt, Wool, Fruit, and other the Produce of the Petitioners Estates, are carried to Market at and

from thence forwards to Bradford and , and the

Road most frequented for the Carriage of Wool and Woollen Manufactures, made and confutued in and about the Towns of Leeds, Bradford, and , a for- said, and

elsewhere in that populous and trading Part of the Country, is become very deep, and in Winter dangerous to Passengers; and that the Petitioners, inhabit intsas nfore-said of the several Parishes of Whitchurch, Swillig/on, Garforth, nudKippax, throughwhich the saidRad leads, cannot, by the Laws now in being for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, effectually repair the said Road; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Rill for repairing tire Road aforesaid, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds, and from thence, in Two several Stanches, one through Bradford and Horten, and theother through Bowling and Wibfey, to the Town of Half at, in the same Riding, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Martin Kuyck van Mierop,was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing vanMierop.

Ordered, That Mr. Laroche do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Dealers in Cloth, living in or near the several Towns of Wakefield, Stanley, Alverthorp, Horbury, OJfet, Gawthorp, Heaton, Deufbury. Mir field, Hightoum,

BirJtaU, Gummerfal, and Heckmondwicke, in the West

Riding of the County of York; and also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Dealers in Cloth, living in or near the several Towns of fiet, Holbech, Armley, Famley, Bromley, Kirk ft all,

house, Becfiox, Chutril, and Morley,in the West Riding of the County of York;

Were severallypresented to the Ilouie, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, that if the Bill now depending in this House, for making navigable the River Calder, in the West Riding of the County of York, from the Town of Wakefield, to the Town of Ealand, and from thence to the Town

of Hal fax, should pals into a Law, the same would be very prejudicial to the Clothing Trade, now and for many Years used and exercised in and about the severalTowns before mentioned,by taking from the present Fulling MiHs, on the said River so much of their Water, that the fame, which at present is not sufficient to answer the Demands and Occasions of the said Trade, will hereafter be much less so, in case the said Navigation should take Effe3; whereby the Petitioners will not only be incapable to execute the Orders for Goods which they may receive from their Correspondents, but likewise the Cloths, 'which may hereafter happen to be fulled or milled at the said Mills, will be greatly damaged by the frequent Hindrances and Stoppages that will thereby happen to the said Mills, wliilft such Cloths are milling the re: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, Vol. 23.

against the find Bill, in such manner a* the House

lha!l order, .

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tahl^ until the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making navigable the River Calder, in the fitt-

ing of the County of York, from the Town to ttie-Town of Ealand; and for continuing die Navig^. tion from thence, by the Brook Mouth, to Sa.Ucfha.bblc Bridge and so farther up a River called Hal fax Hrooke, to the Town of Half ax, is committed, be received; that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel,' against the said Bill, if they think fit.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Importing of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill ▼iftoul from forlicenfing the Importation of Viftnal and ,r*,aDd

other Parts beyond the Seas, into Scotland, iu Time of Scot,*od’ Death and Scarcity, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout} and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

The House being informed, that Satisfaction had been Prml«f*> given to the Right honourable the Earl of Barrymore, in the Kinedom of Ireland, a Member of this Doafe inre* lation to the Breach ot Privilege complained of the 19th Day of January last;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

The House being informed, that One of the Sheriffs of London attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the

House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London,in Common Council assembled.

And then he withdrew.

Then the said Petition was read; setting forth. That, CUndtftin. notwithstanding the many A3s of Parliament that have been made to hinder the Exportation of Wool from the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, yet the feme have not proved effectual to prevent so great and crying an Evil: That to the unipeakable Grief of the Petitioners, and to the absolute Uestruction of the Trade and Manufactures of these Kingdoms, great Quautites of Wool are every Year clandestinely exported to France, and other foreign Coun tries, by means whereof th in particular are enabled not only to rival, but even to undersell, us in Cloths, and other Xf anufactures of Wool, in most foreign Markets, to the inesxpreflible Detriment of the Commerce of these Kingdoms, and their own 'm~ menceGain and Advantage; since it is well known, that, by means of One Pack of B^gfish or It’ifik Wool, they are enabled to work up Two Packs of their own, which, without that Help they could not. make use of, so as to interfere, in any considerable Degree with the Manufactures of this Nation: That, if the publick Notoriety of this destru3ive Pra3ice is not sufficient to prove how ineffectual the Laws hitherto wade have been to prevent the clandeffine Exportation of ool, the Petitioners presume that the languishing State of our Manufa3ure$ at Home, the continual decreasing Demand for them at foreign Markets, together with the l°w Price to which Wool, that great Staple of these jCingdoms, is already reduced, mull fully shew, that some more effectual Means are necessary to put a Stop to meExportatioD of it, and thereby preserve to these Kingdoms that inefti.

m«b)0

12° — 130 Februarii.

A. 1740.

mable Gift of Providence, the very Vitals of our Commerce, the chief, and almoil only, Source of the Riches and Grandeur of the Nation: And therefore praying. That this House will take the Prenaifes into their moll serious Consideration; and provide a Relief adequate to the vast Importance of the Cafe, in such Manner as to this House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the \yhofe House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of Cullumpt in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Seizures of The House being informed, that a Person from the Wool. Commissioneirs of the Customs attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Housert pursuant to their Order,

An Account of Wool seized by the Officers of the Customs in England for Seven Years, to 1740.

Aud then he withdrew.

And" the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Wakefield A Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and

to PontcfVaft Commpnalty, of the City o was presented to

Roads! t|ie House, and read; representing to the House, That the Bill, now depending, for repairing the Roads from Wetland, on the River A to Wiairfield, will be of great

Advantage to those Parts: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Pontefrad, and from thence to a Place called in the Township of Hen/all, and from Pontefract to in the

Township of Darrington, in the West Riding of the County of York,is committed.

ciamhfiine A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clothiers, and others,

Ex|i()i-hit".n Inhabitants of Durjley, in the County of was ot Wool. j)resented to the House, and read; complaining of the great Decay of the Woollen Manufacture, which the Petitioners attribute to the running of Wool, and the Practice many Perfotis have taken of late Years to setup the Trade, and exercise the Mystery, of Cloth-making, without having served a lawful Apprenticeship to the fame: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and make such Provision therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of Cullu in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Portsmouth Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wm. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgefsto serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, in the room of the honourable Charles Stewart Esquire, decerned.

An ingrossed Bill to impower J Porter, James Porter*,&c. Bourdieu, and Abraham Defmarelte, to import a certain Import of Quantity of raw Silk, of the Growth’ of Spain, from Leg- sPa,1|ft» s,1k-horn, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to impower Joseph Porter, James Bourdieu, and Abraham Defmare11c, to import a certain Quantity

of raw Silk, of the Growth of Spain, from Leghorn.

Ordered, That' Mr. Alderman Perry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of 'the Day being read, for the House to Clandestine resolve it/elf into a Committee of the whole House, to Exportation consider of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal of Wool. Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of Cullumpton, ill the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itt’elf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Sufferers by night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Fir*at House, to consider of the Petition of Fury, ^a^e,towD'

Agent to his Majesty’s Province of South Carolina, in Carolina.

/lie Behalf of the distressed Inhabitants of Charles Town, in the said Province.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

-----_______!ii_

Vmerts, 130 die Februarii;

Anno 14° Georgii II41 Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

AMOTION being made, That an humble Address Motion for be presented to his Majesty, Thiit he will be Removal of

I J w 1 Q- n %ttt I

graciously pleased to remove the Right honourably Sir ^1"’wal" 'Robert Walpole, Knight of the Most noble Order of the *>°e Garter,‘Firfi Commissioner for executing the Office of Treafrtrcf ‘6f the Exchequer, Chancellor and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, and One of his Majesty’s m6ft honourable Privy Council, from his Majesty’s Presence and Councils forever

The House was moved, That the Journal of the Houlj?,

.of the 18th Day of November 1685, of the 18th Day of November 1689, of the 7th Day of 16th

Day of February 1693, and of the yth Day of November 1696, in relation to the Proceedings of the House, in the1 same of John Cook Esquire, Captain Churchill, the Lord Viscount Falkland, and Mr. Manley, Members of this House, might'be read:

And the same were read accordingly.

And /he Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to rCmOve the bight honourable Sir Robert pole, Knight of the Most noble Order of the Garter,

First Commissioner for executing the Office of Treasurer of the Exchequer, Chancellor and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, and One of his Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council, from his Majesty’s Presence and Councils for ever;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

1 , ,1 , An ingrossed Bill for the better securing the Freedom

Jamming the _ ° T o,

Number of ©t Parliaments, by limiting the Plumber of Officers m Officer* in the House of Commons, was read the Third time., the House. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tellers for t he Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

Lord Limerick,

Sir John Barnard: Mr. Pelham,

Mr. Howe.

So it passed in the Negative.

The Orders of the Day boi. Ordered, That the further i Petition of John lquirv

| 106. J- 290.

Reading -cuon.

i4 Geo. II.

13 ° — 16° Februarit.

49

Election and Return for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks,be further adjourned till Morning next.

Increase of Ordered, That the Bill for the Encouragement and Seamen, tcc. ]ncrease of Seamen, and for the better' and speedier Manning his Majesty’s Fleet, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Serenoaks Ordered, That the further consideration of the Report Itoad. from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Highways leading from Sevenoaks to Woodsgate and Tunbridge , in the County of Kent; and the other of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the First,

for enlarging the Terra granted by the said Act, and for explaining and making the same more effectual; and for amending the Highways leading from Woodsgate to Kip-ping's Cross; and for repairing the Roads from thence to Lumberhurst Pound, and Pullen's Hill, in the lame

County, and to Flimwell Tent, in the County of Suffer; was committed; be further adjourned till Morning next.

And then the House, having continued to fit till after Three of the Clock on Morning,

adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 16° die Februarii;

Anno 14* Georgii II" Regis, 1740.

Navigation A PETITION of the Merchants, Traders, Manu-ga ion. facturerSj and Inhabitants, of the Town of Man-

chester, in the Courity Palatine of and Parts

adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, the Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, in the said Town of Manchester, and Parts adjacent; and also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Tiadefmen, Clothiers, Land-owners, and principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of Rochdale, in the County of Lanca/ler, and Parts adjacent, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, Clothiers, and Inhabitants, of the said Parish, and Parts adjacetii;

Were severally presented to the I louse, and read; representing the Advantages which will accrue to the Petitioners, by lowering the Prices for the Carriage of their Manufactures, if the River Colder be made navigable from the Town of Wakefield to the Towns of Ealand and Halifax: And therefore praying. That the Bill, now depending in the . , House, for making navigable the River Calder, in

' the West Riding of the County of York, from the

' Town of Wakefield to the Town of Ealand, and for continuing the Navigation from thence, by the Brookmouth,' to Salter-habble Badge, and so further up a River called Halifax Brooke, to the Town of Halifax, may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Wakefield to A Petition of the Borough of Grantham, in the County

Pontefract, of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; re-Uc. Road, presenting to the House, That the Bill, now depending before this House, for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Pontefract, and from thence to a Place called W>eeland in the Township of Hand from Pontefradt to Wentbridge, in the Township of Darrington, in the West Riding of the County of York; if passed into a Law, will, as the Petitioners apprehend, be of great Advantage to Trade, as all Goods may then be conveyed with much more Expedition and Certainty to Market, and at a Vol. 23.

Pr AYERS.

more moderate Rate than they now are: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pass into a caw.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of several Persons concerned in the Manu- Manafasture fasturing of Woollen Broad Cloth, mads in the YVeft ^shire* Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George,to explain and amend a former Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for the Better regulating the Manufacture of Cloth made in the West

Riding of the said County; and that, by a Clause int the said Act of the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty, all Woollen Broad Cloth, made in the said West Riding,

should bemeasured by the Matters, Owners, and Occupiers, of the Fulling Mills in the said Riding, who-should affix, at each End of such Cloth, a Seal of Lead, with their Name thereupon; and also, in Figures, the Length and Breadth of every such Cloth; with a Penalty on such Mill-men for neglecting or refuting to stamp such Cloth as therein is directed; and, by another Clause in the same Act, all Informations relating to false Stamping of Cloth were directed to be laid within Fourteen Days after the Delivery of such Gloth; and that the said Acts have, in general, been of great Benefit to all Persons concerned in the Woollen Manufactory; but the impowering the Mill-man alone to ibamp the Cloth at the Mill has not proved effectual to prevent the falfeStamping the same; and the Time limited by the said last mentioned Act for laying the Information for recovering the Penalties inflicted by the same Act, has been found, by Experience, to be too thort And in regard the said first-mentioned Act, being temporary; will expire at the End of this present Session of Parliament, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to continue the said Act for such further Time as to the House ttiall seem reasonable; and for explaining and amending the same, foas to obviate and rectify the Defects and Incanveoiencies therein; and to mtke <" such further Amendments to, or Explanations of, the 1 said Act, as may render the same more effactual for the Purposes thereby intended, in such Manner as to the House shall feepi meet. . ‘

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons, concerned in the Nlanufacture of Woollen Broad Cloth, made in the West Riding of the County of York, was referred, be revived.

Ordered, That the Petition of several Persons, con- . cerned in the Manufacturing of Woollen Broad Cloth, made in the West Riding of the County of York, this Day presented to the House, be referred to the said Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it lhai.ll appear to them,

to the House.

Sir John Barnard reported from the Committee to Recotery o(. whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in fmaUDetHt. the Third Year of the Reign of K.ing James 'the First* intituled, An Act for the Recovery of small Debts, anti for the Relieving of poor Debtors in was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and.found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered tile Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: YVTiere the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Ci«e*ftion severally put thereupon, some of them were diDa.greed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House. / ,

And several Amendments were made by the House

to the Bill.

Ordered, T^at. the Bill, with the Amendments,

ingrossed.

8 C Mr.

St» Botolph without A Id gate Church.

Ear) of Scarsdale’* Eilat*.

Waterbeach

Drainage.

Way* and Means.

16° Februarii. . 1740.

Mr. Alderman Perry presented to the House, accord-to Order, a Bill to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of St. Botolph without Aldgate,in the City of and

County of Middlesex, to rebuild the Church and Steeple

of the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the honourable Mrs. Lucy Sifter to the Right honourable Nicolas late Earl of deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by the Votes of this House, the Petitioner finds, that there is a Bill depending for veiling the Seat and Estates of Nicolas late Earl of , deceased, in

the several Counties of Derby and Nottingham,comprised in his Settlement and Will, and the Furniture there, at his Death, in Trustees, to be sold, for speedier Payment of his Debts: and preserving the Surplus to go according to his said Settlement and Will: That the Petitioner is intituled to a considerable Fortune out of the said late Earl of Scarsdale-’sEstate, in Right of her Father Richard

Leeke Esquire’s Marriage Settlement with Mrs. Mary Mollyneux, the Petitioner’s Mother, and has never received any Part thereof, nor is there any Provision made by the said Bill for Payment of the fame, which the Petitioner thinks ihe is justly entitled to by her said Father’s Marriage Settlement: That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, without a proper Provision be made therein for the Payment of her said Fortune, with Interest for the feme, the Petitioner is advised, that she will be entirely defeated from ever recovering or receiving the fame, or any Part thereof: And therefore praying the House to take the Petitioner’s same into Consideration; and that Provision maybe made in the said Bill for Payment of her said Fortune, with Interest for the feme; or to grant the Petitioner such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Onlered, That all that come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds; and from thence, in Two several' Branches, one throughBrct^erdand/for/07i, and the other through Bawling and Wibfey, to the Town of Halifax, in the same Riding; is committed; have Voices.

duce of the Duties on Salt, the Charges of Management, Drawbacks, and Discounts, from Lady-day 1731, to Michaelmas 1740; distinsruifliing each Year; and how the net Produce has been annually applied; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the gross and net Pro- ' duce on the Duties of Sali made in Scotland, the Charges of Management, Drawbacks, and Discounts, from Lady-day1732 to Michaelmas 1740; distinguishing each Year; and how the net Produce has been annually applied; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself- into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Refolotion; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please . to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into aCommitteeof the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, accord- punilbinf ing toOrder, a Bill for punifiiing Mutiny and Desertion; Mutiny an<* and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quar- e ertl0a‘ ters: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Delays of Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Caafe* after whole House, upon the Bill to prevent Inconveniencies iUue j°lued-arising by Delays of Causes, after Issue joined.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report Rfcorery of from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Small Debts. Bill for the more easy Recovery offinall Debts, was committed, be further adjourned till Friday Morning next.

Mr. Bromley reported from the Committee to whom *"e Bill for the effectual Draining and Preservation of Waterbeach Level, in the County of Cambridge; and to establish an Agreement made between tpe Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach cum Denny and, the Commoners within the said Manor; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to of them, agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the wlvde House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered>That the Account of the gross and net Pro-

Ordered, That the Bill for the Encouragement and Increa(e Increase of Seamen; and for the better and speedier Seamen. Manning his Majesty’s Fleet; be read" a Second time, upon this Day Sevennight.

1

Ordered That Mr. Lindefay have Leave to make a Motion*, it being. near Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

And an' ingrossed Bill fqr licensing the Importation of importing Victual from Ireland, and other Parts, heyond the Seas, Victual into Scotland, in Time of Dearth and Scarcity, was read from Ireland the Third time. to Scotland.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for licensing the Importation of Victual from Ireland, and other Parts beyond the Sea% into Scotland, in Time of Dearth and Scarcity.

Ordered, That Mr. Lindefay do carry the BUI to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1

Ordered, That Sir Robert Anjlen, Mr. Thomas Archer,portfn»outh

Mr. Archer, Srr Robert Brown, Sir Robert Clifton, Mr* Waterworks Corbett, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Corneumll, Mr. Evans, Mr.

Richard Evans, Colonel Howard, Sir Robert Monro, Sir Thomas Reade, Mr. Smith, Mr. Tonmjhend, Mr.

Mr. ' Vyner, Mr. Watts, Mr. Wyndham, General Wade Sir Geo. Cafwall, M r. Selwyn; be added to the Com*

mittee to whom the Bill to enable Thomas Smith Esquire*

Lord of the Manor of Farlington, in the County of

Clandestine Exportation of Wool.

Waterbeach

Drainage.

Tyburn to Uxbridge Roads.

14 Geo. II.

16® — 170

651

Southampton,to supply the Town of md Parts

adjacent, with good and wholesome Water, at his proper Cost and Charges, is committed.

own

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 1y* die Februarii; Anno 14® Georgii IIdl Regis, 1740. Prayers.

A PETITION of the principal Traders and Inhabitants of the Town and Pariflt of and Places adjacent, in the County of Somerset, in behalf oftbemselves and others; and also,

A Petition of the principal Traders and Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Wellington, and Places adjacent, in the County of Somerset, in behalf of themselves and others; and also,

A Petition of the principal Traders and Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Milverton, and Places adjacent, in the County of Somerset, in behalf of themselves and others;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of the great Decay of the Woollen Manufacture, owing to the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland, to France: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of Cullumpton, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the effectual Draining and Preservation of Waterbeach Level, in the County of Cambridge; and to establish an Agreement, made between the Lord of the Manor of W,aterbeach,

and the Commoners within the said Manor; was committed; be now read:

And the said Order being accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report:

Aud the rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments; be ingrossed.

Sir Hugh Smithson reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted andgiven by Two Acts of Parliament, one of the First, and the other of the Twelfth, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex; and for amending the Road leading from

Brent Bridge, over Hanwell through the Parishes of Hanwell, New Brentford, and' Ealing, to the great Western Road in the said'County; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the Billow it h the Amendments in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time,one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vol. 23.

A Petition of the Merchants and Woollen Manufac- WaUdv M urers of the City of Norwich,was presented to the House, to Pontefrafl tnd read; alleging, That the Bill, now depending ii* this &c. Road. House, for repairing the Roads between Wakefield, and Weeland, on the River Aire, in the said County of Yoi k, if passed into a Law, will be of great Advantage to the Trade of the said City, as all Commodities usually Pent to and from the said City, and the County of NTor--folk, to and from Wdkefield, Leeds, and other Parts of the County of York, may then be conveyed with much more Expedition and Certainty to Market, and at a more moderate Rate than they now are: And therefore prayjno.

That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for repairing the Hoard from Wakefield to Pontefrad, and from thence to a Place called Weeland, inhhe Township of Henfall, and from JPonte-fraft to Wentbridge, in the Township of Darrington -n the West Riding of the Coutity of York, is committed.

Punching Mutiny and‘-DesertioR.

Nether

Knuuford

Endowment*

Driffield

Iaclofur*.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters j was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve it self into a Committee of the whole House ’* upon the said Bill*.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Barnet:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill,intituled An Act for making the Chapelry of Nether Knutsford, in the Parish of Ra/ihern, and County of Chester, a separete and dif-tindt Parish; and for erecting a Parish Church therein, endowing the feme, settling the Right, of Presentation thereto, and other Purposes, without any Amendment.

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill1, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several open Fields, Pastures, and Commons, in the ToWnships of Great and

Little Driffield,.in the County of York; and for settling certain yearly Payments to the Prebendary of Driffield, for the Time being, in lieu of his Tythes, purfnaut to

Agreement, and an Award, made for those Purposes, without.any Amendment. Audalfb*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act BrincVman’* for naturalising John Rickard BritpaJczHan Eft} u ire, with-out any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing of Gideon Bourditlon. and (John Damd Billon, with Tome Amendment^; To which Amendments the Lords desire the Coueotrcmce of this House*

And then the MeffefigewS'withdraw. .

A Bill to enable the Commissioners for buftdjfS- WestminlUr Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of I Bridge.

minster, to the opposite Shore in the County of raise a farther SUm*of Money tow^ucd^ finilliing'tih^ -

Bridge, and to peflfovtu the other: Trusts reposed in them, was reada Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be'conop^itcted to a’ Committee of the whole House.

Refohoed, That this House 'Will, upon T'liuifday vennight, resolve it self into a CoattmiPee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesipen, god other Inhabitants of the Town of Af exnehefter, fey the County to Pontefrafl, Palatine of Lanoajler,on beUal f of themselves, and others &c. Road."

concerned iathe Manufactory there, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, arid read;, prayingtjfat the Bill, now depending in this House, for tepairing the Road from

Nat.

UourdilW*

Nat.


170 Februarii. A. 1740.

from Wakefield, to PontefraBl, and from thence to a Place called Weeland, in the Township of Hen/all, and from Pontefraftto Wentbridgein the Town ship of in the West Riding of the County of York, may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Clandestine A Petition of the subscribingGentlemen, Land-owners,

Exportation Land Occupiers, and Graziers, in South Holland, in of Wool. Lincolnshire,was presented to the House, and read;

complaining of the pernicious Practice of exporting Wool unwrought, and not made into Cloth; and that chiefly to France: and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-sids ration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Cullumpton, in the County of Devon, whose Names

are thereunto subscribed.

Indemnify- Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to injProtestant imdemnify Protestant Purchasers of Estates of Papists, against the Penalties or Forfeitures Papists are liable to, for not having inrolled their Estates, in pursuance of an Act of the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for that Purpose: And that Mr. Carew and Mr. Bramston do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ways "Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from and Means, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth: viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to>his Majesty, the several Duties on Salt, and also on red and white Herrings, delivered out for Home Consumption, which "by an Act of the Eighth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, were continued and granted to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, until the Five-and-twentieth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six, be further continued, from the Four-and-twentieth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-five, to the Five-and-twentieth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred Fifty-three.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Francis Fane, the Lord Sundon, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Winnington, Mr.

Earle, Mr. Treby, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Scrope, and Mr. Stephen Fox, do prepare, and bring in, the' feme.

Reading The House, according to Order, proceeded to the Eie&ion. further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of John Dodd Esquire, complaining of an undue Eleftkm and Return for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks.

' And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member produced Evidence, and examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify another Person, who voted for the Petitioner at the said Election.

And then the Counsel for the Sitting Member summed up their Evidence.

And the Counfel for the Petitioner were heard by way of Reply 1 and examined a Witness, in order to disqualify a Person, whom the Counsel for the Sitting Member had endeavoured to add to his Poll.

Then they examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to justify the Votes of several Persons, whom the Counsel for the Sitting Member had endeavoured to disqualify:

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member were heard, by way of Reply to the Witnesses and Evidence this Day examined, and produced by the Counsel for the Petitioner.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, That William Strode Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks; 1

Mr. Strode was heard in his Place, and then he withdrew.

And the Question being put, That William Strode Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks-,

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.

}Mr. Hume Campbell, ’j Mr. Cholmondeley:

Teller, for the Noe.,

}»33-

141.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That John Dodd Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Reading, in the County of

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks,by rating out the Name of William Strode Esquire, and inserting the Name of John Dodd Esquire, instead thereof.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Com used in night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Distillation. to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Land-holders, Maltsters, and Brewers, in the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, and Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others concerned in the Growth of Corn, and the Manufacture and Use of Malt, was referred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Offices and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Employ menu. House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the'Report Sevenoaks from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Roads. Terms and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Highways leading from Sevenoaksto Woodsgate, and Tunbridge Win the Coun-ty of Kent;and the other of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the' First, for enlarging the Term granted by the said Act, and for explaining and making the same more effectual, and for amending the Highways leading from Woodsgate to Kipping's Cross, and for repairing the Roads from thence to Lamberhurjt Pound and Puller!s Hill, in the said County, and to.Flimwell Kent in the County of Sujex-, was committed i be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

14 Geo. II.

18° Februarii.

*>S3

Mercurity 18® Februarii;

SeYenaaki

Roads*

Anno 14® Georgii II*1 Regis, 1740-Praters.

r\RDE R ED, That the Order of the Day, for re- fuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging %he Terms and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, One of the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Highways lead

Mr. Ftantis Fanepresentecf to the House, according to Order, a Bill forgrauting and continuing the Du- Herrin*, ties upon Salt, and upon red and white Herrings, for a further Term: And the same was received} 4n<l read the First time. —

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second ti me.

Mr. Pelham reported from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Rice, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of pursuant to the Will of John Tuft Cientle-

______ ^__________^ _r____ __________ ^______ man, deceased, was committed, That the Committee

ing from Sevenoaks to Wood/gateand Tunbridge Wells,had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found in the County of Kent, and the other of the Eleventh the feme to be true; and that the Committee had c!i-Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the rested him to report the Bill to the House, witnou t any First. for enlarging the Term granted by the said Act, Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the and for explaining and making the same more effectual; and for amending the Highways leading from Wootff-gate to Kipping’s Cross; and for repairing the Roads from thence to Lamberhurjt Pound and Pullen’s Hill,

Rice*!

Name*

of Sussex; was committed

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report:

And the rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Carercpresented to the House, according to Or* indwanify-

der, a Bill to indemnify ProtestantPurchafers of Inflates >ng l'ro*

- - - - ’ — - testaot Pur-

l halers of

in the said County, and to Flimxveil Vent, in the County of Papifi* against the Penalties or Forfeitures Papists 52,

d; be now read: are habl$ to, for not having mrolled their Estates in pgpifuEftam*

pursuance of an Act, of the Third Year of t.V|e Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for that Pur-

pose: And the feme was received; and read, the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, accord-

Or^re^Vhat YheTill, with the Amendments, be Order> amended the Return for the Borough of

ingrossed. Reading, in the County of Berks.

Reading

tledioo.

Gainftoro* Mr. Vyner presented to the House, according to Or-Ghurth. f]er> a jy(|| fnr fjnishing and completing the Parish Church of Gain /borough,in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

’Recovery of An ingrossed Billto explain and amend an Act, made Small Debt*. in the Third Year of the Reign of the First,

intituled, An Act for the Recovery of Small Debts; and for the Relieving of poor Debtors in London;

- was read the Third time.

The following Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. L. To leave out "and,’* and insert "or."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: Aud the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King ,intituled, An Act for the Recovering of Small Debts; and for the Relieving of poor Debtors in London.

Ordered, That Sir John Barnard do carry the ' Bill to the Lords, and desire their, Concurrence. 1

Malt Duty. Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the net Produce of the Duty on Malt, from Midsummer 1730 to Midsummer 1740.

Tfeftern’* Mr. Bromley reported from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Thomas WeJlern Esquire, in the County of Buckingham, in him, and his Heirs, and for settling another Estate, in the County of Cambridge, of greater Value, to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement: and also for rendering* Power of Revocation, contained in that Settlement, more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended; was committed: That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Vol. 23.

Ordered, ThatMr.fl’aftly Mr RramJlonm Cirencester

Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Prom), Mr. Chqfin^ Jvlr. Wood- Read*. house. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Compton Sir Wat.

Courteney, and Mr. Thomas Gore, be added to’the Committee to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Kino- George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Cirencester Town’s Ena to St. John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester ,ts committed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Soypiy.

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read. for the Hdufe to t»refeTvatio» resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Highway*, upon the Bill for the better Prefer vation of the pftblick.

Roads of that Part of Great Britain called,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, -tefblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upop the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day Being read 5 f

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Cause* after whole House, upon the Bill to prevent inconveuiencies iiru« joined, arid tig by Delays of Causes after issue joined.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Harley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Harley reported from the Copimittee, That they

had made some rrogress in the Bill: And that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Cpn*mittee°t the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of trie Clock-

to

54

190 Februarii. A. 1740,

Jovts, 19* Februarii;

Anno 14* Georgii II" Regis, 1740.

PRAVEIS.

SIR Robert Long reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers &c!'Roads! granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First. intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from / forfeit/Uprient Gate, leading down in the County of Wilts, to the 'fop of Hill, in the

Parish of Box', in the said County, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Silk The I Joufe being informed, that Air. from

exported. the ConuniflioncrsoftheCuftonis, attended at ftieDoor;

He was called in: and, at the Bar, presented to the House pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Value of manufactured Silk exported, from Chrifmas 1720 to Christmas 1740; distin-

guishing each Country, and each Year. And also.

An Account of what Quantity of manufactured Silk has been exported from Christmas 1720 to Christmas 1740; distiuguishing each Country, and each Year. And then lie withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Pa-' pers of this Sdliou.

Westem’s An ingrossed Bill from the.Lords, intituled, An Act Eftat?. for vesting the leltledErtate of Thomas Western Esquire, in the County of Buckingjn. him, and his lleir$, and for settling another Estate, in the County of 'bridge,of greater Value, to the Cfes of his Marriage Settlement; and also for rendering a Power of Revocation, contained in that Settlement,ipore etteftua)-for the Purposes thereby intended;. was read the Third time. RefolvedThat the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That M r. Bromley dp, carry the Bijl so vthe Lords, and acquaint them, , That this House bath agreed to the fame, without any Amepdiqent.

W*kefie1<l to Sir Miles Stapyllon reported from the Committee to

Pontefract, whom the Uil) for repairing the R#ad from Wakefield kc. Road. ’ to Pontefract, and from thence to a Place called ffee-

land, in the Township of and from PontefraB

to Wentbridge, in the Township of Dar ring ton, in the West Itiding-of the County pt was committed. That the Committee liad.examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee Jud gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by cine; and, upon the Question severally pul thereupon, were, with Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrotfed.

r tamlefiinc A Petition of several G raliers. Owners and Occupiers

Exportation of Lands, Breeders and Feeders of Sheep, Tradeiinen

of n Odii A

and Dealers in the Woollen Manufactures of the Co-rough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, And of the several Parilliesof Wrangle, lx ah. Lever ton, Bennington,

Butteneick, Friiston, Fishtoft, Skirbeck cum Quarter, Wiberton, Frampton, Kirton, Wigtojl, and Sutter ton, in the Parts of Holland, and said County of Lincoln, in behalf of themselves, and a great many other Breeders and Feeders of Sheep, Owners and Occupiers-of Lands, and Dealers in the Woollen Trade, was presented to the House, and read; complaining the Exportation of great Quantities of unmamr-fastured Wool from England and Ireland into foreign Parts beyond the Seas: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of Cullumpton, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Sir John Barnard presented to the House, according Reftratnhig

to Order, a Bill to explain and amend so much of an certain Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Schemes Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for merK* better securing certain Powers and Privileges intended to be granted by his Majesty by Two Charters, for Assurance of Ships and Merchandizes at Sea, and for lending Money upon Bottomry; and for restraining several extravagant and unwarrantable Practices therein mentioned; as relates to the extravagant and unwarrantable Practices therein mentioned: And thtf same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be printed.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee to whom Vanghan*

the Bill for impoweringGreyn VaughanEftpiire.and his Efia*e, Wife, and their Sons, to make Leases of the Manor of Kingston Seymour, in the Coiiuty of for Lives,

or Years determinable on Deaths, according to the Custom of the Country, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee* had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had, directed him to report to1 the House; and In* read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,-in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Seftindtime, one by one; and, tipon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he ingrofii*d;r- !

’ 1 Att-ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Rice'*

to enable -JohnRice, arid his Heirs, to take and use the Name.

Surname of Tutt,pursuant to the Will of John Tult r

Gentleman, dedeased, \Vas read the Third time.

y-Refolded, That t he Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr/ Pelham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed

to tile fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for granting and continuing the Duties upon Paries ©a Salt, and upon Red ami White Herrings, for a further *S4‘,t,3n<1 Terrti, was read a Second time. , Ucmuga.

Resolved, That the Dili he committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House'.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itfdf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Office* an* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole lloule upon Eu,r1°}info*' the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify thenifelve* for Offices and Employments within the

Time

Tcftdt with

Persia

through

EuHia.

Sufferer* by Fire at Charles* town. South Carolina.

Dec

Navigation.

Duty on Malt.

Royfton, Arc. Hoads.

14 Geo. If.

19* — so® Febmarii.

6SS

Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; foe now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House relblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and madefeve-ral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleafd to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for opening a Trade to and from Persia through Russia, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Seven- night, resolve itself into Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of Peregrine , Agent to his Majesty’s Province of South , in

the Behalf of the distrefi’ed Inhabitants of Charles Town in the said Province.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Moruing, Nine of the Clock.

\orkshire.

Veneris, 20° die Februarii;

Anno 14® Georgii Ildi Regis, 1740. ' Prayers.

MR. Brereton reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for uniting the Undertakers for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of into a Com-

pany, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through ihe Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, wit h an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolled.

The House being informed, that Mr. Comyns, Ac-comi^ant Generalof the Excise, attended at the Door; He was c alled in; and, at the Bar, presented to the

House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the net Produce of the Duty on Malt from Mid Jammer 1730 to Midsummer 1740.

And then lit* withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to he perused by the Members of the House. The laid Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Selliou.

Mr. Clarke reported from the Committee to whom the Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers granted by "Three several Acts, made in the Ninth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending the Jlighways leading from Rin the County of VOL.

Hertford,' to Watidtfofd Bridge, iti the County rtf Huntingdon, so far as the same relate to the Roads !y i ng in the Middle and South Divisions of the said Highways, was committed, That the Coitirhittee had ex a- mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lanl<; to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereilnto 3 which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his P^ce, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were onee. read throughout; and then a Second time, o ly, One; arid, upon the Question severally put thereupon weie agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, He ingrotfed.

Mr. Cholmley Turner reported from the Committee IManofeAuft to whom the Petitions of several Persons concerned ot cl,th in the Manufacture of Woollen Broad Cloth* made in the West Riding of the County of , were referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions { and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards-delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was tead; and is as follows; via.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reisrp of h|8 late Majesty King George, for better regulation- tliC Manufacture of Cloth in the West Riding -0p t^e County of York-, and also an A.ft, made irt tin; Seventh Year of the Reign of his pfelerU Majesty, to explaRl and amend the aforesaid Act; were read.

Then Mr. Thomas Strother, and Mr. yohn Wade being severally examined, said, That the last-mcu* tioned Act has been found very beneficial to the Per-fous dealing in Woollen Broad Cloth, there beinonow Forty thousand Cloths annually milled whereas when the said Act took place, the Number did ndt amount to above Six-aml-twenty thousand. '

Sir William Milner laid, That the Stamping of Cloth by the Mill-men only has proved ineffectual to prevent its being tulle stamped; feme Pieces being stamped Four Inches in Breadth more than they^meafuve; which gives an Opportunity to the Merchants to stretch the Cloth to the Stamp, and thereby make it not so.fit for Service.

The Witness added, That, could the Inconveniencies aforesaid be remedied, the same would be a greater Benefit to the Clothing Trade than any it could possibly receive by the bare Continuance of the Act above mentioned.

Ordered, That Leave be given t.o bring in a Bill for continuing an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to e-x. plain and amend a former Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign, of his late Majesty King George- the First, for the better regulating the Manutafture of Cloth, in the West Riding of the County'M* Yor/t; ami for making the said Acts more effectual: and that Mr. C Turner, Mr. Ojbaldeston, Sir JX'Tties Mr.

York, Mr. Wilkinjon, and Mr. 'JT/itnnpJon of I do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Clarke -reported from the Committee to whom

the Bill to enlarge the Term and Towers granted hV an Act, made in the First Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road lead- ing from Chatteris Ferry, which di vides the Isle of Ely from the County of Huntingdon, to Hammonds EaU,

and from thence to Somersham Undge, at Somcrjhatn Town’s End, in the said County, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; winch they bad directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and atter\vatds delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks I able: Where the Amendments were once read throughout;

and

Chatteris Ferry KocdL

°°8

6$6 lo* Februarii. 1740.

and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

in graded.

Waterbeach An ingrossed Bill for the effectual Draining and Drainage, preservation of Waterbeach Level, in the County of

Cambridge, and to establish an Agreement made between the Lord or the Manor of Waterbeach cum Denny and the Commoners within the said Manor, was read the Third time.

The following Amendments were proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. L. 7, 8. To leave out " the Rector of Cottenkem for the Time being:"

Pr. iG. L. 38. To leave out " the Rector of Cotteuham for the Time being;"

Pr. 17. L. 11. To leave out "the Rector of " tenham for the Time being:"

L. 29. To leave out " Sixteen," and insert " Seventeen:"

L. 36. To leave out " the Rector of Cottenham for the Time being."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the effectual Draining and Preservation of Waterbeach Level, in the County of Cambridge; and to establish an Agreement made between the Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach cum Denny and the Commoners within the said Manor.

Ordered, That Mr. Bromley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Offices and Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported Employ. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom

moots. the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to

qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrafted.

Doncaster to Mr. Wilkinfott reported from the Committee to York Roads, whom the Bill for repairing the Roads from Doncaster to Ferrybridge, and from thence to the City of; and also from Ferrybridthrough , to

Burroughbridge, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allega-- tions of the Bill, and f >und the same to be true;, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: Anti he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That tire said Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday'Morning next.

1 *» '

fit. Botolph, A Bill to enable the Parishioners of the Parifla of St. nfjnl A*h" Botolph, without Aldgate, in the City of London, and urc County c f MulUUJexto rebuild the Church and Steeple of the said Parish, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Perry, Mi. Thomas Archer, Lord Vtre Beauclerk, Brigadier Bowles, Mr. Chester, ])r. Cotes, Mr. junior, Mr. Henry Fox, Sir John Crosse, Dr. butler. Sir J\ico/as Williams, Mr. Earle, Mr. Mr. Rcvell, Mr. Pipoit, Mr. Long, Mr. Lijltr, Mr. Laroche, Sir Edmund Ijhum. Mr. Yorke, Mr. Cqrew, Mr. Hume Campbell, Sir Edmund Bacon, Lord Sidney Beauderk,

Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Alderman Wittimott, Sir Geo. Champion, Sir John Barnard, Sir John,

Sir Robert Iwng, Mr. Longutville, Mr. Popham, Mr* Mackworth Praed, Mr. More, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Dawkins,

Mr. Hacks, Mr. Walker, Sir John Turner. Mr. Fere,

Mr. Bramflon, Mr. Pmoney, Dr. Lee, Mr. Shuttleworth,

Mr. Prow/e, Mr. Lockwood, Lord Gage, Mr.

Mr. Forrefter; and all the Members who fervefor the Counties of Middlesex and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Clutterbuck, from the Commissioners for exe- Half-pay cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Lat-Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

A Lift of such Commission Officers as are now on the Half-pay in the Navy; together with an Account of the Dates of their First Commissions; and likewise how often, and for how long time, they were respectively employed, at each time they have been employed under each Commission.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie on the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Hume Campbell presented to the House, accord- St. Georg*, ing to Order, a Bill for confirming and carrying ioto Hanover Execution an Agreement made between James Square,

Esquire, Henry Rotoe Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife Aorecn,ent* (which said James and Elizabeth were Executors of the last Will of the honourable William Steuart Esquire, deceased), and the Vestry of the Parish of St. George, Hanover Square, in the County of dlesex, of the One Part; and the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed amd deserted young Children, of the other Part: And the same was received; and read the First time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Din*. George, Hanover Square, in the County of on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Parishioners of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; reciting the Petition of the Governor and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance ami Education of exposed and defeited young Children; which Petition was presented to the House upon the 7th Day of January last, and ordered to be referred to the Consideration of a Committee, who have made their Report; whereupon the House hath ordered.

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for confirming and carrying into Execution an Agreement made between James Slexoart Esquire, Henry Esquire,

and Elizabeth his Wife (which said James and Elizabeth were Executors of the last Will of the Honourable William Steuart Esquire, deceased), and the Vestry of the Parish of St. George, Hanover in ths

County of Middlesex, of the one Part; and the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of cxpolcd and deil rted \ oung Children, of the other Part; winch Agreement, the Petitioners apprehend, is contrary to the express Words and true Meaning of the said Will, and to a Decree of (he High Court of Chancery, mentioned in the said Petition, and a Violation of the Trust a poled in the Executors of the said William Steuart by the said Will, and will greatly prejudice the Petitioners, and the said Parish: And therefore praying, Th.it the Petitioners may he heard before the House, by their Counsel, on the Matter of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill lie read a Second time: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Coue.icl, again (I the said Bill, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered,

t4 Geo. JI. io9 — 230 Februarii. 657

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Cloucester An ingrossed Bill for supplying the City of Wafterworks, with fresh Water, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: Ahd that the Title be. An Act for supplying the City of Gloiicejier with fresh Water.

Ordered, That Mr. Winning ton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Levant Ordered, That the Company of Merchants trading to Trade. the Levant Seas do lay before this House, an Account of the annual Charge of maintaining an Atnbaflador at Covjtanfinople, and Consuls at Smyrna and Aleppo, for Seven Years lad pad.

Ordered, That the Company of Merchants trading to the Levant Seas do lay before this House, Copies of the Charters granted to them for trading in those Seas.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Walpole reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred: And that he was directed by the Committee to move.

That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, to consider further of the said Petition, and also of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon NLorn- Preservation

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole highway*. House, upon the Bill for the better Preservation of the publick Roads of that Part of Great Britain called England.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Calmer Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for Navigation, making navigable the River Colder, in the Wed Riding of the County of York, from the 1’own of Wakefield to the Town of Ealand-, and for continuing the Navigation from thence to the Brook-mouth, to Salterhabble Bridge, and so farther up a River called Halifax Brooke, to the Town of Halifax-, is committed; have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Doaicafterto Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for -Salterfbrovke repairing the Road from through the Parish of

Road*. Renifon, in the County of York, to Salterjbrooke, in the County of CInfer; and also for repairing the Road from Rotheram, in the said County of to in the said Parish of Pen; is committed; have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Qlamktlina A Petition of the Gentlemen, Mader Clothiers, and Kash. nation others. Inhabitants of the County of was presented of 'Wool. tQ t^e |4oufe> and reac|. representing to the House the Benefits arising to the Nation from the \\ oollen Manufacture; and complaining of several great Abuses of late introduced; and particularly of the Liberty of exercising the Mystery of Cloth-making, without having fervea Apprenticeship lo the fame, or having a proper Skill in the Manufacture, and oftentimes without having any Subdance, Fortune, or suficient Stock, to carry it on; and also of the illegal Practice of running Wool into foreign Parts: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the further Regulation of the Clothing Trade, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of Cuin the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Recovery of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for refuining the Saul! Debt*, adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House to whom the Bill for the more easy Recovery of Small Debts, was committed, be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be further adjoorned till Monday Morning next.

Ctwdestine The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Peti-. oo1* tion of the Gentlemen,principalTraders, and Inhabitants,

of the Town ami Parish of Cullumpton, in the County of Devon,whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. If alpote took the Chair of the Committee.

Vol. 23.

Luna., 23® die Februarii 5

Anno 14* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1740.

PRAYE RS.

A PETITION of the Bay Merchants, Clothiers Manu- j

J\ facturers, and Land Owners, within the Parish of Ex^rtlfion Rochdale, and Eastern Parts of the County of Z+ancafler of Wool, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, as well in behalf of themselves, as others, the Bay Merchants, Clothiers Manufacturers, and Land-owners, within the said Parish and Eastern Parts of the said County; and also

A Petition of the incorporated Company of Clothiers in the City of Worcester;and also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, principal Tradesmen, and Workmen, in the Woollen ’ Manufactory, and other the Inhabitants in and about the Town of Halifax, and Parts adjacent, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and complaining of the great Decay of the‘Woollen Manufacture; which the Petitioners attribute to the Exportation of Wool to foreign Countries:

And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House to whom it is referred to consider further of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of Collumpton, in the County of Devon, w hose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill for empowering Gwyn Vaughan Vaughan’* Esquire, and his Wife, and their Sons, to make Leases Eftato. of the Manor of Kingston Seymour, in the County of Somerset, for Lives, or Years determinable on Deaths, according to the Custom of the Country, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An AO. for empowering Gwyn Vaughan Esquire, and his Wife, and their Sons, to make Leases of the Manor of Kingston Seymour, in the County of , for

Lives, or Years determinable on Deaths, according to the Custom of the Country.

Ordered, That Mr. Brarnfton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers

Sevenoaks

granted by Two Acts of Pafliarw^rit, one of the rjghth Road*. Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Highways leading from oevsnoaks to Woodsgate and Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Ken/, and the other of the Eleventh Year of the Reign or his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term granted by the said Act» and for explaining and making the same more effectual, and for amending, the

g E Highways

3° Februarii. . 1740.

Highways leading from Woods to and for repairing the Roads from thence to Pound, and Pullen's Hill, in the said County, and to FlimiL'cll Vent, in the County of Sussex, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. L. 17. After " Fowl to insert "fier s'*

L. 38. After " Treto insert William TrcortAlexander Thomas, Ralph Uvedale, Gentlemen."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by T 'wo Acts of 'Parliament, for repairing the Roads leading from Setenoaks to Woodsgate and Tunbridge Wells, and from Woodsgate to Kipping's Cross, in the County of Kent; and also for repairing the Roads from Kipping's Cross aforesaid to Lamberhurst Pound, and Pullen's Hill, in the said County, and to Flimioell Vent, in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Mr. PolhilL do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

D ft An ihgrofled Bill for uniting the Undertakers for Navigation, recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee,in the County Palatine of Chester, into aCompany, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 17. L. 19. After " that," to insert "neither."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the I louse: And the Bill was amended at the 'Fable accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for incorporating the Undertakers of the Navigation of the River Dee.

Ordered, That Mr. Brereton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Exportation of Corn.

Stealing of Sheep.

Porter’s, fice. Import of Spanish

Mierop’s

Nat.

Briocklow

Inclosure.

Sherfton

Magna

Inclouire,

Haddington

Chapel.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a Time therein limited, the Exportation of Corn, Grain (Rice excepted) Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Starch, Beef, Pork, and Bacon, without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to render the Laws more effectual for preventing the Stealing and Defiroying of Sheep, and other Cattle, w ithout any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the' Bill, intituled, An Act to impower JosephPorter, James Bourdieu, and

Deftnarette, to import a certain Quantity of raw Silk, of the Growth oi Spain, from Leghorn, without any Amend-

ment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Martin Kuyck van Mierop, without any

Amendment. And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Common Pallures, Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Brincklow, in the County of Warwick: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this I louse. And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields lying in the Manor and Parish of Sherfon Magna, In the County of Wills-. To which the Lords desire the Concurrence'of this House. And also,

The I/jrds have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for making a Chapel, lately built by John Esquire,

at Market Street, in the Parish of Caddington, in the IS

County of Hertford, a perpetual Cure and Benefice; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Burnaby* enabling Edward Burnaby, an Infant, and the Heirs Name. Male of his Body, to take the Surname of Greene, pursuant to the Will oi Thomas Greene Esquire, deceasod j and for other Purposes therein mentioned. To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition offeveral Clothiers, and others, concerned Trade with in the Woollen Manufactory, in and about Dedham, in the County of Ejffex: and also,

A Petition of the Clothiers of the County of and also,

A Petition of the several Clothiers of in the County of Gloucester, whose Names are thereunder written, on behalf of themselves and others; and also,

A Petition of the Clothiers of the Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester;

Were severally presented to the IJoufe, and read; representing to the House, That, should the Bill for opening a Trade to and from through Rtf-

fa, pass into a Law, it will greatly discourage the Manufacture of Cloth in this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the Bill may not pass into a Law, unless Provision be made therein to oblige the Traders to Persia, through Rvjfia, to export in Woollen Cloths to the Amount of the Value of the raw Silk, and other the Persian Commodities they shall import from Rujfia.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Nettleton, a Rufiia Merchant, do attend the said Committee upon 77 xMorning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Dingley, a Rufiia Merchant, do attend the said Committee upon Thu Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Gramotfe, a Ruff a Merchant, do attend the said Committee upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Bathurfi reported from the Committee to whom Cirencester the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Road*. Act', passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from C Town’s End to St. John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the lleport in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon WednesdayMorning next.

Sir NathanaelCurzonreported from the Committee to Earl of.

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Scarsdale’* Act for vesting the Seat and Estates of Nicolas late Earl of Scarsdale, deceased, in the several Counties of Derby and Nottingham,comprised in his Settlement and Will,

and the Furniture there at his Death, in Trustees, to be sold, for speedier Payment of his Debts, and preserving the Surplus, to go according to his said Settlement and Will, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be , true; and that tl»ey had also considered the Petition of '< . the honourable Mrs. Lucif Leeke, referred to them; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that he was directed by the Committee to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

ABiU

1-4 Geo. II. — 14° . 659

Dain(burgh A Bill for linishing and completing the Parish Church ebnrcb. of Gainsburgh,in the County of Lincoln, was read a Se-

cond time.

if efolved.That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Mr. Whichcote, Mr. White, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. , Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. PophSir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Fox, Lord Limerick, Sir Edmund Sir Miles

pylton, Mr. Whihcorth, Mr. Archer, Mr. Gore, Sir Nathanael Curzon, M r. Harvey, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Vere, Mr. Fane, Lord Sidney Beaticlerk, Mr. Fenwick, Mr.

Kir.Prowse, Mr. Knight, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Shuttlcioorth, Mr. Drummond, Lord Gage, Mr. Stephen Fox; and all ‘the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, and Foni: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

HodeWtJp- An ingrossed Bill for inlarging the Term and Powers right Gate, "granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the c. oa . *fteign pfhislate Majesty 'KirigGVorgr the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Hoad from leyUprightGate, leadiugdown Bowden Hill, in the County of I Fills, to the Top of KingsdozonHil in the Parish of Box,in the said County, was read the Third time.

Be/olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for iularging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty KingGeorgethe'First, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Horjeley Upright Gate, leading down Bowden Hill, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Kingsdmon Hill, in the Parish of Box, in the said County.

'Ordered, That'Sir Robert Lon"do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Chatteris An ingrossed Bill to inlarge the Term and Powers Ferry Road, granted by an Act, made in the Firlt Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Chatteris Ferry, which divides the Isle of Ely from the County of Huntingdon, to Hammond's Eau, and from thence to Bridge, at

Somersham Town’s End, in the said County, was read the Third time.

1BeJ'olved, That the' Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to inlarge the Term and'Powers granted by an Act, made in the First Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from ChatterisFerry, which divides the Isle of from the County of Huntingdon, to Hammonds Eau, and from thence to Somersham Bridge, at End,

in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Clarke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Naval Ofli- Ordered* That the proper Officer or Officers do lay ^er» widow*, before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Funds established for the Relief of the poor Widows of the Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy, and of the Application thereof, from the 30th of Augut 173a, to the 30th of 1740, distinguishing each

Year.

Way* The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and Means, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House^ to consider further of Ways and Means for raiftag the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

increase «f A Bil 1 for the Encou ragement and Increase of Seamen,

Seamen, and for the better and l’peedier Manning his Majesty’s Fleet, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Vol, 13. '

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Duties on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, errin8*> and upon red and white'Herrings, for a further T erm;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Doncaflerto Consideration the Report from the Committee to whom York Road*, the Bill for repairing the Roads from Doncaster to Ferrybridge, and from thence to the City of York; and also from Ferrybridge, through JVeatherby, t® Boroughbridge, in the County of York; was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resumed the ad- Recovery of journed Consideration of the Report from the Committee ,mal* Debt*, of the whole House to whom the Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Debts, was committed:

And several other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed. \ ’

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Prefemtron ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Highway*, upon the Bill for the better Preservation of the publick Roads of that Part of Great Britain called England.

A Complaint being made, to the House, That Sarah Privilege. Colby, assisted by Landeu Jones, Attorney at Law, his Son, and one Warren, a Sheriff’s Officer, did, upon the 19th Day of this instant February, at Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, make a forcible Entry into Part of the Estate of Thomas Revel Esquire, a NI ember of this House, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Electious, to examine the "Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hanbury Williams have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Shortloa

for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, lying in Magna

the Manor and Parish of Sherston Magna, in the County Inclosure.

,of Wilts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read. a. Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow , Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 240 die Februarii \

Anno 1-4° Georgii IIdi Regis, 174®-Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Brincklow for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Inclosur*. Common Pastures, Commcm Meadows, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Brincklow, in the Cotinty of Warwick, was read the Efrfi; time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Burn*by>* for enabling Edward Burnaby, au Infant, and the Heirs Name.

Male

66 o 2 40 Februarii. J. 1740.

Male of his Body, to take the Surname of Greene, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Greene Esquire, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Seunea Mr. Phillipfou, from the Commissioners of his Majes-«nt«red, Ac. ty’s Navy, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Au Account of the Number of Seamen, able and ordinary, which have entered and been impressed into his Majesty’s Service, since the 1 oth July 1739; with the Number that have been discharged, and by whom they have been discharged, and for what Reasons; as likewise, a List of the Seamen made run, with their Names, and the Times when they were severally made run.

And the Title of the said Account and Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and Lift are hound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Brarafter to Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into

York Road*. Consideration the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for repairing the Roads from to Ferry-

bridge, and from thence to the City of York; and at so from Ferrybridge, through Wealherby, to Boroughbridge, in the County of Yorkj was committed; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, were agreed to by the House.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be mgrofled.

St. Botolph A Petition of Thomas Kynaston, Clerk, Impropriator of without Aid- the Rectory Impropriate of St.Bwithout gate Church, in the City of London, and County of was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by Indenture dated on or about the 23d of December 170 6, Samuel Brewfterthe younger, Esquire, Impropria-

for or Owner of the said Rectory Impropriate, and Sarah his Wife, did, with other Persons, Parties thereto, demise certain Grounds, Parcels of the said Rectory, to the then Churchwardens of the Parish of St. Botolph, to hold to them, and their Successors, for Five hundred Years; and the then Churchwardens, for the Considerations mentioned in the said Lease, for themselves, and their Successors, for the Time being, did covenant and agree, that they should and would, from time to time, during that Term, pay and discharge all such Sums of Money as then were, orfhould or might be, rated or assessed on the said Samuel Breufter, his Heirs or Assigns, or on the Rec-

tory Impropriate of the said Parish,-or ontheTythesor Profits belonging to the fame, for or in respect of any Poor's Rates, or parochial Duties or Dues (Aids to the Crown excepted), and should and would indemnify the said Samuel Brewster,his Heirs and Assigns, of and from the same: That, in the Year 1728, the Petitioner purchased the Fee and Inheritance of the said Rectory Impropriate, and hath ever liuce strictly kept the Covenants contained in the said Lease on his Part: And that, if the Bill to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of St.Botolph without Aldgate, in the City of London, and County of Middlesex, to rebuild the Church and Steeple of the said Parish, should pass into a Law, as it is now drawn, the Petitioner apprehends, that he will thereby be made liable to contribute towards the Expence of pulling down and rebuilding the said Church and Steeple, notwithstanding the before-mentioned Agreement stipulated between the Parties, as aforesaid,of which the Petitioner

hopes he shall have the Benefit: And therefore praying,

That he may be heard by his Counsel, against so much of the said Bill as will affect him; or that he may have such other Relief in the Premifes, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, if he thinks fit, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill to indemnify Persons who have Offices and omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employ- Employments within the Time limited by Law; and for allow- menU* ing further Time for that Purpose; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to indemnify Protestant Purchasers of Estates Indemnify-of Papists, against the Penalties or Forfeitures Papists are liable to for not having inrolled their Estates, in pur- of'Papist* fuance of an Act of the Third Year of the Reign of his Estates. late Majesty King George the First for that Purpose, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and divers of the Claudestine Inhabitants, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture in the Importation. Town of Colchester, in the County of was presented 0 00'

to the House, and read; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture in the said Town; the Cause whereof, as the Petitioners apprehend, is the fending Wool to France, and other foreign Parts, from England and Ireland, which the Petitioners have the greater Reason to believe, because in those Years when France was lately afflicted with a contagious Distemper, and their Trade thereby flopped, the Manufacture of the ^own of Colchester was near double to what it hadTjeen for many Years before, or hath been at any Time since, and more gainful to the Parties dealing in it, though the Price of Wool was then also considerably higher: And therefore. praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of Cullumpton, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Journal of the House, Surrender of of the iStband 19th Days of May 1738, in relation to an Address of this House to his Majesty.That he would crown.* be graciously pleated to contract with the Proprietors of the Bahama Islands, for the Purchase and Surrender of their Title and Interest in those Islands, and his Majes- . ty’s Answer to the said Address, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for establishing an Agreement with the Proprietors of the Bahama Islands, for the Surrender of their Title and Interest in the said Islands to his Majesty: And that

Colonel

Chawton In do i'urc.

Scawen’*

Mata.

J. y

V

Lord Bar-

notion’*

Male.

Earl of

.Arrau1*

Matt.

Rovfton, &c Roads.

14 Geo. II.

2 jf'Febrharri

66id

Colonel Bladen,the Lord C Noel Sir

Charles Wager, Mr. Attorney General, Mr Solicitor General, and Mr. Scrape,do prepare, and bring In, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr fhurflon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement, and an Award, for dividing and inclosing certain com* Wn fields, apd a Common, called Cltaw ton Common,

and in the'Thirteenth Year of the Rtig* t

Majesty King George the First, for amending Highways leading from Royfton, in the Conn y Hertford, to Wandsford Bridge, in the County o Huntington, so far as the same relate to the rl'^a s lying in the Middle and South Divisions of the lai — Highways.

Ordered, That. Mri Clarice do carry-.tho Rut A® the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay Seamen before this House, an Account of what Parfpns-vyere taken up

under irei ¥nder

in the Parish of Chaw ton,in the County of Southamp- . authorized by her bte Majesty Queen under Jre»

ton, without any Apiendment: And also, Royal Sign Manual, or by the Lord Ijigh Admiral of

Ej}glanflf or by the Commissioners for, executing the Office, of Lord High Admiral of England, so receive; j and, conduct such Seamen, apd Sea-faring Men, aa fbqyty be taken up in pursuan.ee of an Act, paired. in the Fourth Yeajrpf the;laid Queen’s.Reign, intituled, An for the Fncoqgeropnt and Increase of Sea-

__________ . men; ap.d for the better and speedier. Manning her

The Lords have passed a BiljJ intit uled, An Aftfpr Maje,fty's Fleet j and s;ifo wjp^t Application^. were vesting in William Wildman, Lord Viscount Barrings mage, by such Pejfons to, the Justice^ of the F^eaee, ton, in the Kingdom of Ireland, for, Lite, cprhp#. Mel- and °ther chief Office^,.for eaufing priy, Searches, to, . .' V-.*-. , r , ’ be made, in pursuance of the said A$» apd s^n Account of the Number of Sefmen, or Sep-spring K^en, which were returned,tofne Navy, iivpqrfuance Qf such Application and |»^Jvy Searches UKewife ' the Charge attending fame. t

I ' — r r — ’ — j

.The Lords lip«Cpalled a Bill, intituled, An Act for yelling Parti of the Ty thes of in the County of Surrey, in Robert Scawen Esquire, and his Heirs; and for settling another Estate to the Uses limited of the said Tythes, by the Will of Sir WMipm Scaioen Knight, deceased: To wlpch the Lords delire, the Concurrence of this House: And. also,

fuages and Tenements in the City of Lomfotfa late the F.state of Mary Lady Viscountess Barrington his Wife,. upon the Terms mentioned iu their Marriage Settlement: To which the Fords desire the Concurrence of this House. , . t

Ami then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for enabling the Right honourable Farl of Arran to raise Money,'by Sale or Mortgage of Part of his Ellute in the Kingdom of Ireland, for Payment of Debts, and for other Purposes, was read a Second time. '* /:

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sputh-well, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir Nathanhd Curzon, Lord Middlesex. Lord 67 enorchy, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Winning ton, Mr. Careut, Mr. 8hippen, Lord Gage, Sir

Ordered, That the Order of the DftVrfotf the: H^mfe Delay* of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House Cause* after tg consider furthet^iFl tbie Bill to ;ptcv'ent In^onvfe- M'ue niencies>arising by Delay's of causeV aftwAtiftied jWa- 1

ed, be now wadi; \ odi - i j. . \

And) the said OrdeB being»read atfPrtikliri oVyr t >i i The House refol ved it&lf into the said ChrvrtnitteeJ t Mn Speaker left the Chair.: '; ':o '. tu‘.

Mr. Hurley took the Cliajr of the ^ortriltHtce. '

Mr. Speaker tdiimed the Chair. fi r < '

Mr. Harley reported from the Chdlttiitteei '.THat they had gone thrdugh the andlmtule- fb&Al Amendments thereunto; which they'/had* dAefted^ him to report, when the House will pleafel tt> ibeeive the fame. /. I ' *: iT -

Ordered, That the Report be received Xo-morrbw [orning. i«. T "

Mr.

house. Sir Robert Long, Mr. Mackworth, Mr.-Yorke,

Mr. Harvey, Mr. Treby, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Dawkiits, Ijord Cheiuynd, Mr. Wright, Mr. I troche, Mr. Corne-

wall, Mr. Baptist Levcfon Gower, Mr. Sir

Charles Iff or daunt. Sir Robert Gtv/venor, Mr. Evans, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Colonel

Bladen, Mr. Bawl. Earle, Mr. I)r. Butler,

Mr. Rotcney, Mr. Digby, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Fenwick. I.ord Charles Cavendish, Lord James Sir W. W. Wynne, Lord Limerick, Mr. Pultency, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Pmoney. Brigadier Bowles, Lord Paimer Jton, Sir Hear. Gough, Lord Mr. Eyles, Mr.

Longueville, Mr. Geo. Fox, Mr. Fox: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers granted by Three several Acts, made in the Ninth and Twelfth Years of the Refon

o

Queen Anne, and in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty King George xthe First, for amend-ingtlie Highways leading front in the County of Hertford, to W-and ford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, so far as the same relate to the Roads lying in the middle and South Divisions of the said Highways, was read the Third time.

Rejoined, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act to enlarge the Terms and Powers granted by Three several Acts, made in t he Ninth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, Voc. 23.

Morning

Ordered, That the’Order of the Day, For the House Preservattoa

- - - v of High"*/*1

i! 1

JuntesDaftwood, Mr. Pit t, M r. Hampden, Mr. Houblon,

Sir CharlesWaget\ Lord Stmdon, Mr. Proby, Lord

Guernsey, Mr. Compton, Mr Earle, Mr. Lifter, Mr.

Harley, Sir James Grant, Mr. 'RobertWilliams, Mr.

Hales, Mr. Wynne, Sir Thomas Mojiyn, Mr. Bromley, '

Mr. Shuttleuorth, Mr. Sandy si Mr. Gybbon, Lord Barrington, Sir Wm. Carew, Captain Baker, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Knight, Lord Noel- Somerset, Mr. Cart-

weight, Mr Prrnfe, Mr. KynaftonMr. Archer Mr.tq T^o]ye jtfeU into a Committee of she whole Houife,

Packer, Mr. lax, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. W°de- upon the Bill (or the better Preservation of the pubUck

Roads of that Part of Great Britain, called England,

be now read' . ,.

And the ftiid order being read accordingly*;

Ref dyed, That this House will, upon JMohday Mora-. -ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of tfa whole House, upon the fiicl Rjll-

The House, according to Order, refol ved Itself Into J puai(hing a Committee of the whole House,' upon the BUl fdr Mutiny and punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Duiertioa i Payment of the Army, and their Quarters. ",

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Font reported from the Committee,

That they had made fbme Prosrrefs in the Bill; and that lie was directed by the Comniiite* to move, of iW‘i.ttMaje% may have Leave to fit again. ‘

i Year of the Reign , ReJ°.lxxd’ 1,hlt/’ls P'n\-J^ZZToilZ

Morning next, resolve itself into a Ooranuttee or tue

whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se- Corn used ;a venniglit, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole piiliiiatien. House, to consider of the Report from the Committee to whom the Petition of several Land-holders,

Maltsters, and Brewers, in the Counties of Middlesex,

Essex, Surry, and Kent, whole -^Janies are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others,

8 F concerned

662r 14° — 250 Februatii. A. 1740.

Quit Rents of the Carolina*.

Iterant

Trade.

Bourdillou’s, *c. Nat

concerned in the Growth of Corn, and the Manufac-turn and Use of Malt, was referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Moruing, Niue of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 50 di j

Anno 14* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1740. Praters,

THE House being informed. That Mr. , from the Treasury, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, An Account of the Quit Rents, with the Produce thereof arising from his Majesty’s Province of South Carolina in America, which have l>een payable to his Majesty,since the palTing of an Act, made in the Second Year of his Reign, intituled, An Act for establishingan Agreement with Seven of the Lords Proprietors of for the

Surrender of their Title ana Interest in that Province; together with the Application of such Produce.

And then he withdrew. '

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Hie House being informed. That Mr. Reynardson, from the Governor and Company of Merchants of England, trading to the Levant Seas, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Charges at -

na, and Aleppo, aa paid by the Levant Company, in Seven Years, from the 30th June 1733, to the 30th June 1740; and also,

A Book, containing a Copy of the Charter of the Tarfcy Company.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account and Copy were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and Copy are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Gideon and John David Billon.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow^ via.

Pr. l. L. 5. Leave out " and;"

jL. 7. After "Geneva," insert "and Matthew " Houfman, Son of Christopher , by Elisabeth

his Wife, born at CaJJell,in Heffi

L. 18. Leave out the First " and, " and after " Billon," insert " and Matthew Houfman

L. 38. Leave out the First " and, " and after " Billoninfert " and Mathew Houfman Pr. 2. L. 17. Leave out the last " and :"

L. 18. After " Billon iufert " and Matthew " Houfman

L. 27. Leave out " and, " and after " Billon" insert " and Matthew Houfman

In the Title of the Bill, Leave out " and, " and at the End of the Title add " and Matthew Houfman" The said Amend ments, being fe verally read a Second time, were,upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Lindefay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lorddiips.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from CircncefierTown's End, to St. John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, was committed, be now read: And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceed to take the said Report into Consideration:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed, That Mr. Martyn, Secretary to the Trullees for establishing the Colony of Georgia, in America, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account shewing the Progress of the Colony of Georgia, in America, from its first Establishment; and also.

The general Account of the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia, in Amos all Monies and Effects received and expended by them,'from the 9th Day of June 1732, the Date of their Charter, to the ptb. Day of June 173s, as exhibited pursuant to the Directions of their Charter; and also,

The general Account of the Trustees for establishing' the Colony of Georgia, in America, of all Monies and Etfefts received and expended by them, from the 9tt> Day of June 1733 to the 9th Day of June 1734, as-exhibited pursuant to the Directions of their Charter and also,

The general Account of the Trullees for establishing the Colony of Georgia, in America, of all Monies, and Elfefts received and expended by them, since tiro 9th Day of June 1734 to the 9th Day of June 1735, as exhibited pursuant to the Directions of their Charter; and also.

The general Account of the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia, in America, of all Monies and Elfefts received and expended by them, from the 9th Day of June 1735 to the 9th Day of June 1736, as exhibited pursuant to the Directions of their Charter; and also.

The general Account of the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia, in America, of all Monies and Elfefts received and expended by them, from the 9th Day of June 1736 to the 9th Day of June 1737; as exhibited pursuant to the Directions of their Charter j and also,

The general Account of the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia, in America, of all Monies and Effects received and expended by them, from the 9th Day of June 1737 to the 9th Day of June 1738, as exhibited pursuant to the Directions of their Charter; and also,

'file general Account of the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia, in America, of all Monies and, Elfefts received and expended by them, from the 9th Day of June 1738 to the 9th Day of June 1739, as exhibited pursuant to the Directions of their Charter; and also,

The general Account of the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia, in America, of all Monies and Effects received and expended by them, from the 9th Day of June 1739 to the 9th Day of June 1740, as. exhibited by the Directions of their Charter:

And he also, by the Direction of the Trullees, presented to the House, Copies of Two Letters, a Repre-fentation, Sic. concerning the Colony of Georgia, in America,

And then he withdrew.

And

Cirencester.

Read*

Colony ©C Georgiy

14" Geo. II, 250 Februarii.- 663

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Copies Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morale re read. ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Copies do lie t *

upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the II°U c House. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I joule. ‘^erri

The said Accounts and Copies are bound up with upon the Bill for granting and continuing the Duties the other Papers of this Section. upon Salt, and upon red and white Herrings, toi a

further Tern), be now read:

Clandestine A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clothiers, and others, And the said Order being read accordingly:

Exportation Inhabitants of Uley, in the County of Gloucester; and That this House will, upon Morn*

of Wool. a]f0j ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clothiers, and others, House, upon the said Bill.

Inhabitants of Wootton Underedge, in the County of

Glonccfler; Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Clandestine

Were severally prefen ted to the House, and read 1 torefolveitftlf intoa Committee of the whole HouiVj, t-> importation complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manu- consider further of the Petition of the Gentlcmeu, priu- ot Wool‘ failure, which the Petitioners attribute, in a great cipal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish measure, to the Running of Wool; and setting of in the County of Devon, whose Names

forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a are thereunto subscribed; and also the other Petitions Scheme is laid before the Commissioners of Trade* referred to the said Committee; be now read; that will not only effectually prevent the fame. And the said Order being read accordingly: but likewise save the Nation annually fevetal That this House will. Tomorrow Seven-

Millions: And praying the House to take the? night,-resolve itself into the said Committee, said Scheme into Consideration; and pass such

Laws, as the House shall judge proper*. A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bide and Mr

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Thurston:

Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, Mr. Speaker,

to whom it is referred to consider further of the Pe- The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Neale's tition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inha- Sale of the Estate of John Neale Esquire, in the County £l,ate* hitants, of the Town and Parish of Cullumpton, in the of Backs; and forfettling another Estate, in the County County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto sub- of Wanvick, in lieu thereof: To which the Lords de* feribed; and also of the other Petitions referred to the fire the Concurrence of this House. And also said Committee. The Lords have paged a Bill, intituled, An Act for Jenning*

enabling Sir John Jennings, and George Jennings Ef- LlUw* Delay* of Mr. Harley, according to Order, reported from the quire, his Son, a Minor, to convey certain KVlates in Oiufe* afW Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Surrey and Hertfordshire, for the Benefit of the said,

‘M, JWD prevent Inconveniencies arising by Delays of Causes George Jennings, and such Wife as he shall marry, and after Issue joined, was committed, the Amendments the Ilfue of such Marriage: To which the Lords desire which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which the Concurrence of this House. thay had directed him to report to the House; and he And then the Messengers withdrew, read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s The other Order of the Day being tend for the St. Gem-g*

Table; Where the Amendments were once read Second Reading of the Bill for confirming and carry- I?*nov*r throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; ing into Execution an Agreement, made between aKmoU and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were James Steuart Esquire, Hehry Roux Eftinire, and Eli-

agreed to by the House. zabeth his Wife, which said James and Elizabeth were

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Executors of the last Will of the honourable ingrossed. Steuart Esquire, deceased, and the Vestry of the Pari ill

of St. George Hanover Square, in the County of Lord An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An of the one Part; and the Governors and Guar-

Barrington’* Act for vdling in William Wildman, Lord Viscount dians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Edn-EAaie. Barrington, in the Kingdom of Ireland, for Life, Cer- cation of expol'ed and deserted young Children, of tain Messuages and Tenements, in the City of London, the other Part;

late the Estate of Mary Lady Vifcomitefs Barrington, The Counlcl for and against the said Bill were his Wife, upon the Terms mentioned in their Marriage called in:

Settlement, was read the First time. And the said Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. And the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish.

of St. , Hanover , in the County of

fcawen’* An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Middlesex, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the for veiling Part of the Tythes of Ryegate, in the Parifluoners of the said Parish, was read.

County of Surrey, in Robert Scaioen Esquire, and his And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard j Heirs; and for settling another Estate to the Uses li- and examined a Witness, who produced a Plan of a. mited of the said Tythes, by the Will of Sir William Piece of Ground surveyed by nirn, at the Request of Scaioen Knight, deceased; was read the First time. several Inhabitants of the said Pari Hi, for the Purpose Rejolitd, That the Bill be read a Second time. of building thereon a School, directed to be built by

the said Will.

Cadington An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An And the Probate of the said Will, and a decretal Chapel. Act for making a Chapel lately built by John Coppin Order of the High Court of Chancery, ror carrying Esquire, at Market Street, in the Parish of Cadington, the said Will into Execution, dated the 3d Day of in the County of Hertford, a perpetual Cure and Be- 1736, being severally produced

Tu-fice; and for other Purposes therein mentioned > A Clause of the said Will, and Part of the said was read the First time. decretal Order, were read:

Resolved, That the Bill be read aSecond time. And the Vestry Clerk of the said Parish Was alfoe*a*

mined, as to the Number of Persons of whom the Vestry j&ifrpljr. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House of the said Parish consists, and the reflect ive Number of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, such Vestrymen present at the V efuy when the said to consider further of the Supply granted to his Ma- Agreement was approved, who assented or to

jesty, be now read; the said Agreement; and as to the Manner giving

And the said Order being read accordingly; Notice of the Meeting of the said I eftry:

Vol. 23. And

664 250 — 260 Februariu 1740.'

And the Minute Book of the Proceedings of the by and to in the

Vestry of the said Parish being produced by him, an Township of on the River Aire, in the find'

Entry in the said Book, relating to the said Agree- County; and that the said Bill, if passed into a Law, ment, was read. will be of great Advantage to Trade, as all Corr.m >-’

Then the Counsel for the Bill was heard.

And the said Henry Rowe Esquire, was examined, as to the Difficulty of obtaining a Piece of Freehold Ground in the said Parish, for the Purpose of building the said School; and as to the Application made to the Diocesan for his Faculty to build the said School on Part of some consecrated Ground belonging to the said Parish, with the Consent of the Vestry thereof; and as to a Prohibition obtained at the Suit of several of the Inhabitants of the said Parish.

And the Record of the Suggestions, upon which the said Prohibition was granted, being produced, Part thereof was read.

Then One of the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard, by way of Reply.

And the Counsel on both Sides being directed to withdraw;

Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

JoviS) 26° die;

- Aiulo 14* Georgii II41 Regis, 17.40.

Pit AY KRS.

Natal Offi. i^T'H E House being informed, That My. William ccrsWidows. Corbett, P^yqpafter of the Pensions payable to the Widows of t|ie Commission and W arrant Officers of the Royal Navy, attended,at the Door.;-

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presentod: toAhe House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the % Prod nee of the Funds established for the Relief of the

< poor Widows of the Commission and Warrant Officers - of the ltoyal Navy, and the Application thereof, from the 30th of August 1732 to the 30th of August 1740;

diitinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie uppn the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the oilier Papers of this Session.

ciiuidertine A Petition of the Clothiers 6f Stroudwaier, and E portHtion Places adjacent, in the County of Gloucester, waspre-otUool. fented to the House, and read; complaining of several great Abuses of late introduced, and particularly of the Licence taken by many Persons of felting up in the Clothing Trade, without having either served a lawful Apnrenticeship to the fame, or having proper Skill in the Manufacture: And therefore praying. That Lepve may be given to bring in a Bill, for the further Regulation of the Clothing Trade, that such further Relief may be given as to the House ilia.ll Teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition‘he referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of tire Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of iu

the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and affo of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

Wakefield to A Petition of the Mayor, and Aldermen, and prin-l’-mtetraft, cipal Tradesmen, of the Town, and County of the iic. ttoad. Town, ot‘Nottingham, was presented to the Iloul’e, and read; reprelenting, That the Petitioners have ffien in the Votes of this house, that a Bill is now depending before this House, for repairing the Road from 18

dities usually lent to and from the said Town and County of Nottingham, to and from Wakefield, and other Parts of the West Riding of the County of York, will then he carried with much more Expedition and Certainty to Market, and at a much, ejdivr Rate than, they now arc: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pats into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition dolie upon the Table.

An ingrossed BilJ, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Jennings* for enabling Sir John Jennings, and George Jennings Esquire, his Son, a Minor, to convey certain Estates in Surrey and Hertfordshire, for the Benefit of the said

George Jennings, and Inch Wife as he shall marry, and the llftte of such Marriage, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Thompson of York reported front the Committee E tland to to whom the Bill for repairing the Road leading from Leeds ltoad. Ealand, to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed, That the.Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to[ report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,-with the Amendments, in at-tht* Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report he taken into Confi deration Tomorrow Morning.

- , - . r ' r r; . 1

Sir Miles Sitipyltenreported from lhe Committee to SdbyJ^oadat

whom the Bill for repairing and enlarging the Riad? from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York,to the Town of Leeds, and fron\ thence, in Two several Branches, one through ford and Horton, and the other through Bowling and

fVibfey, to the Town of Halifax, hi the same Riding, was committed, That the Committee had considered of the Petition of the Freeholders, Farmers, and other Inhabitants, of Tadcaster, Grimfion, Tonfon, Slut/on,

Saxton, Scarlhingioell, Ulle/ke/f, Bark/ionAJh, and Kirby

Wharfe, in the West Riding of the County of York, and other Places adjacent; and allb the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Clothiers, and other Inhabitants, of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of

York; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and other Inhabitants Bramham, Thorner, Bartvick inEhnct,

and Seacroft,ami Places adjacent, in the West Riding

of the County of York; which Petitions were referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gonethrough the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report iu his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second, time, one by one; and, upon the Question i'c-verally put thereupon, with Amendments to fume of them, were agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the house to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent Inconveniencies aiding relnys of by Delays of Causes, after Issue joined, was read the Caul'e# alter Third time. ’ in.#joined.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to prevent Inconveniencies arising from Delays of Causes. after Issue joined.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

A Message

14 Geo. II. 26° — 27° Februarii. 665

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fide and Mr. night resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Thurson: upon the said Bill.

Ludewig’* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Trade with

Nat. for naturalizing Everard John Ludewig: To which the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Persia

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also, the Bill for opening aTrade to and from ,through

Importing The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Eujjia; . _

Victual from for liceufing the Importation of Viftttal from Ireland, and Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow at 1 weive

Scotland0 other Parts beyond the Seas, into Scotland, in Time of of the Clock, refol ve itself into aCommittee of the whole

Dearth and Scarcity, without any Amendment. House, upon the said Bill.

And then the Messengers withdrew. , That Mr. , a Merchant, do

then attend the said Committee.

Discotery A Bill to explain so much of an Act, passed in the __ Ordered, That Mr. Dingley, a Merchant, do of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen "then attend the said Committee. "

longitude. Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward Ordered, That Mr. Cramond, a Merchant, do

for such Person or Persons as shall'discover the Longitude then attend the said Committee, at Sea, as relates to the making Experiments of Pro- 4

pofals for discovering the Longitude at Sea, was read a The other Order of the Day being read j

Second time. The House resolved itself into a Committee of the p,niiiiing

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. whole House, to consider further of the Bill for punish- Mutiny and

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to aCommittee Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment Defcrtk>n-of the whole House. of the Army and their Quarters.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort- Mr. Speaker left the Chair night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House ^r* founds Jane took the Gharr of the Committee* upon the said Bill. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Comm it tee, That N«ak’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act they had gone through t lie Bill, and made several Amend-I&ue. for Sale of the Estate tfJokn Neale Esquire, in the Conn- thereunto; ‘which they bad directed h iru to report,

ty of Bucks; and for settling another Estate in the Coon- whfen the House will please to receive the same.

4y of Wancick, in lieu thereof; was read the First titae, Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Morning.

CUndeftin* A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clothiers, and others, [Exportation Inhabitants of Wooton U, in the County of

t Wool. Cqfery was presented to the House, and read; complaining of several great Abuses, of late introduced, prejudicial to the CIothingTrade; and particularly of Personis taking upon them to make Cloth, which have never been educated, nor served any Apprctfticeship to the said Trade, and without having a fuffioient Stock to carry it On: And therefore praying, That, as the Daws now in being have proved ineffectual, a Law may be made for the further Regulation of the Clothing Trade; as to the House shall seem meet. 1 ' 1 '

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-fideratiou of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of Cutt&mpton, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto robferibed, and also of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

St. Boiolph - Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Imven, Sir Geo. Cafivall, Mr. Olfnius, Mr. Slephen-Church! fmt> Mr. Horfmonden Turner, ^Ar.Lindefay, M r. Robhfon,

Mr. Alderman Marshall, Mr. Mr. Brere-

ton, and Mr. Cornwallis, bfe added to the Committee to whom the Bill to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of St, fiotolpk, without Aldgate, in the City of London, and County of Middbefex, to rebuild the Chnreh and Steeple of the said Parish, is committed.

C»lony t>f Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Ac-Gwrgia. count shewing the Pragressofth® Colony of,

in America, from its first Establishment, which was Yesterday presented to the House, be printed, as shall be fuflQcieut for the Use of the Members of the House.

.Wdftainftet The Order of the Day being read, for the House to rC*

solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill toenablethe Commissioners for Building a Bridge tyofsthe River Thames, from the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey to raise a further Sum of Money towards finishing the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven* Voi. sj.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

' Veneris, if die 'Februar'ii j.,i‘

Anno 14° Georgii II" Regis, 174.0.

Prayers. .:

A BILL to explain and amend so much of an Act, Restraining made in the Sixth Year of the Reign, of his late Majesty King George the First, i ntituted, An Act forbtetter fe-' Amenca. curing certain Powersand Privileges, intended tobe plantedby his Majesty,;by Two Charters, for AffortmCe of Ships, and Merchandises at Sea; and for lending Money upon Bottomry; and for !restraiding-several extravagant and unwarrantablePtafticestherein mentioned, asfelates to the extravagant and unwarrantable Practices therein, mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to aCommittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this Hjonfe Will, upon Wednesday Seven — night, resolve itself in toa'Commk tee of the whole House, upon the said Bill,

Ordered, That all Committeea be revived. Committee#.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road from Wake- Wakefield to field to PontefraR, and from thence to a Place called Pontefract, Weelatid \in the Township of iT^nfall, and from Pontic- *tc‘Road-fraft to Wcntbridge, in the Township of Darrington, in

the West Riding of the County of was read the

Third time. .7

The following Amendments were severally proposed tob® made to the Bill; viz, *

Pr. 3. L. 6. After , " Roger'Grill," to insert " t^e

« Right honourable Thomas JETcty Esquire, commonly " called Lord Dupplin ‘

Pr. 5. L u. Aftb# <tLime,‘ to irrfert " or passing " empty;" ’ ’

L. Ab.er f Lime, to mfert " or pa/sing,

"empty:", /.ft-

And the same were, upon the Qti&nion severally put thereupon, agreed toby the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly*

8 G Resolved,

Yunishing

Mutiny and Dcfcrtion.

Trade with Ptrlia through Kuflia.

Ditto. /

: . T'

zy° Februarii. 1740.

Resolved, That the Bill do p.ifs; And that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Pot'efraft, and from thence to a Place called Wee-land, in the Township of Henfall, and from to Wentbridge, in the Township o' in the

West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir Miles Stnpylton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deli re their Concurrence. /

' 1

Mr. Francis Fane, according toOrder, reported frolh the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bijl for punishing Mutiny and Defection; and for the better Payment the Army and their.Quarters } was committed; the Amendments which the Committee* had fnade to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report-in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendiia?uts were ouce'read throughout; and then, a Second titne, one by one; and, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and ;the rc-lt, with Amendments to Come of them, were agreed to, by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved. That the Copy of a Memorial of the Levant Company to the Duke of 28th 1739, which was presented to this House upon the 3d Day of this instant February, might be read: And the same was read accordingly.

The House was all'o moved, That several Parts of the Charter of the Ttirktnj Company, which was presented

to this House upon- Thursday last, in relation to the Admiliion of Merchants into the Freedom of the said Company, and the Power thereby granted to the Company to make By Laws, might be read:

And the hope were read accordingly.

The Home was also moved, That the Journal of the House, of the igth Day of January, in the 9th Year of tire Reign of King William the 3d; in relation to the Or-,49? I'w Leave to bring in a Bill for encouraging and iinproving the Trade to Russia; and also the Jourual of the Hoiufe, of thegth Day of Janr., in the iolh Yeai- of tb&.lieigu of King William the.3d, in relation to the Order fori (Leavp, to bring in a ' Bill for enlarging the Russia Tis^Ie; ting^the read:

And. t.^e dame were redd accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Queliion being put, That the other Orders of the'Day be now read;

.. , The, H^use divided.. V

’The Noes went forth. I ’ '

Tellers for the Yea*? Colonel' Bladen,

: er , ea‘ ’^.Mr.OJbaldefion: '

Tellers for the Noes' *Jr-

IM r. Roumey:

So it was nelblved in the Affirmative. ‘

20Q.

}fi

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a'Committee of the whole I louse, upon the Bill for opening a Trade to and from , through rRif/fia;

Ordered, That the Extract of Mr. Finch's Letter to Lord Harrington, dated Petersburg/i, 24th 1740, beteferrert to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Extract of a Letter;from &Tr. Pinch to Lord Harrington, dated St. Pelerjburgh,

' i 740, be referred to the said Committee. 1

Ordered, That the Extract'of a Letter from Mr. PY/icA to the Ixjrd Harrington, dated at Petersburgh, i66j

1740, be referred'to the said‘Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the JRr/V{//i Aferchants to her Czarish Majest/; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Extract of a letter from Mr,

Finch to Lord Harrington, dated Pelerjburgh, 4th Nov. 1740, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Extrafl of Mr. Finch's Letter to the Right honourable the Lord , 20 De-

cember 1740, l)e referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Report of the Board of Trade, upon the Papers relating to the Opening of a Trade through Russia to Persia, 1 ith November 1740, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

r. Mrt Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Perry took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.Speaker refomed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Perry reported from the Committee,

-That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the I louse will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuef-day Morning next.

1'he Order of the Day being read, for the House to Sufferers by resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to *)re at consider of the Petition of Peregrine Fury, Agent to his Xowr*South Majesty’s Province of South Carolina, in the Behalf of Ca.oiiua. the di(irelied Inhabitants of Charles Town, in the said , Province;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thvrfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of‘the

whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

% X

The Order of the Day. being read, for the House 'Anc'rrease of to refol vp itself into a Committee of the whole House) Seamen, upon the Bill for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen; and (for the better and speedier Manning his Majesty’s Fleet; ‘

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon t-lie said Bill.


The Order of the Day being read, for the House to j)ut;es OB resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Salt ami upon the Bill for granting anti continuing the Duties Herrings, upon Salt, and upon red*and white'Herrings, for a further Term

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a, Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered That the Report? from, the Committee* to '^land to whom the Bill for repairing the Road from Ealand to L$e<jsli.oad. the Town,of Leeds,in the,'W,eft.Riding of the County,

of York, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next. .,) - 1

Ordered, That Mr. Sandt/s have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock:

Anil he moved the House accordingly:

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wedneslay Levant Morning next, take into Consideration; the Chpy of Trade.» the Chyrtfjr of the Turkey Company, and the feveVal *' other Papers relating td'.the said.Company, which have been presented: to-this House Sh this ldft Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Commit*;-; Elections be adjourned. ", oiPrivilgfes,

And then the House adjourned till Mionday.

Morning) next. Nine of the Clock,


Burnaby's

Name.

Scawen's

Estate.

Levant

Trade.

Earl <*f §carfda!e*8 E(Ute.

14 Geo. IL

Luna.?, 2° dMartii;

Anno i4# Georgii II'" Regis, 1740. Prayers.

AN ingrrffed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Edicard Burnaby, an Infant, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take the Surname of Greene, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Greene Esquire, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

ReJ'alved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Piers, Mr. Evans, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Cary, Mr.

Mr. Treby, M r. Ofbaldeflon, Captain Mr. Drummond, Mr. Phillipson, Captain Cor new all. Lord Gage, Mr.

llarvey, Mr. Longueville, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr.

ton. Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Prvuje, Mr. Litre, Mr. Mach north, Mr. Sir Wm. Heath-

cote, Mr. Packer, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Lord Baltimore, Lord Sidney Beauderk, Sir James Grant, Mr. Hay, Mr. Witkinfon, Mr. , Mr. More, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Affleck, Mr. BMr. Scawen; and all the Members who sene for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, ami .1 liddlefet: And they are to meet this After, noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That the Rill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Nathanael Curzon do Carry the Bill

to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields lying in the Manor and Parish oiSherston ,in the County of Wilts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That ihe Bill be committed to ATr. Ilanbury Williams, Mr. Treby, Mr. Thom of I’or Jr, Sir John Ramjden, Mr. Henry Fox, Mr. Stephen Hoar, Sir James Lowther, Captain Cornewall, Mr. Plump*re, M r. Sandys. General Wade, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Mr. Gore, Mr. Proby, Mr. Pitt, NIr. Jhaigh, Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr. WoUaston, Mr. Cholm-ley Turner, Mr. Drummond, Sir Thomas Holes, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Tyner, Lord Limerick, Mr. Ueiuiet, Mr. Popham, Slr.Gybbon, Mr. Watts, Mr. Tourer, Mr. Mucks,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. AJJleck, Mr. Packer, Mr. on, \Ir»

Harvey, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Scrape, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Lord Sidney Beauderk and all the Members who fervefor the Countiesuf Gloucester and Hilts .* And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clocrk, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sherftoii

Magna

inclosure.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Tythesof in the County of Surrey, in Robert Scawen F.squire, and his Heirs; and for settling another Lllate to the Uses limited of the said Tythes by the Will of Sir William Scawen Knight, deceased; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel On-Jlow, Mr. Harvey, Mr Glanvi/le, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Packer, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Sandys, Mr. OnflMr. Gybbon, Clayton, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Prmtfe, Sir Win.

Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Southwell, Colonel Bladen, Mr. LindeJ'ay, Mr. Lord Beau-

clerk, Mr. St erf, Mr. Waif on, Mr. Hacks, Sir James Grant, Mr. Compton, Mr. Lockwood., Mr. Sir

Wm. Clayton,'Sir. Wortley, Mr. Watts, Mr. Bfjfe, Mr. Bowles, Si r Nath anaelCurzon, Lord Baltimore, Mr. ley Turner, Mr. Pra'ed, Mr. Drummond, Sir John -

cote -, and all the Members who fervefor the Counties of Surrey and Middleje.v: And they are to meet this Afternoon; at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed, That. Mr. from the Governor and Company of Merchants of England, trading to the Levant Seas, who, upon Wednesday ;Jail, presented to'this House, an Account, intituled, "An " Account of the Charges at Constantinople, Smyrna, and " Aleppo, as paid by the Levant Company in Seven Years,

" from the 30th June 1733 to the 30th June 1740," attended.at the Door, with an Account explanatory of the said Account;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, by the Direction of the said Company, An Account of the annual Charge of maintaining an Ambassador at Constantinople, and Conluls at Smyrna and for

Seven Years lull past. __________

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of she -said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused: by the Member'S of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed .{Til, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Seat and Estates of Nicholas late Earl of Scarf dale,deceased, in the several Counties of Nottingham,coinpiifod in his Settlement, and Will, and the Furniture there at his Death, in Trnftees, to be sold for Ipeedier Payment of his Debts, and preserving the Surpjus, to ga according to his said Settlement and Will, was read the Third time.

Vol. 23’.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into F-alan^ to Consideration the Report from the Committee* to whom Leeds, oa the Bill for repairing the Road leading from IHaland to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed, be now read:

And the said Order being read according:! 3 The House proceeded to take the said Lteport into Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were once read throughout; and tli< r» a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bS ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for pnnishing Mqtiny and JDofertion t, and for the better Payment of the Army", and Quarters; was read the Third time. '; "'."y and

UeJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that be, An Act for punishim: Mutiny and Desertionj and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarter Ordered, That MY. Secretary at AY ardo carry the to the Lords, and del ire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, flora the Lords, intituled, An Act j . for enabling Sir John.Jennings, and George Jennings Ea*tT' Esqnjre, his Son, a Minor, to coqvey certain Estates, in Surrey and Hertfordshire,f« r the Benefit of the said

George Jennings and fudi Wife as he shall marry, and the IiTue of such Marriage, was read a Second time.

Rijblved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. son, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Brereton, Colonel Bladen

Sir James Lowther, S\x JohnRunijden, Mr. Corbett, Mr.

Wilkinson, Mr. Treby, Mr, Cary, Mrs Yorke,. Sir James Grant, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Laroche, Mr. , Mr.

Walpole, Mr. Bradjkaigh, Mr. Bance, Mr. H’oUafon,

Mr. Harvey, Mr. Craioley, Lord Sid

Kynafon, Mr. Southwell, Sir.Courtenav, W.\\ bell. Dr. Butler, Sir W.W. Wynne. Mr. I anbury Williams, Mr. Fox, Mr. Curzon, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr.;

Evans, Lord Barrington, Mr. Harley, Mr. Owen, Sir Jof Pennington -, andajl the Members wl 10 serve for the Comities of Surrey, Hertford.and Kent: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Phillipson, from the Commissioners of the Navy, seamen

presented to the House, purfnaot to their Order, taken up

An Account of the Officers that were sent into the several Comities, to receive and coedutt ^uch Seamen a, d Auu# seafaring Men as were taken up pursuance ot an At

668

paHed in ihe Fourth Year of the Reign of Queen intituled, An Act for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen; and for the better and speedier Manning her Majesty’s Fleet: Together with an Account of the Number of Seamen, or feafnring Men, returned by those Officers to the Navy; and likewise the Charge attending the fame, so far as can be collected from the Books and Papers hi the Navy Office.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account he now read.

And the same was read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House to whom the Bill for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen; and for the better and speedier Manning his Majesty’s Fleet; is committed.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Sertion.

Recovery of Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the more easy

Small Debts. Recovery of Small Debts be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Ci.m.iestine A Petition of the Mayor, Sherirts, Citizens, and Com-

of Wool°n monalty» of the City and County of Norwich, in Common Council artembled, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manu-fastnre in the said City and County; and alleging. That the many Laws to prevent the Exportation of unmanu-fastured Wool from Great Britain and to foreign Parts have proved inefleftual: And therefore praying the House to provide such a Remedy as the Nature of the same requires, and to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Petition of the Gentlemen,principal Traders, and Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Cultump ton, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

Cartington An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Chapel, for making a Chapel, lately built by John Ef-

quire, at Market Street, in the Parish of Coding ton, in the County of Hertford,a perpetual Cure and Benefice; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ashby, Mr. Crawley, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Compton, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. KynajlMr. Prowse, Mr. Sir Edward Dering, Sir Roger Burgoyne, Sir Bolder Chamocke, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Mr. Treby,

Mr Carey, Mr. Brere ton. Lord Sid. Beauclerk, Lord Gage, Mr. Southwell, Lord Baltimore, Sir Soger -fiaigh, Sir Charles Wager, Colonel Bladen, Mr. house, Mr. Sandys, Mr. , Mr. Fane, Mr. Hay,

Sir Humph. Motion x, Sir John Ramsden, Sir ftMi, Sir Nathanael Curzon, M r. Lockwood, Mr.

Mr. Curzon, Mr. Ijtnguev, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr.

Wilkin fan, Mr. Disby, Sir Mr

Lord Combury, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Thompson, Sir Lowther, Sir Charles Mor Mr. Knight, Mr. Pop-ham, Mr Fox, Mr. Scaioen, Mr. Gibbon, Mr. Chetwynd,

Mr. Cuminghame, Mh Crew, Dr. Cotes; and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of Bedford, Hertford and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord Bar- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

nngton’s vesting in William Wildman Lord Viscount Barrington In the Kingdom of Ireland, for Life, certainMeffuages and Tenements in the City of Iwndon, late the Estate of Mary Lady Viscountess Barrington, his Wife, upon the Terms mentioned in their Marriage Settlement, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Mr.

1740.

tleton, Mr. Bootle, Lord Limerick, Mr. Mr.

Digby, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Prowse, Lord d.

Sir John Barnard, Mr. Yorke, Lord Beauclerk, Mr.

Archer, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Alderman Ileathcote, Mr.

Walts, Mr. Bathurjt, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Wode-hottfe, Mr. Kynafon, Sir Thomas Mr. Harley,

Mr. llucks, Mr. Manfel, Mr. AW, Captain

Mr. Carew, Sir Charles Bunltury, Mr. Mr.

Scawen, Dr. Cotes, Mr. Price, Sir James Grant, Mr. Plumptre; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Way* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to «»d Mebits. consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Preservatten resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Billjj for the better Preservation of the publick Roads of that Part of Great Britain called;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon WedneJ'day Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Increase of Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Seamen. Encouragement and Increase of Seamen; and for the better and speedier manning his Majesty’s Fleet.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. FrancisFane reported from the Committee, That they bad made some Progress in the ' Bill; and that lie was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

1

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Dutieaupoa. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Salt and whole House, upon the Bill for granting and continuing em, S*' the Duties upon Salt, and upon red and white Herrings, for a further Term.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee o( tions be adjourned. Privilege a,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

; Mortis, 3* die Martii \

Anno 14* Georgii II41 Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

SI R John Ramsden reported from the Committee to DoncaAer whom the Bill for repairing the Roads from a Place to Saiteva-called Redlfoufe, near Doncqfter, toWakefiddcanithrovgh brooke

the said Town o(Wakefield,by Dezvsbury, Hightoion, and Raad*. Lightcliffe,to the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding or the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the ikme to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

thereunto.

a* — 3*

boncaster to York Roads.

DoiicaAer to SaJtcrfbrooke Roads*

Trade with Persia through Russia.

14 Geo. II.

5° Martii.

r. 1

6 69

thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill* with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and,

A Message froth the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Recovery of tq explain and amend an Act, made in the Third Year

fun 11 Debt*

Was disagreed to, and the rdl were, with Amendments to fonie of them, agreed to, by the House. 1

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of then! of the Reign of King the First, intituled, An \ft , ’ 1 for the Recovering of fmartl Debts; and for the Reliev*

ing of poor Debtors in; without any Amendment. And also, _ (

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act bee Kav* for incorporating the Undertakers of the Navigation of getton. the River Dee, without any Amendment. And also,

' The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Roads from Don- veftiqg certain Manors; Lands, and1 Tenements, of caster to Ferrybridge, and from thence to the City of liam Htfdlejion Esquire, in Trustees, to be fwld, for Pay-York; and also from Ferrybridge, through Wealherby, mept of his Debts: To which the Lords deilre the Con* tq Bunfoughbridge, in the County of York, was read the currence of this House. And also,

Third tilme. ' The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to

The Amendments following were severally proposed enable Francis Thijllethwaite Esquire, and the Heirs to be made to the Bill; viz. Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of

Pr. 4. L, 19. To leave out " through," and to insert lied, pursuant to the Will and Codicils of Richard to;" and, after " Weatherby?to insert " and from bed Esquire, deceased: To which the Lords delire the

- Concurrence of this House.

And thenrthe Messengers withdrew.

Hu Jlcflcm’i EftaWi

Tfiiftle*

th waite’* Name.

1 or;" and, after " Barns,"

"-thences'’

Pr.‘2i.L. 26. To leave out " to insert " or Yards:"

Pr. 30. L. 1. After " on," to insert " or before:"

L'4, 5. To leave out "through," and to insert " to ;* and, after " fVeatherby,' to insert " and from thence."

The Order of the Day being read, for the iTotlfe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to^ copfider-further of the: Bill for the; Encourage merit and Increase of Seamep; and for the better and speediet And the same were, upon the Question severally put Manning his Majesty’s Fleet;: < ‘ ,

thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was A Motion was made, and the Qtteftion being put;

- ~ — - of the

whole

Itlerettfe Seamen«

amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Road from Dyncaster through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcqfter Cross; and also from Ferrybrid to Wealherby, and from thence to Bttrroughbridgefxnthe County of York.

Ordered, That Sir John Ramsden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Miles Stapylton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road from Done after; through the parish of Penifion,in the County of to

Salterjbrooke, in the County of Chester; and also for repairing the Road from Rotherham, in the said Co'upty of York, to Hartcliffe Hill, in the said Parish of:

was committed j That the Committee had examined the' Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; 1 which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report fu his Place y and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table-: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and several of them, being‘ severally read a Sft-ond time, wgre, upoq the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments, to some of them, agreed to by the House."

Ordered, That tfye further Copsideration of- the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Mornin g.

That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the House, to consider further of the foid' Bill.

The House divided. i '

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for tlhe Ye., j&JS*,/.,/

Teller, for the Noes, J^Jf* .!

So it was resolved in the Affirmative,

} 105*

The Order of the Day being read, for the tjovf&ta r 1 resolve itself into a Committee of the whole upon the Bill to indemnify Pro tenant Pure halers or

of his late Majesty King George the First, for that p^ pose;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The Order Of the Day being read, for the Hotife tp Com ofed in resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Ehuilation*-coniidbr of the Report from ftfie Committee, to whom the Petition of several Landholders, Maltsters, and Brewers, in the Counties of Middlesex, Fssex, Stlrry,-, and Kent, Whose Names ake thereunto subscribed, >in behalf of themselves, and many others, concerned in the Growth of Com, and the Manufacture and Use of Muit, was referred j

J^tfolued, Jbat this House wiM, upon Morn*

Mr. Alderrhan Perry, according to Order, reported' ing next*.resolve itself into the ibid Committee, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the.

Bill'for openings Trade to and from Perjta, through , The other Order of the Day being read j

Rujia, waa^ committed; the Amendments which the , An ingrossed Bill for the moreeafy Recovery of (malt flecovetf 6f

Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had I^eb'ts was read the Third time.

directed him to report to the House; and he read the / A Motion was made, and the Question being' put*

Report iu his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, TJhatj pie Bill do pass;

I The House divided.

The Yeas went forth,

1 Tellers for the Yeas . Ae;Mers ,<frtne IeaSTMr. Leathes:

V, TdlWSfo;«leN^.;

So it wasirefplived »a the Aflkmat've > a-tid that tbd Title be, An Act for the more easy Recovery of Smalt

tS* g jj Ordered,

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tablg: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question ie-verally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed tej, and the rest were agreed to, by the House. . .!

And an Amendment was made by the House'to the Bill. J ' '

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

48.

' -

7°

3* — 4° Mar tit.

A. r740.

Ordered, That Mr. Fox do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

The Order of the Day, which was postponed, being again read;

Indemnify* The House resolved itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Protellant chafer* of Purcltafers of Eftntes of Pap ids against the Penalties or

papiiia Forfeitures Papists are liable to, for not having inrolled Estate* their Estates. in purftiance of an Act, of the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for that Purpose.

Mr Speaker left the Chair.

' Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. S|>eaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they had gone thrpugh the Bill, and made several Amend* ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next. N

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 4* die Martii;

Anno 14* Georgii II*1' Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

Barbados* ri "MI E House being informed, that Mr. Datvfon, hidT r^" Ji front the Exchequer, attended at the Door;

Cent Duly. He was called in; and, at the Bar; presented to the House, purfuunt to their Order,

An Account of the Produce of the Fonr-and-half per Cent. Duty, that, has arisen from his Majesty’s Colonies, of Barbadoes, and the Leeward since his Majesty’s Accession to the Throne; with the Application thereof.

AnrUhen he withdrew.

And jthe Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, jo be pern fed by the>Members of the House.

The said Account, is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Gamtburgh Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom hurch. . the Bill for finishrng and completing the Parish Church , of Gain/burgh, in the County of , was committed,'

That the Committee had examined the Allegations:af the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; winch they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Re-' jiort was read.

And the House being acquainted, That several other Amendments were necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That tlte said Bill be re-committed.

QYdered, That the faits Bill be re-committed to the same Committee.

Doncaster to Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for refundn& bait*ribrooke the adjourned Consideration of the Report from th£ BoatU. Compiittee, to whom the Bill for repairing the l^oad from Donctfer,through the Parish of in the County of York, to Salt in the county of , Chester-, and also for repairing the Hood frOm m

the fetid County of York, to Hill, iti the said

Parish of Penifon; was committed; be now read:

And the said Oyder. being read ocooniingly;

The House resumed the adjourneil Consideration of the said Report.

And the Residue of I he Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, tipoij the Queiiiou severally put thereupon, several of them were difagived to, and the left were.with Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

v. O H 6

And an Amendment being prOposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out Part of a Clause therein contained, for restraining the Trustees appointed by the said Bill from erecting Turnpikes iu several Places therein particularly mentioned;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed, with respect to the said Clause.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the same Committee.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act IludlelW^ for veiling certain Manors, Lands, and Tenements, of William Hudiefon Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for

Payment of his Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ihgrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act’ for Sale of the Kliate of John Seale Esquire, in the County Eftne-

of Bucks, and for settling another Estate, in the County of Wandick, in lieu thereof, was read a Second time-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mri. -wall, Mr. Treby, Nr. Walker, Mr. Mackworih, Mr.'

Kynaston, Sir W, W. Wynne, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Man- fell, Mr. Carew, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Comptroller, Lord S. Beauclerk, Mr. Protvfe, Mr. Waller, Lord Gage, Mr. 1 Cornwallis, Sir CharlesMordaunt, Nr. Harvey, Mr.

Hungerford, Mr. Conolly, Mr. Lif Mr. Henr. Fox, Mr. )Vhichcote, Mr. Hurley, Mr. Longueyille, Mr, Thcnnp-

fan, Mr. Bramfoti, Mr. A night, Mr. Bootle, Sir John -

out, Mr. Gore, Sir Edmund Bacon, Nr. Ashlty, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Gybhon, Captain Cornewall, Mr.

Mr. Laroche, Colonel Howard, Lord , Mr.

Fox, Mr. Proby, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Packer, Mr. Williams, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Caesar, Sir Nathanael;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of

Bucks, Warwick, and GlouceferAnd they are to meet ' this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s:

Chamber.

; ' .: \

A Motion being made, That the ingossed Bill from Brincklow the Lords, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing loclosure. the Common Fields, Common Puftures, Common Meadows, and‘Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Br.incklow, in the County of Warw, be now read a Second time.

1 Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s ( Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty hail been informed of the Contents of the said Bill, and gives his Consent, as far as his Interest is concerned, That this House may do therein fas they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill wns read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill' be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Digby, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Richard Mr. Manfel, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Mr. Waller,

Mr, Winnington, M>r. Townjhemi, Mr. Fopham, Mr. Har-le?/,iSir Edmund Isham, Mr. Knight^Mv.Nydafon, Mr.

Cornewall, Mr. Gore, Mr. Longueville', Lord'A. Beauclerk, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr.1 Burchett, Mr. Sandys, Lord Baltimore, Sir John St. Aubiii,

' Mr, Clutterbuck, Dr. Biiller', Sir John Turner, Mr. Ro-

bert Harley, Mr. Bramjton, Mr. Infer, Sir Edmund Ba-

con, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Fox, Mr. Laroche, Lord Guernsey, \jovd Gage, Mr. Carew, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Cornwallis,

Mr.1 Packer-, and all the Members who serve for the . Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Northampton: And.

they are to meet this After.noou, at Five.of. the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, ... '

Mr. Clarke reported from the Committee, to w’hom Godmw-the Petition of the Gentlemen, Landholders, and Inha- chdtcrRoad. bitants, of Huntingdon, Godnianchefier, St. Ives, f union, and Ilewing.surd, in the County of Huntingdon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred,

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said f Petition. aptl had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the Hopfe; and he read the Report in ills Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; Viz,

T*

Fjfcrt of Arran’i mate.

1\wtfmouth IV at«f works.

Id create of S«a»u«o.

Trad#.

t4 GEO.IL 40 — -5° Martii. 6^i'

To prove the Allegations of the Faid‘Petition, Wtttjbn Powell Esquire, being examined, laid, That the Road leading from Godmanthejter, through to the

University of Cambridge, Is* by reason of the many heavy Carriages frequently passing through the fame, become so ruinous that Perton* cannot travel bn the feme with Safety; and that the said Road Cannot be sufficiently amended, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in being, but requires further Provision to be made by Parliament for that Purpose;

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the Road leading from -mantfrejier, in the County of Huntingdon, to:

And that Mr. Clarke, Mr. Pigolt, Mr. Bromley, and Mr. Shepheard, do prepare* and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Southwell reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Right honourable Earl

of Arran to raise Money, by Sale or Mortgage of Part of his Ettate in the Kingdom of Ireland, for Payment of Debts* and for other Purpofos, was committed* That the Committee had examined, and found* That the Banding Orders of the House* concerning Notides so be given in Ireland before any private Bill, relating to . Estates there, he brought in, had been complied with j and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the- Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The. Lord Gdge reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Thomas Smith Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Partington, in the County of

ton, to supply the Town of Portsmouth, and Parts adjacent, with good and wholesome Water, at his own proper Coll and Charges, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the' Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And a Motion being made. That the said Report be now read; .

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the lionfe, That hw Majesty, having be£n informed of the Contents of the faiii Bill, gives his C’onlent, That this House may proceed there-upon as they shall think fit. ' t*

Then the said Report was read.

Ordered, That the saidReport be taken into farther Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, pefolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the Encouragemeutand Increase of Seamen; and for the better and speedier Manning his Majesty’s Fleet.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Cop^mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

hefolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill*

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, take into Consideration the Copy of the Chat* Vet. 23.

let of the Turkey Company, And the several iftiieir Papers relating to the said Company, which have hetn presented to this House in this Selflon of Parliament.

RefolvCds that this House will; «ip6n Friday Morn- Supply.

Ihg next* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majestyi

Brfotvcd, That this House Will* upon Morn- Butiei upon

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole t*a,tand House, upon the Bill for granting and continuing thd IlemD8*-Duties upon Salt, and upon red and white Herrings; for a further Term;

Ordered, That the Committed Of Privileges And Cortmitteeof Elections be adjourned. Privilege*;

And theri the Hotlfe adjourned till To-rhorrbtr Morning* Nine of the Clock.

; yovisi 50 die Martii;

Anno 14* Georgir IIdi Regis* 1740.

Pa AVERS.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act THiltle-to enable Frdncis Thistlethicdile Esquire and the thwaite’s Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Siirnamp df Name* Whithed, pursuant to the Will and Codicils of Richard Whittled Esqiiire, deceased, was read the First time Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time

1116 House being informed* that Mr; Cnthn-

troller General of the Costoms, attended at the Door He was called in; and, at the Bar, preferred to the House, pursuant to their, Older,

An Account of the net Produce of the Duty upost Rice,fmce his Majesty’s Accession to the Throne;

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tablej to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Paper* of this Session.

T

Sir Myles Stapylton reported from the Comrtrittee*tcl Donciftefto. whom the Bill for repairing the Road from SalteWbrooke

through the Parish of Penifiun, in the County of York, to Koad-Salterfbrooke, in the County of Chejiclr 5 and svlfo for repairing the Road from Rotherham, in the said County of York, to Ilartcliffe Hill, in the said l^arish of was re-committed, That the Committee had made* another Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read thd Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill; with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the additional Amendment was once read; and, being read a Second time, was, upon live Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the Order of thfe T>ay< for taking into/ Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Right honourable Charles Earl of Arran to raise Money, by Sale or Mortgage of Part of his Ettate in the Kingdom of Ireland, for Payment of Debts; and for other Purposes was committed; be now read: ,

And the said Order being refad accordingly;

The Amendments, maoe by the Committee to the said Bill* were once read throughout 5 and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put. thereupon* were agreed to by the rloufe.

Oadered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

Mr.

i».i of

Arrau’* Eft ate*

\ '

6^1

5* MaV.

' A. 174©.

Lftate.

&c. Mr* Compton reported from the Committee, to whom

te, the Hill for appointing new CommissionersandTrustees for putting iuto Execution au Ad, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for vesting the Elute and Effedsof John Coggsand John Dann, Goldsmiths and Copartners, in Trustees, for the speedier Payment of their Creditors, and for determining Differences thereupon, and for making the said Act more efTedual, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time,one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, were agreed toby the House.

A Motion was made, and the'Question being put. That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J } 55-

Tellers for the Noes, j {£': }

So it palfed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and

Mr. Allen: .

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, an Act for vesting the Freehold and I^eafehold Estates late of Thomas Lewis, o f Soberton. Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for railing Money to difeherge his Debts and Legacies! To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Robert Duke of klan to make a Jointure 00 his present Duchels; and to make Leases of certain Parts of his Estate; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lards, desire the Concurrence of this House. And also.

The Lords have agreed tathe Bill intituled, An Act to amend the La# concerning common Recoveries; and to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second,.intituled, An Act for preventing of Frauds and Perjuries, so far ate the same relates to Estates pour autre Vie-, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords define the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Duke of Blanchester’s Eftale.

Law concerning Common Recoveries.

Manufacture Mr. Cholmley Turner presented so the House, accord-

*n£t0 ^rcler a Kill for continuing an Act, passed in the or ire. ggy.^jj Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to explain and amend a former Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for the better regulating of the Manufacture of Cloth in the West Riding of the County of York-, and for making the said Acts jnore effectual: And the same was received; and read tlte First time.

R'efolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Wage* of A Petition of divers Merchants, Exporters of the Merchant Woollen and British Manufactures, and Fisheries, as like-Seunen, Itc. Owners and Mailers of Ships concerned in the Navigation of these Kingdoms to foreign Parts, as also those concerned in the Coal and CoastingTrade, in behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the unreasonable Wages demanded, and paid, to Mariners in the Merchants Service

of late; which, the Petitioners allege, is computed to be more than double of what is paid by any foreign Nation in Europe, besides Crimpage, and a Month’s Pav advanced to each Mariner, to tlte DiscouiagementoftUe Trade of these Kingdoms; and representing to the Hoc (it,

That this growing evil, if not prevented by a Law, will binder the Mariners from ever eutering themselves oh board his Majesty’s Ships of War, while the Dispropof-tion of Wages paid to Mariners, in the King’s Service and that of the Merchant is so great; the Wages paid to Mariners in the King’s Service being aboutTwenty-three Shillings, and, with other Advantages, about Twenty-eight Shillings, per Mouth; when the Mariners in the Service of the Merchant are paid and demand Fifty-fifa?

Shillings, and Three Pounds per Month; and further ;representing. That as the Petitioners apprehend, the present Practice carried on in impressing Mariners from on board the homeward bound Merchant Ships, and from the Shore does not answer the End proposed; and that a great many Persons make it their Business to seduce and encourage Mariners to act edntrary to the Intent of an Act, made in the First Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the better Regulation of the Mariners in the Merchants Service; and further complaining of vexations Suits carried on against thcMniiers and Owners of Sliips, by the Advice of Practitioners in the High Court of Admiralty; and further letting forth, that the Act of Navigation obliges every Ship to carry Three fourths U/h Marinens, which will be again in force when theprd-sent War is over; but that as they often in foreign Parts enter, or are entered, on hoard his Majesty’s Ships, iFis impossible to comply with the said Act, and the Merchant Ships are liable to become a Seizure, even to the very Man of War who has taken their Men from them: And tire re fore praying the House to take the Premises into thdir Consideration, and to permit the Petitioners td>be heard, by themselves or Counsel, upon their said Petition; and to grant that flash Provision may be made In tit lure, »' by fegulating the Price of Mariners Wages in the Merchants Service, and to prevent such growing Abuses practised by those under the Sanction of the High Court of Admiralty, in order effectually to man his Majesty

Ships of War, without impressing, and to encourage thfe Trade and Navigation of these Kingdoms, as to thfe House shall seem meet.

Qndtrhd’YhnA the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

' ’

; The Odder of the Day being read, for the House to Clandestioe

fplve iUelf into a Committee of the whole Hoitfe, to eort- Exportati#* flder further of the Petition of the Gerttletnofi, principal ot Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town and parish of Cullumpton, in the County of Devon,whose;Names flrte thereunto subscribed'; and also of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee;

A Petition of the Mayor, Capital Borgeflfes, and At fistants, and of the rest of the Gentlemen, Merchants,

Traders, and principal Inhabitants, -of the To<#n and Pa-rifli of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, whose Names

pro thereunto subscribed, was presented ‘to the House, and read; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufact u re in the said Town; and alleging, That the.De- . cay thereof is apparently owing to the vast Quantities of '

French Goods made in Imitation of ours, and fold in the same Markets with ours abroad; which, could not be, if the French were debarred of England Irish \Vool: And therefore praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-lideratiofr of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Wool seized by -the Officers of the Customs in England, for Seven Years, to ChfUimas 1740, be referred to the said Committee!

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Walpole took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refiimed the Chair.

Mr. Walpole reported from the Committee, That they had coofidered the several Petitions to them referred; and Rad come to several Resolutions; which they Rad,

directed

V.

14GEQ.II. g — 6* Martii.673

directed him to report to the House, and had also di-reCled him to make a Motion to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Walpole accordingly reported from the said Committee the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland to foreign Parts is greatly prejudicial to the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Laws now in being are not sufficient to prevent the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland to foreign Parts.

Resolved \That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a publick Regiller of the Wool grown in Great Britain and Ireland is the most effectual Method of preventing the Exportation thereof to foreign Parts.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, Nemine contradicente.

The Second and Third Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Walpole also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to direct the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, during the Rccefs of Parliament, to prepare a Scheme for the Registering the Wool of Great Britain and Ireland, to be laid before this House the next Session of Parliament:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Resolved', That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to direct the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, during the Recefsof Parliament, to prepare a Scheme for the Registering the Wool of Great Britain and Ireland, to be laid before this House the next Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’6 most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Improvement of the Manufacture of Woollen Broad Cloth; and to prevent Abuses in the making of the fame: And that Mr. Prowse, Mr. Earle, Mr. Ivory Talbot, Mr. Carew, Mr. Popham, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Chester, Mr. Bennel, and Mr. Neale, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Westminster Resolved, That tin’s House will, upon this Day Seven- Bridge. night, rtfolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Wejf-minster, to the oppolile Shore in the County of Surrey, to raise a further Sum of Money, towards fmishing the said Bridge; and to perform the other Trulls reposed in them.

Sufferer*by Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-CharW* ing next> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Town, South House, to consider of the Petition of Peregrine Fury, Carolina. Agent to his Majesty’s Province of South Carolina, in the behalf of the distressed Inhabitants of Charles Town in the said Province.

Preservation Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-© l.ghways. ing next> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Preservation of the Public Roads of that Part of Great Britain called England.

Com used in ' Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-DiitiJauon. ing next> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

VOL. 2J.

House, to consider of the Report from the Committee to whom the Petition of several Landholders, A1 altfteis, and Brewers, in the Counties of MiddleJFssex, Surrey, and Kent, whole Names are thereunto lubicribetl, in behalf of themselves, and many others, concerned in the

Growth of Corn, and the Manufacture and Use ot Malt, was referred.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the bdemnify-whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify Drotestant Purchasers of Eltates of Papilts, against the i^enalties ers of Papists or Forfeitures Papists are liable to, for not having in- Eltates. rolled their Estates, in pursuance of an Act, of the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty K-ing George the First, for that Purpose, was committed, be received upon this Day SevennighL

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to Portsmouth whom the Bill to enable Thomas Smith Esquire, Lord of Waterworks, the Manor o Farlington,in the County of

to supply the Town of Portsmouth, and Parts adjacent, with good and wholesome Water, at his own proper Cost and Charges, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Plitmer have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And

An ingrotied Bill from the Lords, intituled An Act Lewis’ for veiling the Freehold and Leasehold Eltntcs late of Jiftate*

Thomas Lewis, of Soberton, Esquire, decealed, inTrultees, to be sold, for railing Money to discharge his Debts and Legacies, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Papillon have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly; of

Aningrofled Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act ^STchester'* for enabling Robert Duke of Manchester to make a Join-ture on his present Duchess; and to make Leases of certain Parts of his Estate; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vimet'is, 6° dieMartii;

Anno M* Georgii IF" Regis, 1740.

Praters. /

Mil. Vyner reported from the Committee to whom Gainfturgh . the Bill for tiuishing and completing the Parish Church. Church of Gainsburgh, in the County of Lincoln, was recommitted, That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. Batkurji be added to the Gentle- Mamifac. men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill ro"®

for the Improvement of the Nlauufacture ot Woollen Broad Cloth; and to prevent Abuses in the Making of the fame.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Everard John was read the

First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

8 X Ordered,


Port (mouth Waterworks.

Cirencester

Hoads.

Insurance

Ships.

County Bridges and Houses of Correction.

Increase of Seamen.

Edmunds’

Estate.

Increase of Seamen.

674 6* — 9 Ma . 1740.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Confuleration the Report from the Committee to whom the bill to enable Thomas Smith Esquire, Lord of the Manor ot' Farlingtcn, in the County of to supply the Town of Porjmout, and Parts adjacent, with good and wholesome Water, at his own proper Cost and Charges, was committed, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause wa3 offered to be added to the Bill, directing in what Place, and in what Manner, and of what Diameter, the main Pipe for conveying Water into the said , Town, shall be laid through the Fortifications thereof; and for obliging Mr. Smith, his Heirs and Assigns, to repair the Damage done thereby.

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up.

And the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereujion, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock, rel’olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

ResolvedThat this House will, upon this Day Seven- Ways and night,resolve itself intoaCotnmittee of the whole House, Mean#, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Duties upo* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ^ll , and House, upon the Bill for granting and continuing the ernnS8-Duties upon Salt, and upon red and white Herrings, for a further Term.

An ingrossed Bill for inlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Cirencester Town’s End to St. Johns Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Cirencester Town’s End to St. John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Bathurst do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, upon the Debate of the House, to prevent some Incon-venienciesarifing from Insurances of Ships; And that Mr. Southwell, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Carew, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for supplying some Defects in the Laws for repairing and rebuilding County Bridges; and for repairing, inlarging, erecting, and providing, Houses of Correction: And that Mr. Pulteney, and Sir Hugh Smithjon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day was read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen; and for the better and speedier Manning his Majesty’s Fleet.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Edmunds Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for railing Money to discharge the Debts of himself, and his late Father deceased, and for settling another Estate of greater Value in lieu thereof: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen; and for the better and speedier Manning his Majesty’s Fleet.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

1

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee tions be adjourned. of Privilege*.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunoe, 9° die M;

Anno 14° Georgii II111 Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Answer to Address of Thursday last.That his Majesty w ould Addref*. be graciously pleated to direct the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, during the Recess of Parliament, to prepare a Scheme for the registering the Wool of Great Britain and Ireland, to be laid before this House the next Session of Parliament, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Phillipson reported from the Committee to whom Jenning*? the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estate* enabling Sir John Jennings, and George Jennings Esquire, his Son, a Minor, to convey certain Eliates in and Hertjordshire, for the Benefit of the said George Jennings, and such Wife as he shall marry, and the Ifiue of such Marriage, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Petition of the Bailiff, Justices, Vicar, and other High Price Inhabitants, of the Borough ol ' Leominin the County of Com. of Herejord, in behalf of themselves and great Numbers of his Majesty’s Subjects, in the several Parishes within the said County, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the great Distress of the Poor in the said County, occasioned by the Scarcity of Bread Corn therein, w'hich has been, for a considerable Time, in many Parts of the fame, from Nine Shillings tp Ten Shillings perBuihel, and is likely to advance, rather than

fall, in Price, for some Months to come: And therefore praying for such Relief as the House shall lee fitting to provide, in Aid of the present great and insupportable Necessities of their Poor.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An

i4 Geo. II. o° Martii. 675

Edmond*’ An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Purl of the settled Estate of Thomas Edmunds Esquire, in Trustees,' to be sold, for railing Money to discharge the Debts of himself and his late Father, deceased; and for settling another Estate, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Thistle- An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Watne6 to enable Francis Thijllethwaite Esquire, and the Heirs

"m ' Male of his Body, to take and ule the Surname of Whisked, pursuant to the Will and Codicils of Richard Whittled Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir John Rushout, Mr. Treby, Mr. Alderman Sir IVm Heathcote, Mr. Scawcn, Mr. JJoyd, Mr. , Mr. Yorke, Mr. Brereton, Mr. South-well, Mr.

Mr. Carelv, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Packer, Mr. Chester, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Prow Mr. Mack-worth, Lord Noel Somerset, Lord S. Beauclerk, Sir James Grant, Mr.

Jwckwcod, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Lindejay, Sir Edmund Isham, Sir Miles Stapylton; and all the Members who

serve for the Counties of and Wilts: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Selby, 4c. An ingossed Bill for repairing and inlarging the Hoads. Roads from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of

the County of York, to the Town of Leeds', and front

thence, in Two several Branches, 6ne through Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bowling and Wibfey, to the Town of Halifax, in the same Riding; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do palsr And that the Title . be. An Act for repairing and inlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds', aqcf from thence, in Two several Branches, one through Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bowling and Wibfey, to the Town of Halifax, in the same Riding.

Ordered, That Sir Miles Stapylton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ealaud to An ingossed Bill for repairing the Road leading from ^e«ds Road. j?aiand the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Road leading from Ealand to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Thompson of York do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Estate^0"'* front the Lords, intituled, An Act

a e’ for vesting certain Manors, Lands, and Tenements, of William Hudleston Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Lowther, Mr. Hucks, Sir Jof. Pennington, Sir Heathcote, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. White, Mr. Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Archer, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Treby, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Carew, Mr. H. Campbell, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Heron, Mr. More, Lord Charles Cavendish, Sir Abr. Elton, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Stephenson, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Hay, Sir Nicolas Williams, Sir Geo. Ccfwell, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Earle, Dr. Butler, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Cornewall, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Lord S. Beauclerk, Sir James Grant, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Edmund Isham, Lord Gage, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Harley, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Vere, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Boone, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Carmichael, Sir Robert Mr. Brereton, Mr.

Pigott, Mr. Woollaston, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Plumptre: and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cumberland, Westmorland, Lancaster, and York: And they are Vet. *3.

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingossed Bill from the Lortte, intituled, An Act for enabling Robert Duke of Manchester to make a. Join- tet-s future on his present Duchess; and to make Leases of 'Certain Parts of his Estate; and for other Burposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hucks,

Sir Wm. Heathcote, Mr. Archer, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Carew, Mr. Earle, Mr. Walker, Mr. Horsemondeu Turner, Mr. White, Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Mr.

Harley, Sir Robert Aujlen, Mr. Knight, Sir Jfohn Heathcote, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Treby, Mr. Longueville, Mr.

Gregory, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Lord Quarendon, Sir

Lowther, Sir James Grant, Mr. Harvey, IVIr. Torke,

Lord S. Beauclerk, Mr. Ashby, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Carmichael, Sir Miles Stapylton, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Cary, Lord Guernsey, Sir Thomas Lowther, Sir John Crosse; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Bedford, Cambridge, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Pulteney presented to the Floufe, according to County Order, a Bill for supplying some Defects in the Laws Bridges and for repairing and rebuilding County Bridges; and for Ilou^*.of repairing, inlarging, erecting, and providing, Houses CorreAion' of Correction: And the same was received 5 and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Henry Fox reported from the Committee to whom Sherfton-the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for magnalnclo-dividing and inclosing the common Fields *ivin<r in the fure‘

Manor and Parish of Sherfton Magna, in the' County of Wilts, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the£om-mittee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Freehold and Leasehold E.states late of Thomas Lewis, of Soberton, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for railing Money to discharge his Debts and Legacies, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Htnr.

Archer, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Legg, Mr. Hay, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Trezcy, Mr. Hucks, Mr. White, Mr. Tower, Mr. Fox, Mr. Halts,

Sir Robert Brown, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Longueville, Mr,

Papillon, Mr. Horjemonden Turner, Golonel Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Scrape, Mr. Fane, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Glan-ville, Mr. OJbaldeston, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. R. Earle,

Lord Eufttm, Mr. Speke, Mr. Earle, Lord Mr.

Treby, Mr. Harris, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Balle, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Walpole, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Mr. Turner,

Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Vyner, Sir Edmund Bacon,

Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Southwell',

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Glamorgan, and VP’ilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr,

Edwards:

IVIr Speaker

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Punishing for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, without any Amendment. And also, . Delays of

The Lords have agreed to the Bill» intituled, An Act Causes after

to Issue joined.

Goog]

6j6 90 — i o° Martii. A. 1740.

to prevent Inconvenienciesarifingfrom Delays of Causes after Issue joined, without any Amendment. And also, Gloucester The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act \wter- m* for fUpp[ying the City of with fresh Water,

without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Gainflnirgh An ingrossed Bill for linishing and completing the Pa-harch. rish Church of Gainsburgh, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pnfs: And that the Title he. An Act for finilbingaud completing the Parish Church of Gainsburgh, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Earl of Ar- An ingrossed Bill for enabling the Right honourable runs Lftuic. Q}iarie} £ar| Gf Arran to rail'e Money, by Sale or Mortgage of Part of his Estate in the Kingdom of Ireland, for Payment of Debts, and for other Purposes, was read the Third time.

Resolved \That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling the Right honourable Charles Earl of Arran to raise Money, by Sale or Mortgage of Part of his Estate in the Kingdom of Ireland, for Payment of Debts, and for other Purpoft6.

Ordered, That Mr. Southwell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Privilege. a Complaint being made to the House, That the Name

of a Member of this House had been counterfeited in the Franking of a Letter lent by the General Post;

And the said Member being present, and the said Letter, signed H. Pugh, and the Superscription thereof, being ihewed to him, lie declared, That the Frank was not of his the said Member’s Hand-writing; and that, being acquainted with the Hand-writing of the Reverend Mr. Hugh Pugh, Vicar of Cardigan, he knew that the said Letter was written and ligned by the said Mr. Hugh Pugh\

: And the Superscription of the said Letter, and the Name of H. Pugh, subscribed to the said Letter, being read;

Ordered, That the Reverend Mr. Hugh Pugh, Vicar of Cardigan, do attend this House upon Tomorrow Fortnight.

Incrrafe of The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Seamen. a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen; and for the hetter and lpcedier Manning his Majesty's Fleet.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progrels in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself irlto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

r

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Levant Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

frade. jn<r next) take into Consideration the Copy of the Charter of the Turkey Company, and the several other Papers relating to the said Company, which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament.

Tom ufrd in Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-DistilUtion. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee to whom the Petition of several Landholders, Mahlters, and Brewers, in the Counties Essex, Surrey,

and Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others concerned in the

Growth of Corn, and the Manufacture and Use of Malt, was referred.

Resolved, That this House will, n\>on Wednesday Morn- Dutie* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole u'1'"n<| House, upon the Bill for granting and continuing the ernu*-Duties upon Salt, and upon red and white Herrings, for a further Term.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committc* tions be adjourned. of Privilege*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, i o° die Martii;

Anno 14* Georgii IP" Regis, 1740.

Prayers,

COLONEL Onslow reported from the Committee to Scaweo’* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

An Act for vesting Part of the Tythes of Ryegate, in the County of Surrey, in Robert Scawen Esquire, and his Heirs, and for settling another Estate, to the Uses limited of the said Tythes, by the Will of Sir William Scawen Knight, deceased; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Sa* tisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And be delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Piers reported from the Committee, to whom the Burnaby’* ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Name, enabling Edward Burnaby, an Infant, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take the Surname of pursuant to

the Will of Thomas Greene Esquire, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road from Doncaf- Doncaster to ter, through the Parish of Pent Jon, in the County of ^alle'*' York, to Salterjbrocke, in the County of and also

for repairing the Road from Rctheram, in the said County of York, to Hartcliffe Hill, in the said Parish of Penijion; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Road from Doncaster, through the Parish of Penifton, in the County of York, to Salterjbrooke,in the County of and also the

Road from Rotheram, in the said County of York, to Hartcliffe Hill, in the said Parish of Peniftcn.

Ordered, That Sir Miles Stapylton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Alderman Perry reported from the Committee to st. Botolph whom the Bill to enable the Parishioners of the Parish without Ald-of St. Botolph withObt Aldgate,in the City of London, and gate Church.

County of Middlesex,to rebuild the Church and Steeple

of the said Parish, was committed, That the Committee had considered the Petition of Thomas Kynaston, Clerk, Impropriator of the Rectory Impropriate of St. Botolph without Aldgate, in tive City of London, and County of Middlesex, to them referred, and had heard the Petitioner, by his Counsel, upon the said Petition; and had also heard Counsel, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

14 Geo. II. 108Martii. ^77

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in Woollen Broad Cloth, and to prevent Abuses in making at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were of the fame: And the same was received; and read the once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by Firli time.

one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, That the Bill be read a Second time,

were agreed to by the House. Ordered, That the Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. A Bill for supplying some Defers in the Laws for re- County

pairing and rebuilding Comity Bridges'; and for repair- and Lord Mr. Henry Bathurst reported from the Committee to ing, inlarging, erecting, and providing, Hou fes of Cor- Correctio!) B*T?nngton'* w^om lhe ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An rection; was read a Second time. 0l1'

E"ate' Act for vesting in William Wildman, Lord Viscount Bar- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ulteney,

rington, in the Kingdom -of Ireland, for Life, certain Mr Sir John Ru/hout, Sir Wm. Yonge, IVfr.

Mefltiages and Tenements in the City of London, late Mr. Southwell, Mr. Longueville, Mr.

the Estate of Mary Lady Viscountess Barrington his Lord Mr. Mr. Harvey, Mr.

Wife, upon the Terms mentioned in their Marriage Set- PMr. Plumptre, Mr. Fox, Mr.

tlement, was committed, That the Committee had exa- /on, Mr. Archer, Mr. Mr. Sir Charles

mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same Mordaunt, Mr. Boivles, Mr. Pigott, Colonel Afordaunt, to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given Mr. Walker, Mr Sir H. Smith fun, r. Gybbon,

their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com- Mr. Brereton, Mr. Compton, Mr. Bathurst, IVLr. Harley, mittee; and that the Committee had directed him to Sir Mr. Pitt, Sir Sir

report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: James Grant, Mr. Alderman Perry, Sir John Barnard,

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. Mr. Plumer, Sir Thomas Hales: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Manufacture A Bill for continuing an Act, passed in the Seventh Chamber, of Cloth in Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to explain and

Yorkshire. amend a former Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the An ingrossed Bill for opening a Trade to and from Trade with

Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for the P through Ru/fia, was read the Third time. Persia better Regulating of the Manufacture of Cloth in the Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title "West Riding of the County of York, and for making the be. An Act for opening a Trade to and from Persia °

said Acts more effectual, was read a Second time. through Rujtia.

R(Jblved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cholmley OrderedfThat M r. Alderman Perry do carry the Bill

Turner, Sir William Lowlher, Mr. Thomp/on of York, to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Mr. Wilkin/on, Mr. Yorke, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Mr.. '

Linde say, MY. Laroche, Mr. Montague, Colonel Ingram, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Sufferers by

Mr. Fere, Sir Wm.Ileathcote, Mr. Piers, Mr. Jewkes, torefolve itself into a Committee of the -whole Htnife, *ire ,at Sir Jo/. Pennington, Mr. Bradjhaigh, Mr. Finch, Sir to oorilider of the Petition of Peregrine JHury Agent to Tov»TSoUlh

Thomas Lowlher, Sir Miles Stapylton, Sir JohnRam/den, his Majesty’s Province of South Carolinam i rtthe’Behalf CarotW-M r.OJbaldeston, Mr Gregory, Lord Galway, Mr. Hucks, of the diltrefled Inhabitants of CharlesTcnvn, id the Ibid.

Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Geo. Fox, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Province, be now read: ’

Fenwick, Mr. White, Mr. Smelt, Sir Conyers D’arcy, Mr.. And the said Order being read accordingly; ’ ‘

Wortley, Mr. Arundel, Mr. Coplefton, Mr. Whichcote, Resolved, That this House wiH, upon JFVirrfay, Mclrh-

Mr. Earle, Mr. Leheup, Sir James Grant, Mr. Onslow, next, refolVe itself into a Committed of the -Whole

Mr. Pigott, Mr. Carew, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Hay, Mr. House, to consider of the said Petition.

Y'ounge, Mr. Cce/ar, Mr. Prow/e, Sir Geo. Champion, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Chetwynde, Sir John St. Aubin, The House, according to Order, reTc»l ved itself tpfP a_ Increafeof Mr. Archer, Mr. Conolly, Mr. More, Lord Palmerston, Committee of the whole House, to CQtifidef fctrthfer ot eamen* Colonel Howard, Mr. Lifter, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. the Bill for the Encouragement and IrjcreafeoTSeamen;

Bold, Mr. Gildart, Captain Robin/on;and all the Mem- and for the better and speedier Mantling his Majesty 8 hers who lerve for the Counties Of York, Lancaster, and Fleet. . ‘ ,

Chester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Jennings’ An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mr. Francis reported from the Committee, That Estate. for enabling Sir John Jennings, and George Jennings they had gone through the Bill, and made several Esquire, his Son, a Minor, to convey certain Eltates in Amendments thereunto; which they ha(l directed him to Surry and Hert/ordshire, for the Benefit of the said report, when the House will please to receive the same.

George Jennings, and such Wife as he shall marry, and' That the Report be tepeived Upon Friday

the Issue of such Marriage, was read the Third time. Morning next. ! t

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Phillip/on do carry’ the Bill to the The other Order of the Day "being read'

Lords, and acquaint theih. That this House hath agreed Resolved, That.this House will, tlpdn this Day Seven- Preservatioa to the fame, without any Amendment.: night, resolve itself into aCortitn ittee of the wholeFIoufe, of Highways.

- upon the Bill for the better Preservation of the publick Privilege. A Complaint being made to the House, That Thonltis Roads of that Part of Great Britain called England.

Joce, a Bailiff, did, upon Wednesday last, lerve a Writ ..

of Privilege, at the Suit of William Crofting Gentleman, Ordered, That all the Members of this House, who Member* to One of the Attornies of the Court of, Common Pleas, are in and about the Town, Bo attend the Service of the attend, upon Nicolas Prout, Steward and menial Servant to House upon Friday Morning next.

Joseph Taylor Esquire, a Member of this House, in , 4

- Breach of the Privilege of this House; And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee Of Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Manufacture Mr. Ptowft phefented to the House, according to Or-

of Broad der, a Bill fqr thq Improvement of the Mahnfacture ell7

c,oth- Vol. 23. 8 K.

J

678 11® Mar. . 1740.

Mercuriiy n° afo Martii,

Anno 14* Georgii II. Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

Doncaster to A N ingrossed Bill for repairing the Roads from a Saltersbrooke /\ Place called Red-house, near , to oad*‘ ,/Wd, and through the said Town of Wakefield, by Drwf-bury, Hightown, and Light to the Town of

in the West Riding of the County of Forfr, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz. by leaving out from Pr. 15. L. 41. the Clause immediately following, which enables the Trustees to fell the old Road, and directs them to apply the Purchase-money for repairing the Roads within that District wherein the new Road shall be purchased:

And the same wasx upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended accordingly, by rafing out Part of the said Clause, and cutting off the Remainder at the Table.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Roads from a Place called Redhouse, near Doncaster, to Wakefield, and through the said Town of Wakefield, by Deiosbury, and

LightcliffJ to the Town of Halifax, in the West hiding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir John Ramsden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Cadington Mr. Ashby reported from the Committee to whom the

Chapel, ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making a Chapel, lately built by John Coppin Esquire, at Market Street, in the Parish of Cadington, in the County of Hertford, a perpetual Cure, and Benefice; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 29. L. 16. After " them,"insert " Saving nevertheless to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his " Heirs and Successors, and to all Bodies, Politick and " Corporate, and all other Persons whatsoever, their " Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, other than the said John Coppin the elder,

" John Howard, Sir John Napier, Sir Samuel Garrard, " John Crawley, Thomas Ashby, Peter Warburlon, John " Coppin the younger, William Hatfield, Richard Byrchmore, Daniel Seare, Edward Taylor, William We/t-a combe, William Taylor, Charles Seare, and John Goodes, " their Heirs and Assigns, all such Estate, Right, Title, " and Interest, as they, or any of them, might have or " claim, in as ample Manner and Form, as if this Act " had not been made."

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

BriockUw Sir CharlesMordaunt reported from the Committee to

Inclosure. whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for incloslngand dividing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Brincklow, in the County of Warrvick,was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Scawen’« for veiling Part of the Tythes of Ryegate, in the County Estate. of Surrey, in Robert Scawen Esquire, and his Heirs, and 1

for settling another Estate to the Uses limited of the said Tythes by the Will of Sir William Scawen Knight, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Colonel Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord for vetting in William Wildman, Lord Viscount Barring- Barrington’* ton in the Kingdom of Ireland, for Life, certain Messuages and Tenements in the City of late the

Estate of Mary Lady Viscountess Barrington his Wife, upon the Terms mentioned in their Marriage Settlement, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Bathdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Burnaby’* for enabling Edward Burnaby, an Infant, and the Heirs Name. Male of his Body, to take the Surname of Greene, pur-fuantto the Will of Thomas Greene Esquire, deceasedj and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Piers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment,

An ingrossed Bill for appointing new Commissioners Coggs.&c. and Trustees for putting into Execution an Act, passed Estate. in the 8th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estates and Effefts of John Coggs and John Dann, Goldsmiths and Copartners, in Trustees, for the speedier Payment of their Creditors, and for determining Differences thereupon; and for making the said Act more effectual, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for appointing new Commissioners and TruP ( tees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the 8th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate and Effects of Coggs and John Dann, Goldsmiths and Copartners, in Trustees, for the speedier Payment of their Creditors, and for determining Differences thereupon.

Ordered, That Mr. Compton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill'from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ludwig5* for naturalizing Everard John Ludewig, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord S. Beauclerk, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Scawen, Lord II. Paxclett, Sir John Turner,

Mr. Brodie, Mr. Corneioall, Mr. Fane, Mr. , Lord Gage, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Mordaunt, Sir Miles Stapylton,

Mr. Neale, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Carew, Sir Nathanael Cur-zon, Mr Gore, Lord Barrington, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Longueville, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir 'Wm. Jolliff, Mr.

Legge, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Colonel Mr.

Mr Vyner, Mr. Balle: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Esquire, portfmontk

Lord of the Manor of Farlington, in the County of Water. Southampton, to supply the Town of Porlfmouth, and worltt-Parts adjacent, with good and wholesome Water, at his own proper Colls and Charges, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable Thomas Smith Esquire, Lord of the

Manor

-suin'

jjfttlfl

jdicRCI


to

1

1

1

1


l

14 Geo. II. n° — n

Manor of Farlington, in the County of to supply the Town of , and Parts adjacent,

with good and wholesome Water, at his own proper Cod and Charges.

Ordered, That the Lord Gage do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Retraining The Order of the Day being read, for the House to certain resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon America.'" to explain and amend so much of an Act, made

in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for better securingcer-tain Powers and Privileges intended to be granted by his Majesty, by Two Charters, for AHurance of Ships and Merchandizes at Sea, and for lending Money upon Bottomry, and for restraining severalextravagant and unwarrantable Practices therein mentioned, as relates to the extravagant and unwarrantable Practices therein mentioned;

RefoLved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Admission of Merchants into the Fellowship of the said Company, and the Power granted to the said Company to make Bye Laws, were also read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging and regulating the Trade to the Levant Seas»

And that Mr. Sandysand Mr. Hume Campbell do prepare, and bring in, the fame*

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Datie*oa ingnext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Herring*. House, upon the Bill for granting and continuing the '

Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings, for a fgrtherTerm.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue of the Clock.

Jovts,12° dMartii;

Anno 14* Georgii IIa‘ Regis, 1740.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Charge for Tranf-port Service, for the Year 1740, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Expence of Victualing his Majesty’s Land Forces, sent on the Expedition to America in the Year 1740, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That

they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Levant The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Company, into Consideration the Copy of the Charter of the Turkey Company; and the several other Papers, relating to the said Company, which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament:

And a Copy of a Memorial of the Levant Company to the Duke of Newcastle, June 28th 1739, which was presented to this House upon the Third Day of February last, was read:

And the Account of the Value of Woollen Manufactures exported to Turkey, from Christmas 1720 to Christmas 1740; distinguishing each Year; which was presented to this House upon the 28th Day of last, was also read:

And the Account of what Quantity of raw Silk has been imported from Turkey, from Christmas 1720 to Christmas 1740; distinguishing each Year; which was presented to this House upon the 28th Day of January last; was also read:

And an Account of the annual Charge of maintaining an Ambassador at Confianiinople, and Consuls and Aleppo, for Seven Years last pad, which was presented to the House upon the 2d Day of this instant March, was also read:

’ And several Parts of the Copy of the Charter of the Turkey Company, which was presented to this House upon the 25th Day of February last, relating to the Voi. 23.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor an(l Commonalty of the Clandestfae City of York was presented to the House, and E*{^y^n read; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture in that County, arising, as the Petitioners conceive, from the Exportation of Wool to France; and representing to the House, That a Law, to oblige all Owners and Manufacturers of Wool to register the same in the Parishes in which they relide, by Per Ions independent, and under no Influenc e, chargeable with a certain Sum, to be paid only by those who export it without its being completely manufactured, seems, to the Petitioners, to be a most effectual Remedy to this great Evil:

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Brincklow for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Common Inclosure. Failures, Common Meadows, and Wade Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Brincklow, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunl do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cadington for making a Chapel lately built, by Coppin Ef- Chapel, quire, at Market Street, in the Parish of Cadington, in the County of Hertford,a perpetual Cure and Benefice; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do

guts.

Ordered, That Mr. Ashby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with One Amendment: To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordlhtps.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act sherftoo for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields lying in Magna the Manor and Parish of Sherfion Magna, in the County Inclosure. of Wilts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Fox do carry the Bill to / the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Pulteney reported from the Committee to whom County the Bill for supplying some Defects in the Laws for re- Bridge* and pairingand rebuilding County Bridges; and for repairing, pOUy^.of enlarging, etefting, and providing, Houses of Correc- Correttlon' tion; was committed. That the Committee bad gone

through

68o

through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to amend a Clause in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, by permitting Justices of the Peace, if they think fit, to fend a Rogue, Vagabond, or incorrigible Rogue, to the House of Correction, in the next County, Riding, or Division.

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up.

And then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Neale’s Mr. Cornetoall reported from the Committee to whom Estate. ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

Sale of the Estate of John Neale Esquire, in the County of Bucks, and for settling another Estate, in the County of Warwick, in lieu thereof, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Persons Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

returning (he more easy and effectual Conviction of Persons re-portation" turning from Transportation: And that Mr. and Mr. Southwell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply. Mr. Francis Fane,according to Order, reported ‘from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Pface, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Five thousand Two hundred Seventy-five Pounds Eighteen Shilling's and Eight Pence, he granted to his Majesty, for the Charge of Transports hired to carry the Forces to America.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee^ That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Twenty-four thousand Five hundred Sixty-four Pounds Eight Shillings and Three Farthings, be granted to his Majesty, for t^e Expeace of Victuals provided for the Soldiers employed! in the Expeditions in Am

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Discovering The Order Of the Day being read, for the House to the Longi- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon tude. the Bill to explain so much of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall d if cover the Longitude at Sea, as relates to the making Experiments of Proposals for discovering the Longitude at Sea;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Westminster The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Bridge. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable

24

1740.

the Commi(boners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westm.infi.er to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, to raise a further Sum of Money towards finishing the said Bridge; and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Sundon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Sundon reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Indemnify, whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify Protestant mS I>protes* Purchasers of Estates of Papists against the Penalties or ^er"of Forfeitures Papists are liable to, for not bavins: inrolled Papists their Estates, in pursuance of an Act of the Third Year Estates. of his late Majesty King George the First, for that Purpose, was committed, be received upon Tuefduy Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day SevCn- Com used in night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Distiltatioa. to consider of the Report from the Committee to whom the Petition of several Landholders, Maltsters, and Brewers, in the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surry, and Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, concerned in the Growth of Corn, and the Manufacture and Use of Malt, was referred.

And then the Heiife adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vmetis y 13* die Martii \

Anno 14* Georgii II41 Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

AN ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Edmund’s for veiling Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Estate-Edmunds Esquire in Ttuftees, to be sold, for railing Money to discharge the Debts of himself, and his late Father, deceased, and for settling another Estate, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Cholmley Turner, Sir Conyers Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Prozofe, Mr. Gower, Mr.

Bathurst, Mr. Fox, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Longueville, Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Mr. Smelt,

Mr. Eifier, Mr. Walker, Mr. Earle, Sir John

Mr. Shuttleworth , Lord S. Beauclerk, Dr. Butler, Mr.

Pitt, Mr. More, Mr. Harley, Mr. Lechtn&re, Mr. Yorke,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Guernsey, Sir James Grant,

Mr. Treby, Mr. Spencer, Sir John Mr. Chet-

wynd, Mr. Banket, Lord Sundon, Mr Mr.

Pigotl, Mr. Thorhpfon of York, Mr. Wilkinson-, and all the Members Who serve for the CoUrities of York and Lancaster :And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five Of the Clock; in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Governor and Company of Mer- Levant’ chants of England trading to the Lewint Seas do lay be- Company, fore this House, The Bye Laws of their Company;

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay Naval before this House, a List of the Widows of Captains, CWjcert Lieutenants, M afters, and Warrant Officers, of his Ma- 1 0WI' jesty’s Ships of War, intitled to the Fund arising from the Three Pence in the Pound, dedlifted from the Whole and Half Pay of the Officers of the Navy; together with an Account of what has been paid to each Widow, from the

11° — 15* Martii.

14-GE6. II.

130 — 1 6° Martii.

681

trtcteaffc of Seamen.

the 30th Day of August 1732 to the 30th of AuguJl\j\o\ distinguishing eachYear;as also how much the (hid Fund has produced each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, a List of the Widows of Captains, Lieutenants, Mailers, and Warrant Officers, of his Majesty’s Ships of War, intitled to the Fund arising from the Pay and Victualling of the Widows Man established for their Relief; together with an Account of what has been paid to each Widow, from the 30th of August 1735 to the 30th of August 1740; d'ftinguishing each Year; and also how much the said Fund has produced each Year.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the City of London, was prelected to the House, and read; setting

forth* That the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is depending in this House, for the Encouragement and lu-crease of Seamen, and for the better and speedier manning his Majesty’s Fleet, in which are Clauses, that, should

Ditto.

5" 7‘

The subsequent and last Amendment, Made by the Committee to the said Rill (which was a Clause), being read a Second time; and several Amendments being made thereto;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Clause, foameuded) The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas Lurd ?ere Bea*clc'k>

1 ellers lor the 1 eas.^ Mf //ewry fov

Tellers for the Noes ^r* iiathurfi,

1 ellers for the i\oes,j Sjr ^:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no* thing in the Bill contained shall extend to Contra&sfor Hire of Seamen in Voyages from any Parts beyond the Seas to any other Parts beyond the Seas, or to Great Britain:

And the said Clause was twice read; and* upon the the Bill pass into a Law, will, as the Petitioners appre- Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be hend, be highly detrimental to the Trade and Naviga- made Part of the Bill tion of this Kingdom; and that the Petitioners are per-luaded, that the only effectual and speedy Method of procuring, for the Service of his Majesty’s Fleet, a proportionable Number of the Sailors in this Kingdom, is, to distinguish that Body of Men by Bounties and Encouragements, both present and future, and by abolishing all

Ordered, That the Bill, with thej Amendments, be

ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ref, That this House will, upon tVednesday W»y» Morning nett, resolve itself into a Committee of the ahJ Methods of Severity; and that the Petitioners believe, it whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means will not be difficult to have such Methods pointed out as for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty. will tend to supply the presentNeceftities, and at the fame

time effectually promote the Increase of Seamen; And Re, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Sufterenby praying,'That the Petitionersmaybeheard.bytheirCoun- ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole fel, against the said Clauses in the said Bill. House, to consider of the Petition of Peregrine Fury, ^"r(Je*Soutll

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. Agent to his Majesty’s Prov ince of South Carolina, in the Carolina.*1

Behalf of the distressed Inhabitants of Charles Town in APotition offeveral GentlemenFreeholders, and other the said Province.

Inhabitants, of the County of Gloucester, in behalf of themselves. and all other the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the said County, was presented to the House, and

That this House will, upon Monday Morn* titles b, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Salt and read; alleging. That there are many Clauses in the said House, upon the Biil for granting and continuing the Du- Hwnoga*

Bill, which, as the Petitioners conceive, are subversive of the Laws and Liberties of this Kingdom; and repre-fenting to the House their Apprehensions. That the said Bill, should it pass into a Law, will totally destroy the Breed of Seamen by whom only this Nation can be defended, and its Trade and Commerce carried on; and

ties upon Salt, and upon red and white Herrings, for a further Term.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Westniinftet ing next, resolve itself info a Committee of the whole BMg®* House, to consider further of the Bi 11 to enable the Com-that, at the same time that it will not answer the Exigen- missioners for building a Bridge crol's the River Thames, cies of Slate, it will be productive of much Inconvenience from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the and Bloodlhed: And therefore expressing their Hope, County of Surry, to raile a further Sum of Money to-That the said Bill will not pass into a Law. wards finishing the said Bridge, and to perform the other

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Trusts reposed in them.

That the said Petition do lie upon the Table;

It passed in the Negative. And then the House adjourned till Monday

Ordered, That the said Petition be rejected. Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Increase of Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported frdm &eameD* the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen, and for the better and speedier manning his Majesty’sFleec,was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Biil, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being (everally read a Second time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were dif-agreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the further Confulemtion of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next;

The House divided.

Tiie Yeas went forth.

Te,e,.for«heYeas.{^». } 142*

fp , c . Xr t Colonel Mordaunt, Tellers for the Soe.,’ Mr ^epheu: 169.

So it passed in the Negative.

Vol. 23.

Lunce> 16° die M

Anno 14* Georgii lldi Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

MR. Henry Archer reported from the Committee to Lewi*

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords intitu- Ettrne. led, An Act for vesting the Freehold and Leasehold f-tates, late of Thomas Leiois, of Soberton, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for raffing MoivY to discharge his Debts and Legacies, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations o( the Bill, and ’ found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confent to the Biil,to the Satisfa ionof the Committee 5 and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s-Table.

Mr. Hucks reported from the Committee to whom the ftU)-e of ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Manchester* enabling Robert Duke of Manchester to make a Jointure 8 L on




1

682

16° MartU. A. 1740.

on his present Duchess; and to make Lftifes of certain Parts of his Eilat e; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed , That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Pill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee $ and that the Committee had directed him to report the Rill to the House, without any Amendment:

And ne delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Thistle- Mr. Tracy reported from the Committee to whom thwaite’g ingrossed Bill from the Thirds, intituled, An Act to

lUne' enable Francis Thifilethwaite Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and ul'e the Surname of Uhithed, purfiumt to the Will and Codicils of Richard Whithed Esquire, deceased, was committed. That the Committee hail examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: Aud he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

t

Levant . Mr. Sandys presented to the House, according to Trad«. Order, a Bill for enlarging and regulating the Trade to the Levant Seas: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be printed.

Relief of A Bill to continue an Act for Relief of Debtors, with

Debtor*, he.respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and Two subsequent Acts for explaining and amending the same;

and also to continue an Act for the free Importation of

Cochineal and lmlico; was read a Second time.

Ri'folvcri, That the Bill he committed |to Mr.

Archer, Mr. Euife, Mr. Carezc, Sir M. Mr.

Southwell, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Fox, Lord Limerick, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Lhidefay, Mr. Mr. Mr.

gueville, Mr. Bennet, Sir John A 11st rut her, Mr. Mack-worth, Sir Jof.Pennington, Mr. Fane, Mr. , Mr.

Seamen, Mr. Sandyx, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Parker, Sir ' Nathanael Vurzon, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir James Grant, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Bowles, Lord S. Beauclerk, Mr. Hacks, Lord Quarrendon, Mr. Mr. Crawley,

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Price, Mr. Knight, Mr. Yonnge, Mr.

BramJton, Nlr.Clutlerbuck, Mr. Mr. Archer, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Rutherford, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Thomp-fan, Mr! Hay, Mr. ComMr. Digby, Lord Barrington, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Glaiwille, Mr. Harvey, Mr. //. Campbell, Sir John Rufhouf, Sir Edmund Mr. Garth, Mr. Speke, Sir.

John Barnard, Mr. , Mr. Cartwright, Mr.

Lockwood, Mr. Packer, Mr. Mr. Chetwynd,

Sir Wm. JolUff, Mr. Brereton; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Kobe; and all the Merchants in the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Eighth Section of an Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, might be read: ,

_ And the same was ryxl accordingly.

’' The House was also moved, That the First Section of

an Act, made in the Eighth Year of his present Ma-jftty's Reign, intituled. At) Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of hi* prefept Klajifty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, might he read:

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put* That i* be an Inftrtiftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses to explain and amend tlte said Act for Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imp, ifunment their Persons, and Two; subsequettt Acts for explaining and amending the same; *' _ It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir William Lowlher do carry to the WsVrfMi Eords the ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing to the Roads from a Place called Red-house, near Doncaf- \

ter, to Wakefield, and through Hue said Townpf Wake- I

field, by Dtwfbury, High town, and to the

Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, and desire their Concurrence,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Duties ot to resolve itself into a Committee of ttie whole House, Salt and upon the Bill for granting and continuing the Duties ReTr‘"gfc upon Sal1, and upon red and white Herrings, for a further Term, he now read:

And t he said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it he an Instruction to the said Com- j

mittee. That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit. I

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- 1

mittee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for '

permitting Rock Salt to be used in making Salt from [

Sea Water, at certain Salt works near Neath, in Gla* j

morganshire.. j

Then the House resolved itself into the said Commit- I

tee.

Mr. Speaker left, the Chair, 1

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee. (

Mr. Speaker rc-fumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. '

An ingossed Bill for ftipplying feme Defects in the County Laws for repairing and rebuilding County Bridges; Bridgeaand and for repairing, enlarging, erecting, and providing,

Houses of Correction, was read the Third time. or 0B*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to fupnly feme Defects in the Laws for repairing and rebuilding County Bridges; for. repairing, enlarging, erecting, and providing, Hottfes of Correction; and for passing Rogues and Vagabonds.

Ordered, That Mr. Pnlteney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Fr Mom- Provinc* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of Georgia House, to consider of the State of the Province of Georgia, in America.

Ordered, That Mr. I aw ley, late of the Province of Georgia, do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Iwbb, late of the Province of Georgia, do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr, Hulcft, a South Carolina Merchant, do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Crockett, One of His Majesty’s Cotmfel for the Province of South Carolina, do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas do then attend

the said Committee.

Ordered, That Lieutenant William Horton do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Captain Hugh Mackay do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Charles Dempfy Esquire do then attend the said Committee.

A Bill for the Improvement of the Manufacture of Manufactute Woollen Broad Cloth, and to prevent Abides in the of Woollen Making of the fame, was read a Second time. Broudtloib.

Jlejl lved, That the Bill lie committed.

Bi/Klved, That the Bill'be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Tha

14 Geo. II.

16 — x 70 MartH

68$

tVifeoreting

the

Longitude.

The other Order of the Day being read; Register of Orders begun 7 Sept. 1711, arid ending

Rejoined, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- June 1740. ing next, resolve it lei f into a Committee of the whole That the said Schedule do lie upon the Table.

House, upon the Bill to explain to much of an Act, That the Books contained in the said Box

pafl'ed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Ma- do remain in the Custody of the Clerk, to be perused by jetty Queen Anne, intitul d, An Act for providing a pub- the Members of the House. lick Reward for fuel) Person or Persons as shall discov?r the Longitude at Sea, as relates to the making of Experiments of Proposals for discovering the Longitude at Sea.

The said Books were afterwards delivered hack, by Order of the House;

Rudlefton'i

Estate.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Marti* % 17* Martii\

Anno 14* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1740.

Praters.

SI R James Lozother reported from the Committee to

wli

Mr. Careu\according to Order, reported from the Indemnify-

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to in- '"g Pr«-deinnify Protestant Pnrchafers of Etlatd^'of Papists against the Penaltleb or Forfeitures Papists are liable to, p8pift* ° for not having inrolled their Estates, in pursuance of an Elutes. Act of the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for that Purpose, was committed*

the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and.

— whom the inerotfed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

An Act for vesting certain Manors, Lands and Tene- upon the Questton severally put thereupon, were agreed

ments of William lludleston F.squire, in Trustees, to be to by the House.

fold, for Payment of his Debts, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: Aud he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

St. Botolph An iugrofled P>ill to enable the Parishioners of the Pa-Witbont Aid- rifli of St. Botolph v/Whettot A in the City of gate Church, and County of Middlesex to rebuild the Church and Steeple of the said Parish, was read the I hird time.

Refolvrd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Pm i(h of St. Botolph, without Ald in the City of London, and

County of Middlesex, to rebuild the Church of the said Parish;

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Perry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Levant

Tnui«-

The House being informed, that Mr. De-

puty Governor of the Company of Merchants of England, trading to the Levant Seas, attended at the Door;

He was called in* and, at the Bar, acquainted the House, That the Bye Laws of the said Company, which could not conveniently be transcribed, for want of Time, were contained in their Court and Register Books; and that the said Books were contained in a Box which he had brought with him.

Which Box being brought into the House,

He presented to the House % Schedule of the laid Books.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Schedule was read; and is as followeth;

viz.

Court Books.

N° 1. From A/>rit 1611 to 18 Nov. 1617.

1. From 11 December 1617 to 4 1631.

3. From 7 Feb. 1631 to 12 1640.

4. From 13 Feb. 1640 to 13 J\Tov. 1648.

5. From 7 Dec. 1648 to 10 1O60.

6. From 21 Sept. 1660 to 1669.

7. From 17 Aug. 1660 to 7 1676.

8. From 18 Sept. t6y6 to 2 Sept. 1685.

9. From 9 Sept. 1635 to 13 1699.

10. From 18 08. 1699 to 31 Jan. 1706.

11; From 6 Feb. 1706 to 13 April 7.14.'

j % From 15 April 1714 to 3 June 1720;

13. From 15 June 1720 to 31 Aug. 1726.

14. From 6 Sept. 1726 to 9 March 1733.

15. From 26 Match 1734 to 6 jan. 1740.

Register of Orders begun 7 May 1660, antlending 21

December 1721.

Vol 23.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Mr. Sotilhzvell presented to the House, according to iafurdnee A Order, a Bill to prevent feme InconveniencieS arising Skip*, from lnlurances of Ships t Arid the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time;

Ordered, That the Bill be printed.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Duties «a the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Salt and granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Herring* red ami White Herrings, for a further Term, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- grotled.

The'House proceeded to take into Consideration the Law ton-Amendments, made by the Lords, to the ingrossbd Bill, cernin-r intituled, An Act to amend the Law concerning Common g^0"'^eS. Recoveries; and to explain and amend an Act, made in iheTwerity-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second; intituled, an Act for Prevention ef Frauds and Perjuries, so far as the same relates toEstates pourauireViei And The said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. a. L. 28. Before " Provided," add Clauses marked

A and B.

A: ‘’ And whereas, by the Default or Neglect of Persons employed in suffering Common Recoveries, it has happened, and may happen, that fuel) Recoveries are " not entered on Record; whereby Pnrchafers, for a ira-V luable Consideration, may he defeated of their just " Rights: For Remedy whereof, be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Person or " Persons hath or have purchased, or shall purchase, for " a valuable Consideration, any Estate or Estates in Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, whereof a Recovery " or Recoveries is, are, or were, necessary to be suffered,

" in order to complete the Title such Person and Persons, and all claiming under him, her, or them, having " been in Possession of the purchased Estate or Estate*

" from the time of such Purchase, shall and may, after " the End of Twenty Years from the time of such Purchase, produce in Evidence the Deed or Deeds making

" a Tenant

law concerning Common Recoveries.

684 17 ' Marti \ 1740.

a Tenant to the Writ or Writs of Entry, or other " Writs for fuflering a common Recovery, or common " Recoveries; and the Deed or Deeds so produced, the Execution thereof being duly proved, shall, in alt " Courts of Law and Equity, be deemed and taken as " a good and sufficient Evidence for such Purchaser and " Purchasers, and those claiming under him, her, or " them, and that such Recovery or Recoveries was or '* were duly suffered and perfected, according to the " Purport of such Deed or Deeds, in case no Record " can be found of such Recovery or Recoveries, or the " same should appear not to be regularly entered on " Record. Provided always, That the Person or Per- fons making such Deed or Deeds, as aforesaid, and " declaring the Uses of a common Recovery or Recoveries, had a sufficient Estate and Power to make a " Tenant to such Writ or Writs, as aforesaid, and to " suffer such common Recovery or Recoveries.

B: " And whereas it has frequently happened, That " the Deeds for making the Tenant to the Writs of " Entry, or other Writs for fuflering common Reco- veries, have been loft, or that the Fines or Deeds' " making the Tenants to the said Writs have not been " levied or executed till after the Judgment given in " such Recoveries, and the Writs of Seisin awarded, by reason whereof great Doubts have arisen, whether such

Recoveries, for want of proper Tenants to the Writs, " are good and effectual in Law j to prevent such " Doubts for the future, and in order to render common " Recoveries more certain and effectual, be it Enabled, by the Authority aforesaid, That every common Recovery, already suffered, or hereafter to be suffered, " shall, after the Expiration of Twenty Years from the " time of the fuflering thereof, be deemed good and " valid, to all Intents and Purposes, if it appears, upon " the Face of such Recovery, that there was a Tenant " to the Writ, and if the Persons joining in such Recovery had a sufficient Estate and Power to fuflier the " fame, notwithstanding the Deed or Deeds, for making " the Tenant to such Writ, should be loft, or not appear. And be it further Enabled, by the Authority " aforesaid, That, from and after the Commencement of " this Act, every Recovery, already suffered, or hereafter to be suffered, iba.ll be deemed good and valid, " to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding the Fine, or Deed or Deeds, making the Tenant to such Writ, should be levied or executed after the Time of " the Judgment given in such Recovery, and the Award of " the Writ of Seisin, as aforesaid; provided the same appear to be levied or executed before the End of the " Term in which such Recovery was suffered, and the *' Persons joining in such Recovery had a sufficient Estate, " and Power to suffer the fame, as aforesaid."

Pr. 3. L. 31, 32, 33. Leave out " shall, in all Cases;

be deemed and taken to be Part of the personal Estate " of such deceased Owners

L. 34. After " distributed," infort, "in the same Manner;" and, in the same Line, leave out

Part of."

Clause A, being an ingrossed Clause, was thrice read; and, upon the Queston put thereupon, agreed to-by the House.

Clause B, being read a First and Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon,.amended, by infers ing, after the Words, " before the End of the Term,v and before the Words, " in which such Recovery was " suffered,'’ these Words, " great Session, Session, or " Assizes."

Then the said Clause, being an ingrossed Clause, was read the Third time; and the said Clause, as amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Amendments, being read a Second time, were, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Fazakerleydo carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed

to the Amendments made by their Lordships, with an Amendment to one of them: To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Freehold and Leasehold Estates late of Thomas Lewis, of Soberton, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Money to discharge his Debts and Legacies, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Archer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House so refclve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Preservation of the publick Roads of that Part of Great Britain culled England-,

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of Peregrine Fury, Agent, to his Majesty’s Province of South Carolina, in behalf of the difirefl'ed Inhabitants of Charles Town, in the said Province;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

night, resolve itself into a Committee of thj whole

House, to consider of the said Petition.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to enable the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surry, to raise a further Sum of Money towards finishing the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trustsre-posed in them;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for enlarging the Time for exchanging of Tickets unclaimed in the IVcfminster Bridge Lottery, of the Twelfth Year of his present Mtyelly’s Reign, and for making Provision for Tickets in the said Lottery, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Then the House, resolved itself into the said Cora* m it tee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Sundon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Sundon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next

The other Order of the Day, which was postponed, being again read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Preservation of the publick Roads.of that Part of Great called

England,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Heathcote took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Heathcote reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereuuto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Secretary at War presentedto the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, a list of the reduced

Officers

Lewi* El tale.

PrefertatioA

ofllighways*

Sufferers by Fire at Charles Town, Sooth. Carolina.

Westminster

Bridge*

Preservation of Highways.

Half pay Officers.

i4 Geo. II.

..... M

Officers of his Majesty’s Land forces and Marine*, vthe Township of in the Riding of

entitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an the County oft York, without anyAmeudment. And

17^18° Marti.

ft»lf*pav

Officer.

Widow*.

also, , , . ... t

The Lords have passed a Bill, iutitiiW, An Act for Pemberton's Vesting Part of the Estate. of

Esquire, in the County of Cambridge, in Trullees, to be fojd, for discharging the Incumbrapces thereon!

Eftiuiate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1741.

And he also acquainted the House,', That he had received his Majesty’s Command to lay before tire House, a List of the Widows of such reduced Officers

of his MajestyYLand Forces and Marines, who died,

upon the British Establishment of Half-pay in Great and for settling another Part of his Estate to the.Ules, Britain, and who were married to them before‘the ’ ‘ *’ ‘

S5th of December 1716; with an Estimate of tire Charge thereof, for the Year 1741.

And Mr. Secretary at War presented the said Lifts to the House.

And the Titles of the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

apd for the Purposes t of iiis Marriage Settlement: To < which the Lords defirq the Concurrence of this House* And then the Messengers withdrew*, '

The House proceeded to take into Considerafcion the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Amehd-ment* made by this House, to the ingjroflfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making a Chapel, The said Lifts are bound up with the other Papers lately built by John Coppin Esquire, at Market,

in the Parish of Cadington, in ,the O

daiingto&

Chapel*

Relief of Vebton, kc.

tJounty of Hertford; a perpetual Cure and Benefice; and for other Pnrpolea therein mentioned.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth;

In L. i«, of the Amendment, leave out " and, *’ and after " Assigns," insert, " and their Successorh " respectively."

The said Amendments, being severally reid 4 8* cond time, were, upon the Qu. eft ion. severally Pu* thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Ashby do carry the Bill to thl of Debtors, with respect to the imprisonment of their an<| ^quaint them, That this House Bath

Persons, and Two subsequent Acts for explaining and ag,ee<* to the Amendments, made by their Lordships, amending the same; and also to continue an Act for jyjj C "mea"meD^ n^e By this House to the said

of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock*

W — .« ...-- . — a — —

Mercurii, 180 die;

Anno 14* Georgii lldi Regis, 1740*

P RAVERS.

MR. Henry Archer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue an Act for Relief

the free Importation of Cochineal amT Indicp; was Committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had ilirefted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Qudlion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Orders of* the

Rest raining certain

Dtttircfttt Salt and Herrings.

Day be how react*

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itlelt into a Committee of the whole House upon the RiU to explain and amendI so much of an Scheme, i* Act* made in the Sixth Year of "tlie Reiijn of hi< iut* America. Majesty King George tke First, intituled, An Act for better feeuring certain Powers and Privileges.intended to be granted by his Majesty, by Two Charter#,

for Alfuj-ance of Ships and Merchandizes at Sea; and for lending Money u{>on Bottoiwry; and for restrain-. ing several extravagant and unwarrantable Practices An ingrafted Bill for granting and continuing the therein mentioned; as relates tx> the extravagant and Duties upon Salt, and upon red and white Herrings, unwarrantable Practice* therein mentioned; for a further Term, was read the Third time. Refulved, That Urn House will, upon Friday Morn*

Rejoined, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole be, An Act for granting and continuing the Duties House, upon the said BiH*: ’

upon Salt, and upon red and white Herrings,-for the , . w*

further Term of Seven Years; and for allowing Rock The Ordwpf the Day being read, so ® , SdPPT*

Salt to be ufisd in making of Salt from Sea Water, at re^o ve ' Into.a ^'jroitlee of she w 10

-- - - - - tn consider further of the Supply granted to

Majesty; ' ' ‘ 1 ,i

Rejoined, That this House win* Upon this Dajr

Sevennight, resolve itself into the £aicl Committee. w,

- _____ O — *-9-

the Salt-works at Neath, in the County of Glamorgan, Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr. Monlasue:

Cadington

Chapel.

OCcr. and f£rop!ay-menu.

Wakefield

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by this House, to the ingrafted Bill from the Lords,' intituled, An Act for making a Chapel, lately built by John Coppin Esquire, at Market Street, in the Parish of Cadington, in the County of Hertford, a

which Amendments the Lords defi re the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the

Way* and Maan*.

The other Order of t-be Day being read; -v R joked, That this House will, upon this Day Se-vennigljt, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty*

An ingrafted Bill to indemnify Protestant Purcna- Indemnify.* fers of El'tates of Papi against the Penalties or For- ing Pmtef-perpetual Cure and Benefice; and for other Purposes feitufcs Papists are liable to, for not having inrolled *a»i Purcha-therein mentioned} with some Amendments:. To -their filiates, in puffuance of an Act of the Thind

A----- r *i._ r*----- Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

the First, for that ‘Pta.rpose, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act to indemnify rrotestant Purchasers of Estates of Papists, against the Penalties or Forfeitures Time limited by I.aw, and for allowing further Time Papists are liable to, for not Having inrolled their

for that Purpose, without any Amendment. And also, Estates, in pursuance of an Act of the Third Year of

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act the Reign of his late Majesty fCing George the Eirll, to Pontefract, fop repairing the Road from Wakefield to Ptmtefraft, for that Purpose.

«<c. Road*. and from thence to a Place cal led /fee/nwr^intheTowit- Ordered, That MTr. do carry the Bill to tht

Hi ip of Henfall, and from PontefraR to Went bridge, in Lords, and defiretheir Concurrence.

Voi.. 23.'

686 i8® — 19® Maria. A. 1740.

Fe»bfrtMi,i

Estate*

Hud It ft on’f

Estate.

Law concerning common Recoveries*

Duke of Beaufort’s 4c. Estate.

Viscount Gar nock’s Estate.

Duka of Manchester’s Estate.

Duke of Beau forts, 4c. Estate.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Francis Pemberton Esquire, in the County of Cambridge, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging the Incumbrances thereon; and forfcttling another Part of his Estate to the Uses, and for the Purposes of his Marriage Settlement; was read the First ttme.

Rejblvcd, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Aftforveftingcertain Manors, Lands, and Tenements, of William Hudleflon Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold,

for Payment of his Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir James do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by this House, to one of the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend the Law concerning common Recoveries; and to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty* ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries, so far as the same relates to Estates pour autre Fie. And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing and confirming a Partition agreed to be made between Henry Duke of Beaufort, and William Duke of Portland, of the several Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Southampton and Wilts, whereof they are seised as Tenants in common; and for settling their specific Shares and Allotments to such Uses as their undivided Moieties thereof now stand limited; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the I»rdsdefire the Concurrence of this House. And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable George Viscount of G, or the succeeding Heirs of Eutail,tofell Lands, in the Counties of Dun~ barton and Air, for Payment of Debts charged there-upon; and to purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same U fes as the Estate to be sold is settled: To which the Lordiflefire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messenger* withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. White have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Two of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And An iugrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Robert Duke of Manchester to make a Jointure on his present Duchess; and to make I cases of certain Parts of his Estate; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. White do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Lord Charles Noel Somerset have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing and confirming a Partition agreed to lie made between Henry Duke of Beaufort, and William Duke of Portland, of the several Manors, Messuages, Linds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Southampton and Wilts, whereof they are seised as Tenants in common; and for settling their specifick Shares and Allotments to such Uses as their undivided Moieties thereof now stand limited; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time. itefolred. That the Bill lie read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Prowse have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And \

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate of John Neale Esquire, in the County of Bucks', and for settling another Estate, in the County of Warwick,in lieu thereof; was read the Third time.

Refilled, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Proufedo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges anti Commit*. Elections be adjourned. of Privilcg*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 190 dieMartii;

Anno 14* Georgii Udi Regis, 1740.

Prayer*.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Thifllf-to enable Francis Thijtlethwaite Esquire, and the d»'vaite\ Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname is*-of Whithed, pursuant to the Will and Codicils of Richard Whithed Esquire; deceased, was read the.

Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Tracy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Vifcwnt to enable George Viscount of Garnock,or the succeeding Heirs of Entail, to fell Lands, in the Counties of Dunbarton and Air, for Payment of Debts charged thereupon; and to purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estate to be sold is settled; ,

was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Sundon, according to Order, reported \V< from the Committee of the whole House, towhoril the Bridge. - Bill to enable the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of to the opposite Shore in the County of Surry, to raise a further Sum of Money towards finishing the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed ih them, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place,.and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table;

Where the Keport was read; and all the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, except the last, being severally read a Second time, upon the Question put thereupon, one of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said,

Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Clothiers of Burford, TVi/nni, and ClaqHeftin* other Places adjacent, in the County of Oxford, was *'*} \v^ presented to the House, ami read; complaining of thedeftruftive Licence many Persons have taken, of late Years, for letting up in the Clothing Trade, without having either ferven a lawful Appi enlidhip to the fame, or having proper Skill in the Mamifnfture: Ami therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring r-.x

in a Bill for the further and better Regulation of the ClothingTrade; ami that such further Belief may be given, as to the House shall leeni meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Improvement of the Manufacture

IWfely Upright Cate, lie* Road*,

Doncafttr to York Road*.

Kenfingtoa, Jtc, Road*

Setenooku, Ac. Roads,

Jtoyfton, Itc. Roads.

Chatteris F«rry Road.

*W at©c beach Drainage,

fiainfborgh

Church,

Earl

Cowprr*

Rdst

14 Geo. II.

19* Martiii

(>$7

The Lords have passed a Blit, Intituled, An Act for cio^n'i vacating a Term of One hundred Years in j voluntary Srttlement Settlement, made by Sir Hugh Clapton Knight; and for creating a new Term of One thou fund Years in lieu thereof, for the Purposes therein mentioned s To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House*

And then the Messengers withdrew.

fasture of Woollen Broad Cloth, and to prevent Abuses in the making of the fame, is committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Stnoyer and

Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

Tire Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act,

passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late A Petition of several Merchants and others, in behalf Apple's

Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for of themselves, and their Correspondents in Jamaica, repairing and widening the Road from Horseley Up- of the Officers commanding the Six new raised Inde- Rameau. right Gate, leading down Bowden Hill, in the County pendant Companies of Foot there, and of or Wilts, to the Top of KingJ'doum Hill, in -the Parish Fitkwilliam Esquire, Captain of an Independant Com-1

of Rev, in the said County, without any Amendment, pany of Foot in the Island of Hero Providence, WaS And also, preftmted to the House, and read; fetting forth, That,

The Lords haveagreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Dy the Failure and Insolvency of* Henry Popple Effor repairing the Roads from Doncafer, through Ferry- quire, _who was appointed Agent by the Crown, the

bridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross, and also Six new raised Independant Companies of Foot in that from Ferrybridge to Wetherby, and from thence to Island incurred a Loss of 6*249/. > 4 as does

Boroughbridge, in the County of York, without any appear by a Report signed by the Right Honourable Amendment: And also, Henry Pelham Esquire, Paymaster General of his Ma*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act jesty’s Forces, and the Right honourable Sir for inlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, Yonge Baronet, his Majesty'* Secretary alWar, bearing made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Ma- Date the 14th Day of November \ 7 39, upon a Refe* jesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for re- rence from the Right honourable the Lords Commit* pairing the Hoads in the Parishes of Kensington, Chelsea, sioners of his Majesty’s Treafsry-; the Particulars of and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned,in which Sum, as well as the feveia 1 Claims of the Pcti* the County of Middlesex; and for repairing some tioners, are fully set forth in the said Report, and ait other Roads in the Parish of St. George, Hanover Account thereunto annexed s That, since*the said Re« Square, and the said Parishes of Kensington and port was made to the Lords Commissioners of the Chelsea; without any Amendment And also, Treasury, the Petitioners applied' to their Lordships fof

The Ix>rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Relief, and received for Atmver, that Application must for inlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two be made to this House: And that the said Henm

j ot* Parliauieilt *>nt\niwl I. 4iia LI n d n 1 an din r» \ir4* 111' near /L ktt \X/ ak«a n A. . 1 "

from Sevenoaks to

from Wt ood/gate

Kent; and also for repairing the Roads from Kipping's

,in the sum of i, Si6/.

Account to the Petition annex.ed, Rated at Office, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant U,.:,ar Date 3d Day of April 1739: And therefore praying thf House to take the Premises into their Consideraonn

C’nj/raforesaid, to Lamberhurst Poundand Pullen's Hill,

in the said County, and to Flimioell Vent, in the County of Sussex; without any Amendment. And

also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

indebted to him, for his own and the Company’s’p

17'- ajrf. a, »ppMr/tyX

Consideration;

to in large the Terms and Powers granted by Three and grant to the Petitioners such Relief, as to the several Acts, made in the Ninth and Twelfth Years House shall seem meet.

of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and iti ' Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majest y' the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, King George the First, for amending the Highways having been informed of the Contents of the saidPeti-leading from Royfion, in the County of Hertford, to tion, recommends it to the Consideration of the House. Wandsford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, so Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upontheTable.

far as the same relates to the Hoads lying in the Ordered, That the several Reports, made to the middle and South Divisious of the said High ways;, Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer without any Amendment. And also, of his Majesty’s Exchequer, relating to Mr. Henry

The Lords haveagreed to the Bill,intituled, An Act Popple's Debt to the Independant Companies in the to inlarge tin* Terms and Powers granted by an Act, West Indies, be laid before this House. made in the First Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from The other Order of the Day being read;

Chatteris Ferry, which divides the 1 lie of Ely from the llefolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

County of Huntingdon, to Hammonds Emu, and from Morning, resolve itself into a. Committee of the whole thence XoSomersham Hridge,atSoniersham'sown sYnd, House, toconsiderof the Report from the Committee, iuthesaidCounty,\vithouta»y Amendment. And also, to whom the Petition -several Landholders, Malt- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act fters, and Brewers, in the Counties of EJfcr,

for the effectual Draining and Preservation of Water- Surry, and Kent, whole ISames are thereunto sub-

feribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others concerned in the Growth of Corn, and the Manufacture and Ule of Malt, was referred.

beach Level, in the county of ; and to

establish an Agreement, made between the Lord of the Manor of 7Yaterbeach cum Denny, and the Commoners within the said Manor; without any Amendment. And also,

'I he Lords haveagreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for finishing ami completing the Parish Church of Gainsburgh, in the County of Lincoln, without any Amendment. And also.

intituled, An Act for discharging Part of the settled F, ft ate of William Earl Cowper, in the County of Hert-

ford,from the Uses and Limitations of a former Settlement; and for settling and securing an Equivalent for the fame, to the tike Lies: To which the Lords desire -the Concurrence of this House, Aqd also, y^-L. 23.

Corn ofr4 in DistifUn lion.

Ordered, That Mr. have Leave to

make a Motion, it being after Two of the Clock,

And he moved the I-souse accordingly: And,

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An

..... , Act for explaining and making more effectual an Act,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for marie in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his nrefent

explaining and making moreetfeftual an Act, made in Majesty, intituled* did for cliicharging Part of

the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the settled Estate of Earl in the County of , f rom tneUfes and Limitations

of a former Settlement; and for settling and an Equivalent for the fame, to /jj,-e; was read the First time.

That the Bill he read a Second time,

£*ri

Cowper*

EfUte.

Ordered,

.*V7^ by

(588

Clop ton*# Settlement*

19* — to'Martii.

A. if

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mor havd Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrolled Bill front the Lords, intituled, An Act for vacating a Term of One hundred Years, in a voluntary Settlement made by Sir Clopton

Knight, and for creating a new Term of One thousand Years in lieu thereof, for the Purposes thereiu mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Lift of th£ Widows of (Captains, Lieutenant^’ Matters, and Warrant Officers, of his Majesty’a Ship* of War intitled to the l'und arising from the Three Fence in the Pound deducted from the Whole and Half-pay of the Officers of the Navy, together with an Account of what has been paid to each Widow, from 30th Augtift 1732 to 30th August 1740, distin--

guishing each Year; as also how much the said Fund has produced each Year: And also,

A Lift of the Widows of Captains, Lieutenants,

Mailers, and Warrant Officers, of his Majesty’s Ships And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow of Wari intitled to the Fund arising from the Pay and

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

ytneris, 20° die Martii;

Anno 14* Georgii IP* Regis, 1740.

NanufaAure of Ctott) in Yorkshire.

P* AYERS.

MR. Cholmley Turner reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to explain and amend a former Act, passed in the Eleventh Year, of the Reign of Ms late Majesty King George the First, for the better regulating of the Manufacture of Cloth, in the West Riding of the County of York; and for making the said Acts more effectual; was committed; That the Committee had examined tire Allegations of the Bill, and found the made t® the Bill; and winch they had directed him same to be true; and that the Committee had gone to report to the House; and he read the Report in through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: Aud he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered tire Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Report was read.

Aud the House being acquainted, That fevCra! other

Victualling of the Widows Mari, ellahlished for their1 Relief, togetlter writh what Iras been paid to each Widow', from the 30th of August 1735 to the 30th of August 1740, distingnishing each Year; as atl'o how much the said Fund has produced each Year.

And then Ire withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Lifts are bound up with the other Paper* of this Session.

Sir John Heathcote,according to Order, reported prerenrMi« from the Committee of the whole House, to whotn the of High- Bill for the better Preservation of the publick Roads of *'*>*

that Part of Great Britain called was committed, the Amendments which the Connnittee had

his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

An

ingrossted Bill to continue an Act for Relief of

tdmandt’

Estate.

Amendments were necessary to be made to the said Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their &IU Peffons, and Two subsequent Acts for explaining and

amending the same; and also to continue an Act for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; \vas read the Third tirhe.

That the Bill do pars: And that the Title be, An Act to continue an Act for Relief of Debtors,

Relief of Debtors*

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That tive said Bill be re-committed to the same Committee.

Sir Miles Stapylton reported from the Committee,

to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, with rfrfpeft to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Two subsequerit Acts for explaining and amending Edmunds Esq.uire, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising the same; and also to Continue an Act for the fre4

Money to discharge the Debts of himself, and his late Father, deceased; and for settling another Estate, of

Seater Value, in lieu thereof, was committed; That e Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone tlxrtnigh the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; winch they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth;

Pr. 15. L. 33. After " afore-mentioned," insert and to the said Term of Five hundred Years, limited by the first recited. Settlement, and the.Trusts thereof declared."

Lmstr

Trade.

u

*t

Importation of Cochineal and Indico.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Archer do carry the Bill to the Lords, abd detire their Concurrence.

A Bill for enlarging and regulating the Trade to the Levant Seas, was read a Second time.

Rsfolved, That tlx Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said BilL

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ReOrainiaf to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, certain upon the Bill toexplain and amend so much of an Act, Scheme*

America.

The said Amendment, being read a Second Time, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Ma

Increaff of Seamen*

Naval

Officer#

Widow#*

was, upon the Qoeftiou put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That tire ingrossed Bill for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen, and for the better and speedier Manning his Majesty’s Fleet, be read the Third time upon Monday Morning next.

The House being informed, that Mr. William Corbett, Paymasterof the Pensions payable to the Widows of the Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy, attended at the Door;

He was.called in; ar.d, at the Bar, prdented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

jesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for better securing certain Powers and Privileges intended to be granted by his Majesty, by Two Charters, for Assurance of Ships and Merchandizes at Sea, and for lending Money upon Bottomry; and for restraininslj several extravagant and unwarrantable Practices. therein mentioned; as relates to the extravagant and unwarrantable Practices therein mentioned; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. -Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Bladen took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Col bud

St. Botolph’* without Altaic i'burch.

Selby, Ire* Hoads.

Earl of Strafford’s U'late.

Province of Georgia.

DiscoTeiy of the Longitude.

Westminster

Bridge.4

Committee

of

Privilege*.

14 Geo. If*

20

21

Martii.

Colonel, Bladen reported from the Committee, That

they had gon<-through the Hill, and madefeveral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House wdl ideafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

A Mdiiige from the Cords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The l.ords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable flit' Parishioners of the Parish of St. without Aldgate, in the City ol , and County of

Middlefejr, to rebuild the Church of the said Pan 111, without any Amendment. And a!so,

The Ix>rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of ,to the Town of Leeds; and from thence, in Two several Branches, one through Bradford and and the

other through Bowling and , to the Town of

Halifax, in the same Riding; without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable William Earl ol Strafford, an Infant, of about the

Age of Nineteen Years, to make a Settlement of his Mate, upon nis Marriage with the Lady Anne Campbell: To which the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the I-ords, intituled, An Act to enable IVdliam Earl of Strafford, an Infant, of a bout the Age of Nineteen Years, to make a Settlement of his Ellate, upon his Marriage with the Lady Anne Cumpbell, was read the Firli time.

Rcjblved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonlider of the Slate of the Province of Georgia in America;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered by this House to attend the said Committee upon this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain so much of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, as relates to the making of Experiments of Proposals for discovering the Longitude at Sea

Ordered, That t lie further C onfiderat ion of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Sutry, to raise a further Sum of Money towards linishing the said Bridge, and to -perform the; other Trulls reposed in them, was committed, be further adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House amounted till Tomorrow Morning, Nipe of the Clock.

689

Voc 03.

Sabbati, 2t° die Martii;

Anno 14® Georgii IIdl R^fP* 174°*

P R a v k it s.

A M ESS AGE from the Lords* by Mr.

1 and Mr. Monfdgu 4 Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, Intituled, An Act Duties fan for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and Salt and upon red and white Herrings, lor the fdrther Term of ^urrl"8*

Seven Years; and for allowing Rock Salt to be used in

making of Salt from Sea Water, at the Salt Works at

Neath, in the County of Glamorgan; without any

Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the 13*11, intituled, An Act 4ndemnify-to indemnify Proteliant Purchasers of Eftatcsof Papills, against the Penalties or Forfeitures Papills are liable to* , hafers of for not having inrolled their Flintes in purfoanco of an Papf;»

Act, of the Third Year of the Keigr* of his late Majesty tifiws.

King George the Firli, for that Purpose, without any Amendment. And also,

'I he Lords haveagre d to the Rill, intituled, An Act Cogg . for appointing new CommiUi->Uf 1 s and Trullees, for fcttate. putting in Execution an Act, paiieft in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituLd,

An Act for vesting the Eftase a., ft linLcts of John Coggs and John Dann, Goldsmiths and Copartners, iuTrustees, for the speedier Payment of theftr Creditors, and for determiningDifferences thereupon, withouvniy Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Rill, intituled, An Act Doncaster to for repairing the Road from JDart carter, through the Salterlbrooke Parish of Penijton,in the County of York, to Salterlbrooke ^oati.

in the County of Chester; and id Co the Road from Ro-theram, in the said County of l~or/c, to UartclifTe Hill in the said Parish of Pen ft on; without any Amendment And also,

The Lords have agreed lo Bill, intituled, A, AS

for repairing the Roads from aPlace called Redhouie near 'Vake<*et«t Doncaf.er, to Wakefield; and through the said Town of Wakefield, by Dewsbury, High town, and Lightcliff, to the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Towu 1

of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengors withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the fjords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled T'.state of Thomas Edmunds ’ Esquire, in Trustees, to he fold, for raising Money to discharge the Debts of him fell* and his late Father, deceased; and for settling another Ellate, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Rill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir NT ties Slapylton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment: To which Amendment this House doth deiii e the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Ordered, That tlxe Governor and Company of Merchants of Englimd, trading to the Levant Seas, do Jay before this House, au Account of the Number of Ships employed by them ir» tli* said Trade, for Thirty Years pall; distinguishing the Number of Ships employed by them in each Year, and the Tonnage thereof. -.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Sawyer and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by this House to the Bill* intitul^ j^ex for veiling Part of the settled Ellate of \hctmas Edmunds Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for rai^j^ Money to difcltarge

8 N tb#

Hoads.

Ealand to

Edmund*’

Eliaic.

Levant

Trade.

EJmumW*

Effate,


:#i

6yo

21* Martii.

A-

1740.

the Drhfs of himself, and his late Father, deceased; and An Act for repairing the Road from to Pon-

for settling another Estate of greater Value, in lieu and from thence to a Place called in

thereof

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Xuflrivig’s The Lord SidneyBeaucl reported from the Cora-bat* mil tee. to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing liver ard John Lit dewig, was committed. 'Unit the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to lie true, and hail directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Sidney Beauclerk do carry the , Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House

hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton,. Gentleman Ullier of the Black Rod:

M r. Speaker,

tlieTownship of Henfall', and from Pontefract to bridge, in the Township of in the West

Riding of the County of York:

An Act for inlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Art, passed, in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Art

for repairing and widening the Road from -

right Gate, leading down Boiode Hill, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Kingsdown Hill, in the Parish of Box, in the said County:

An Act for inlarging the Terra and Powers granted by an Art, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, AnArt for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Chelsea, and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; and for repairing feme other Roads in the Parish of George Hanover Square, and the said Parishes of Kensington and Chelsea: An Act for inlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two Arte of Parliament, for repairing the Roads leading from Sevenoaks to and Tunbridge

Rcynl A (Tent to Bills.

The King commands this honourable House to attend and from Woodsgate to in the

his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers. County of Kent; and also for repairing the Hoads from

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up Cross aforesaid to Pound, and

to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers: And being returned. Mr. Speaker reported, That the House bad attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty waS'plealed to give the Royal AlTent to the fever.d publick and private Bills following; viz.

Pullen's HiU, in the said County, and to FlimzceU Vent, in the County of Stiffex:

An Act for repairing the Roads from through Ferrybridge,’ to the South Side of- Tudeafer Cross-,'and also from Ferrybridge to Wetherby, and from

An Art for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, thence to in the County of York

Cvder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England-, and for granting to Ins Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mom, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-one:

An Act to ialarge the Terms and Powers granted by Three several Arts, made in the Ninth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending the Highways leading

AnArt for granting and continuing the Duties upon from tn the County of Hertford, to

Salt, and upon red and white Herrings, for the further the County of Huntingdon, so far as the fame

Term of Seven Years; and for allowing Rock Salt to be jrelate to the Roads lying in the Middle and South trfed in making of Salt from SeaWater at the Salt Works Divisions of the said Highways:

at Neath, in the County of Glamorgan: An Act to inlarge the Terms and Powers granted by

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for an Art, made in the Pinft Year of his present Majesty’* the-better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters:. Reign, intituled, Aw Art for repairing the Road leading An Art t'o prohibit, for a Time therein limited, the from which divides the Ille of Ely from

Exportation of Corn, Grain (Rice excepted), Meal, Mast, Flour, Rread, Bifeuit, Starch, Beef, Pork, and BacbiV:

Au Art to amend the Law concerning Common Re

the County of Huntingdon, to Hammond's Eau, and from thence to Somersham Bridge, at Somersham Towns End, in the said County:

AnArt for repairing the Road from Diwieq/fcr, through

eoveries; and to explain and amend an Art, made in the Parish of in the County of York, to

Twenty-niuth Year of the Reign of King Charles the brook c, in the Countynf and also theRoad from

Rotherham, in the said County of to Hill, vti die said Parish of Peuifon:

Secohd, intituled, An Act for Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries, so far as’the same relates to Estates pour aultje

Vti:

An Act to prevent I neon veniencies afifuig from Delays of'Cflufes after Iiflfue joined

An Act for repairing the Roads from a Place called Redfause, near Doncafer, to Wakefield, and through the said Town of Wakefield, by Dewsbury, and

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to to tbfc Town of Halifax, in the West Riding

qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within of the County of York:

the Time limited by Lhw^, apd. for allowing further ' Ti(rie for tirlit Purpose: '

An Act to indemnify ProtestantPurchafers of Estates ^ofPapilts against the Penalties or ForfaitiiresPapiltsare liable to, fof not having inrolled their Estates, in pur fiance of an Art of the Third Year of the Reign of his late Myitliy Ring George the First, for that Pitrpose:

Ati' Art 'to render the Laws more effort ual for pre-

An Act for repairing the Road leading from Ealand to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for repairing and inlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of

York, to the Town of Leeds, and from thence, in Two several Branches, one through Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bawling and to the Town

yepting:'! he Stealing and Destroying of Shepp, and other of Halifax, in the same Riding

' Cat.t K

Au-Art for liqenfitig the Importation of Virtual from Ireland)and ottv't Parts beyond the Seas, into Scotland, in Time of Dearthtund‘Scarcity:

An Act to explain , and amend an Art, made In the ThiirPYear of the Reign of King James the Firii, intituled, An Act for the Recovering of Small Dejsts; and for the Relieving of poor Debtors in London:

An1’Act to im power Joji-ph Porter,'James 'Bourdieu, arid Abraham Defmarelte, to import, a certain Quantity of raw Silk; of the Growth of Spain, from Leghorn

An Act for incorporating the Undertakers of the Navigation of the Uiver Dee:

An Act for supplying the City of Gloucester withfrelh Water:

All Art for the effectual Draining and Preservation of Waterbcach Level, in the county of ; and to

establish an Agreement made between the Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach cum Denny and the Commoners within the said Manor:

An Act for appointing new Commissioners and Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the 8th

YeaY

14 Geo. II. 210 — 2 30 Mar tit- 691

Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen A tint, inti- lying in the Manor and Parish of Sherjioti Afagtia, in the Royal Affeat

tilled, An Act for vesting the Estate and F.ffefts of John County: , to Bill*.

Coggs and John Dann, Gold fruit Its. and Copartners, in An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common.

Traders, for the speedier Payment of their Creditors* Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and and for determining Differences thereupon: Wade Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of,

An Act for finilliing and completing the Parish Church in the County of Warwick: of Gainshurgh, in the County of Lincoln:An Act to enable John Rice, and his Heirs, to take

An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of and use the Surname pursuant to the Will of

Bo/ol})h, without Altlgate, in the City of London, and John Tutt, Gentleman, deceased: County of Middlefct, to rebuild the Church of the said An jAct for enabling Edward , an Infant, and

Parish: ? , the Heirs Male of his Body, to take 'the Surname of

An Act for making the Chapelrffdf’Nclher Knutfford, Greene, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Greene Esquire,

in the Parish of Rojtlieni, ami County of Chester, a fe- deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: parate and distinct Parish; and for erecting a Parish An Act to enable Francis Thijllelhzcaite Esquire, and.

Church therein, endowing the fame, settling the Right the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Presentation thereto, and other Purposes: ' of Whished, pursuant to the Will and Codicils of Richard

An Act for making a Chapel, lately built by John Whithed Esquire, deceased: Coppin Esquire, at Market Street, in the Parish of Ca- An Act for veffing Part of the Fettled Estate of Tho-dington, in the County of Hertford,a perpetual Cureand mas Edmunds Esquire, inTrultees, to be sold, forraifing

Benefice; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: Money, to discharge the Debts of him fedb and his latd

An Act for enabling Robert Duke of Manchester to Father, deceased, and for settling another Estate, of make a Jointure on his present Duchess; and to make greater Value, in lieu thereof:

Leases of certain Parts of his Estate; and for other An Act for naturalizing John

Purposes therein mentioned: Esquire:

An Act for vesting the Seat and E/states of Nicolas late An Act for naturalizing Martin. Kuyck Fan Mierop:

Earl of Scar/Uale, deceased, in the several Counties of An Act for naturalizing Gideon. DourdiUon, Joint

Derby and Nottingham, comprised in his Settlement and David Billon, and Mathew tioujrnan

Will, and the Furniture there, at his Death, in Trustees, An Act naturalizing alias Smith:

to be sold, for speedier Payment of his Debts, and pre- An Act for naturalizing Erneji licirtiard: serving the Surplus, to go according to his said Settle- An Act for naturalizing Everarti Ludewig.

ment and Will:: . -

An Act for vesting in William Wildman, Lord Viscount And then tlieMoufe adjourned till Monday

Barrington in the Kingdom of Ireland, for Life, certain Morning, Nine-of the Clock.

M effitages and Tenements, in the City of London, late the Estate of Mary Lady Vifeoitnlefe Barrington, his Wife, upon the Terms mentioned in their Marriage Settlement:

An Act for enabling Sir John Jennings, and George Jennings Esquire, his Son, a Minor, to convey certain Estates, in Surry and Ilertfordshire, for the Benefit of the said George Jennings, and such Wife as he shall marry, and the Issue of such Marriage:

An Act for veftrfig Part of the Tythes of Ryegate,in

the County of Surry, in Robert ScatCen Esquire, and his Heirs, and for settling another Estate to the Uses limited of the said Tythes by the Will of’Sir William Scawen Knight, deceased:

An Act for vesting the Freehold ancELeafelioId Estates late of Thomas Lewis,'of Sobertoh, Esquire, deceased, In

Trustees, to be sold, for raising M6;iey to discharge his Debts and Legacies:

An Act for vesting certain Manors; Lands, and Tene* tnents, of William Hadlcfun Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts:

An Act for Safe of flic Eftijte of John Neale Esqqire,

ki the County of Bucks, and for settling another Estate, in the County oF Wanoick, in lieu thereof:

An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Thomas Western Esquire, in file'County of Buckingham, in him, and

his Heirs; and for settling another Estate, in the Coqnty of Cambridge,of greater Y'alud, to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; and also for rendering a Power of Revocation, contained in that Settlement, more effectual,

For the Purposes thereby intended: "

An Act for dividing and inclosing several open Fields, Mr. Ch reported from the Committee to jj9ntIfai<}ur# Pastures, and Commons, in the Townships of Great whom the Bill for copt i nui ng an Act., passed in the Seventh ,f c"oth in* Driffield and Little Driffield, in the County of York; Year of the lleign of his present Majesty, to explain and York fli ire.

and for settling certain yearly Payments to the Preben- amend a former Act» passed in the Eleventh Year of the dary of Driffield, for the Time being, in lieu of his Reiga of his late Majesty King G corgethe First, for the

Tythes, pursuant to an Agreement, and an Award, better regulating the Manu/afture of Cloth in the AVeft made for those PurposesRiding of the County of York; and for making the said An Act for confirming and estabtishing Articles of Aftsmore effectua.1 j was re-committed; That the Corn-Agreement, and an Award, for dividing and inclosing mittee hftd.made fev<:ral other Amendments to tltel Bill; certain Common Fields, and a Common called Chawton which they had din.e£2-^d House; a tel Common, in the Pari (h of Chaw toil, in {lie County of he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Southampton:; - the Bill, with, the A.inend/nenta,

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields Wiiere the Amendments were read once throughout:

Voi.. 23. v And

-Ml

Lunat, 2 f die I;

Anno 14° Georgii III. Regis, TJ40.' '

’Pit AY.E E S.:

AN ingrossed Bill from the' Lords, intituled, An Ah

for explaining and making more6fteftuaf An Act, Cowp'r* made in the Twelfth Ydar oF the Reign of his prefect, Estate. Majesty, intituled,‘ An Act for discharging Part of thd settled E/ft&te of WitlianiTarX Cowper, iii the County of Hertford, from the Uses and Limitations of a former Settlement; and for settling and fechfing an Equivalent for the same to the like Uses j was read a Second t ime.

'Re/blved, That the Bill be ^committed to'Mr . 1 '

Pturner, Mr. Hales, \lj*. JEJa't'fe, Mr-Caretoy Sir Nathanael Cu?'~o?7. *Sir Jetties Gtyd*

Ord, Mr. Wiimfon, Mf. 'TWy Sir John Turner.

Mr. Treby, Mr. Ofbnldejfon, Mr. WhicBcdte, Sir.Plump?

tre, Mr. I.ongueville, Sir CJeo. Cq/icql/,. Sir Jamis Ldzo-ther. Sir John Rushout, Sir llob&ft tifn'nrd, Mr. rsir.

General Handajyde, Mr. C holm ley T\rHcr, Lord AoeL Somerset, Dr. Butler, ' ^‘1 r... Hooper-, Mr. Protvfe, M Gybbon, Mr. Packer, Ntr. &radjhaig/i; 'Air.Southwell, \ljr.

Lindefay, Sir Miles Stapy hi oh. Lord Mr. LytfcJ-

ton, Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr. Leheup, Sir. Finch, \f r.

Harley, Mr. Howe, Mr. Gore; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford and Kent, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternpon, at Five of thedock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

230 Martii. A. 1740.

And the First Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, Fol. 2 L. 7, alter " Cloth," to in hit or being Owner?, Farmers, or Occupiers, of any Fulling Mill," being read a Second time;

' And the Quell ion being put, That the I Ioufedo agree With the Comhiittce ii\ the said Amendment;

The I louse divided.

The Nock went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas

Tellers for the NoeJ?j t ,9.

(Mr. Came: 3 J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Tl.c rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee

to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time,

were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with

an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the 1 louse.

Ordered, Thai the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

.I. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lc^LiLue. forestablilliing and confirming a Partition agreed to be made between llenry Duke of Beaufort and William Duke of Portland, of the several Manors, Meft'nages, Lauds, l’enements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Southampton and Wills, whereof they are seised, as Tenants in common; and for settling their specifick Shares and Allotments to such Uses as their undivided Moities thereof now (land limited; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harley, Lord Charles Noel Somerset, Mr. , Mr

Knight, Mr. Came , Mr. Lifter, Sir Edward Lord Barrington, Sir Charles Mr. Mr.

Sandy>, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Mr. Baptist-Iwve-

son Gower, Mr Packer, Mr. Mr. Foley, Lord

Limerick, Mr. Compton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Digby, Sir Nathanael Curxon, Mr. Southwell, Sir Mr.

Hooper, Mr. Bathurst, Dr. Butler, Sir Edmund Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Wright, Mr. Crawley, Mr. Proby, Mr. Price, Nli*. Tryby, Mr. Young, Mr. , Lord

Guertfey, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Mr.

Drummond, Mr. Hales, Mr. l^egge, Sir James Grant, Lord Baltimore, Lord Quarrendon; and all the Members w ho. serve for the Counties of Southampton and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

♦Jloi'ton’s . An ingrossed Bill.from the Lords, intituled, An Act Settlement. for vacating a Term of One hundred Years in a voluntary Settlement, made by Sir Hugh Clapton K.night, and for creating a new Term of One thousand Years, in lieu thereof, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a ‘Second tithe.

.11 foiled, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles 'Mordaunl, Mr. JLtrley, Mr. Sandys, Mr. , Mr. Kyntijton, Mr. Hooper, Mr Lord Mr.

'Lockwoo I, Mr. Herbert, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Longues Hie, Mr. I^egge, Lord Baltimore, Lord Barrington, Sir James Mr. Carexo, Lord Gage,

Lord Quartendon, Sir E Mr , Mr.

Ash, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Compton, Sir M. Stapylton, Mr. Ho we, Mr. Hay, Mr. AIatfcl, Mr. Ashby, Sir James

-tMid her, Mr. Southwell, Sir Nathanael Curxon, Mr.

Wilkitfon, Mr. Gybbon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick and:

"And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Fembertou’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lord?, intituled, An Act Mate. for veiling Part of Iho Estate of Rf-

i<p»ire, in the County of Cambridge, in Tritftees, to he fold, for dischurghig the Incumbrances thereon, and for . settling another Part of his Eftste to the Uses and for ’the Purposes of his Marriage Settlement, was read a Second time.

Rtfolyed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas ao

fMr. Cholmley Turner,)

’(Mr. Richard Planter y

Townshend, Mr. Walpole> Mr* Plump/re. Sir Wm. Corbet, Mr. Longueville, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr Mr.

Earle, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Hales, Mr. Keene, Mr. Legge, Mr. Arundel, Mr. While, Mr. Mr. Bankes,

Mr. Potency, Mr. Trefttfis, Mr \Ir. Sir

Nicolas Williams, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Nlr. At-

torney General, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Planter, Mr. Hay, Mr. Whitioorth, Mr. Hunger ford. Sir James

Mr. Carexo, Mr. Digby, Nlr. Secretary at War, Mr.-Lindefay, Mr. Vt/ner, Mr. TrMr. , Sir Lowther, Mr. Tracy, Mr. H Mr. Mr. Harley, Sir Charles Moribund, Mr. Knight, Mr. Lifter, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. PaMr. Popham, Mr. Foley, Mr. Compton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sir M.

Stapylton, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Balhurst, Dr. Butler, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Proby, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Fane, Sir James Grant, Mr. OJbaldefloat.Sir John . Mr.

Brad/haigh, Mr. Bowles, Sir Thomas Sir,

LyddeU.; and all the Members who serve for the County of CambridgeAnd they arc to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the I louse to ciandeftin« rel’olve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, upon Exportatioa the Bill for the Improvement of the Manufacture of 01 Wool. Woollen Broad Cloth, and to prevent Abuses in the Making of the same;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

An ingrossed Bill for the Encouragement and Increase increase of of Seamen j and for the better and speedier Manning his Seaiueu. Majesty’s Fleet; was, according to Order, read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, to oblige the Officers appointed to enterand receive Seamen who shall offer themselves to’ferveon board his Majesty’s Ships of War, as able, or ordinary Seamen, upon the Terms and Encouragement proposed by the Bill, to give Certificates of their Refusal of any such Seamen, with the Causes thereof, if they do refuse them; such Certificates to be Protestions against their being prelled:

And the said Clause was once read.

Aud the Question ‘being put. That the said Clause be read a.Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for inflicting a Penalty on Sailors, who shall receive any Money by way of Earneft or Advance, to enter or serve on board any Merchant Ship or Vess’el on any intended Voyage to Parts beyond the Seas, and shall afterwards desert their Service, or not proceed 'thereon; provided that such Sailor shall not be debarred from entering in any of his Majesty’s Ships of War:

And the said Clause being once read;

The I louse was moved, That the 3d, 4th, and ,<jth Seftiou of an Act, made in the First Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for encouraging Seamen to enter into his Majesty’s Service, might be read:

A nd the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the First enacting Clause of the said Act might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

The laid Clause was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Bill do pals

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tclfor. for I he Noes, j "j; } 79-

So if was fefolved in the Affirmative -, and that the Title be. An Act for the Encouragement and Increafeof Seamen; and for the better and speedier Manning bjs Majesty’s Fleet.

Ordered,

14 Geo. II. 23° — 240 Martit. 693

Ordered, That Sir Charles Wager do carry the Bill to Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be the Ix>rds, and delire their Concurrence. irtgrolled.

Preservation The Order of the Day being read, for taking into of Highways. Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House to whom the Bill for better Preservation of the publick Roads of that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Province of Georgia.

Discovery of the Longitude.

Westminster

Bridge.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Province of Georgia in America,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Fortnight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered by this House to attend the said Committee upon this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Tomorrow Fortnight.

Ordered, That the Reverend Mr. George Whitfield do attend the said Committee upon Tomorrow Fortnight.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Hill to explain so much of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, as relates to the making of Experiments of Proposals for discovering the Longitude at Sea;

Refolded, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, refUmed the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House to whom the Bill to enable the Commissionerslor building a Bridge cross the River Thames from the City of Westminster,to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry, to raise a further Sum of Money towards finishing the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trulls reposed in them, was committed.

And the Iaft Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being a Clause for authorizing the said Commissioners to agree ior the Purchase of a Piece of Ground oalled Parliament Office Garden, or to give Ground in Exchange for the fame, was read a Second time.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Design to make such Purchase or Exchange, his Majesty gives his Consent, as far as his Interest is concerned, that this House may do therein as they shall think lit.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Fol. 5, L. 1, by inserting, alter the Word " performed," these Words, "Provided always, That if, at any Time " after the passing of this present Act, any one of the " Managers and Directors shall bechofen a Member to " fit in the House of Commons, such Manager and Director shall be disabled to act as a Manager and Director for the Purposes herein after mentioned."

And the Queliion being put. That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Fol. 3a, L. 7, by leaving out, after the Word " Lottery," these Words, " For a Day, or Part of a v Day, or for a longer Time, less than the whole Time " of drawing the Lottery then to come."

And the Queliion being put, That the Words, proposed to be left out, Rand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Vol. 23.

The other Order of the Day, which was postponed,

being again read;

Resolved, That this House will, xiyon Wednesday MtMWtaw Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the of Broad whole House, upon the Bill for the Improvement of the Cloth. Manufacture of Woollen Broad Cloth, and to prevent Abufe8 in the Making of the fame.

Ordred, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee tiorn be adjourned. fPookp.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2 40 dieJkfartii

Anno 140 Georgii II'1 Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

f\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his W arTant Aldeburgh ^10 the Clerk of the Crown, to no ake out a new Writ for Writ,

the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aldebrergh, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of George JP it risFlquire, deceased,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act j^rlof to enable William Earl of Strajford, an Infant, of about Strafford's the Age of Nineteen Years, to m ake a Settlement of his Mate.

Estate, upon his Marriage with the Lady was read a Second time. ’

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Ord Mr Sandys, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Carew, Lord 2uarr/vuJ Mr. Proivfe, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Balle Sir

Wm. Heathcole, Mr. Gybbon, Lord , Mr Linde-

say, Mr. Soulhioell, Sir Wm. Clayto, Sir Wm.

Sir Thomas Read, Mr. Wollaston, Kir. Leheup, Mr. Hales,

Mr. Pmvlett, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Mr. , Mr!

Hear. Finch, Captain Robinson, Mr. Whichcote, Sir John Heathcole, Mr. Bradfitoigh, Mr. Mr. Falle, Mr.

Arundel, Mr. Dodd, Sir Geo. Cajxo, Mr. Maule, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Chetuynde, Mr. Henr. Fox,

Mr. Knight, Mr. Younge, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Cliefer, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Hay, Mr.

Hooper, Lord Baltimore, Lord Mr.

Scawen, Mr. Drummond, 'Vf r. Mr. Lifter,

Mr. Brmon, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. If Mr.

ley, Mr. Alderman Perry, Sir Charles Bunbury, Sir M.

Stapyllon, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Mr. Noel, Mr.

Gore; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, Nottingham, and Britain: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from, the Lords, intituled, An Act Vifcoont tb enable George Viscount of Garnock, or the succeecl- Garnock’s ing Heirs of Entail, to fell Lands, in the Counties of Mate. Dunbarton and Air, for Payment of Debts charged thereupon; and to purohafe other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estate to be sold is settled; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Maule,

Mr. Undefay, Nlr.F'ctx.akerleyNfv. Kynafon, Mv.

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Ord, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Carevo, Sir Charles Mordaunt, ^Mr. Longueville y Mr. Digby, Mr.

Tower, Mr. Revell, Sir Ad. Stapylton, Mr. Ch.

Mr. Hales, Mr. Robin/bn, Mr. «S Mr.

Mr. Young, Lord Saltimore, Mr. Bathurf, Mr. Brere-ton, Mr. Whichcote, Sir Geo. Mr. Fox, Mr.

Drummond, Mr. Winnington, Mr Clutterbuck; and all the Members who Ferve for A r°Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five Qftbe Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

r 80

Ordered,

694 24* — 25° A. 1741*

DLonKuu°deUie Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to ° u resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain so much of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, as relates to the making Experiments of Propo-fals fordjfcovering the Longitude at Sea, he now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Fox took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Fox reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning,

Manufacture An ingrossed Bill for continuing an Act, passed in the of cloth in Seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to ex-\ orkflure. p|ajn anc| amen(j a former Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Eirft, for the better regulating the Manufacture of Cloth, in the West Riding of the Countyjof and formaking

the said Acts more effectual, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to explain and amend a former Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for the better Regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the West Riding of the County of and for making the said Acts more effectual.

Ordered, That Mr. Turner do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Preservation Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into High ways. Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House to whom the Bill for the better Preservation of the publick Roads of that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration; and the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, one of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to one of them, agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to make more effectual an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King , intituled,

An Act for making more effectual the several Acts passed for repairing and amending the Highways of this Kingdom, by extending the Penalties thereby imposed to all Carriages whatsoever, whether travelling for Hire or not; and by authorizing Justices of the Peace to convict, for any Offences, within a limited Time after the Offence committed; and by making the Horses, Geer, and Accoutrements, belonging to such Carriages, liable to Seizure and Distress, though not seized or distrained in the' Fast.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

T^ersforthaY}

Tellers for the Noes,| ^Digby:f 36-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Sufferers by to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hoqfe, Fire at to consider of the Petition of Peregrine Fury, Agent to Chari.- his Majesty’s Province of Soyth Carolina, m behalf of Carolina'!'1 the distressed Inhabitants of Charles Town, in the said Province, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Richard Plumer took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Richard Plumer reported from the Committee,

That they had considered the said Petition, and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving R*stranunf the Report from the Committee of the whole House to Schemes in whom the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, America, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his lat;e Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better securing certain Powers and Privileges, intended to be granted by his Majesty, by Two Charters for Afi'uraoee of Ships and Merchandizes at Sea, and for lending Money upon Bottomry, and for restraining several extravagant and unwarrantable Practices therein mentioned, as relates to the extravagant and unwarrantable Practices therein mentioned, was committed, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 250 dieMyrtii {

Anno 14* Georgii lldl Regis, 174,1.

Pa A YERS.

QRD ERE D, That the Order of the Day, for the Supply. ^House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will upon Friday Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways ant to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to hi,s Majesty, be now read

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Colonel Bladen, according to Order, reported from Reftrajn-the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill certain ' 8 to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Schemes ia Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George America, the First, intituled, An Act for better securing certain Powers and Privileges intended to be granted by his Majesty, by Two Chart,era for Assurance of Ships and Merchandizes at Sea, and for lending Money upon Bottomry, and for restraining several extravagant and unwarrantable Practices therein mentioned, as relates to the extravagant and unwarrantable Practices therein mentioned, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

14 Geo. II.

35’-16° Martti.

695

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Sufferer* by Mr. Richard Plumer,according to Order, reported Fire at from the Committee of the whole House to whom it Town^Souih was re^erre<^ to consider of the Petition of Peregrine Carolina. L'ury, Agent to his Majesty’s Province of South Carolina, in behalf of the distressed Inhabitants of Charles Town, in the said Province, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Province of South Carolina has been greatly weakeued by the late dreadful Fire which happened at Charles Town on the iSth of November last; and that some Provision should be made for the resettling and re-establishing the Inhabitants thereof, in order the better to secure and strengthen the said Province of South Carolina, in this Time of War.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Resolution be referred to the Committee of the whole House to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Petition of Peregrine Fury, Agent to his Majesty’s Province of South Carolina, in behalf of the dilircfled Inhabitants of Charles T01011, in the said Province, be referred to the said Committee.

Insurance Ordered, That the Bill to prevent some Inconvenien-of ship*. cjes arising from Insurances of Ships, be read a Second time upon Friday Sevennight.

Di fee very of M r. Henry Fox, according to Order, reported from the l«n- the Committee of the whole House to whom the Bill to

*,tu e* explain so much of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year

of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sep, as relates to the making Experiments of Proposals for difeo-vering the Longitude at Sea, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Manufacture Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House of Broad to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Cloth. upon the Bill for the Improvement of the Manufacture of Woollen Broad Cloth, and to prevent Abuses in the making of the fame, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Prmofe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Proiofe reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tomorrow Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Yol. 23.

JoviS) 26* die Mar tit, Anuo 14* Georgii IIdi Regis, y 74* Prayers.

A

N ingrossed Bill for the better Preservation of the Preservatio®

D.rt (Zeetit Hritsiin ot

publick Roads of that Part of Great called England, was read the Third time.

The following Amendments were proposed to be made

to the Bill: viz.

Pr. 1. L. 14. Before the Word "Part’’ to leave out " this" and infect " that

Pr. 2. L. 33. After " Peace," to insert " of the " County or Place where fuchOffenoe shall be committed, or such Offender shall dwell,

L. 34. After *f Gaol," to insert <c of fi,ch " Coupty or Place -J’

Pr. 3. L. 5. To leave out " Tyvenfy-fouj?' Ilours " and insert Three Days »

L. 30. Before " Geers," U> infect " with the L. 36. To leave put " Twenty-fom Hours " ' and insert " Three Days,

Pr. 4. L-4. Before"Geers," fojnferf." with the;"

Pr. L. To leave ouf " that,"apd insert " if."

And the same were, upon the Qpeftjpp severally nUt thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Preservation of the publick Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That Sir John Heathcaitedo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Carew presented to the House, according to Persons reorder, a Bill for the more easy and effectual Conviction of Persons returning from Transportation; And the 1 same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second titpe-Ordered, That the Bill be printed.

The Order of the Day being read, f<^r the HoU^ Trade, resolve itself into a Committee of the wpipLe fl ouse> u^e the Bill for enlarging and regulating the Tirade 10 Levant Seas;

Ordered, That _th,e Copy of a Memorial of foe Ve

Company to the Duke of Newcajle, /uge 2.8, } 739’ referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Memorial of the Company to the Duke of Neiocajll, Sejxt. 9, 1e referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the ’Value of Woollen. Manufactures exported to Tu, from Cltriftmas 1720 to Christmas 1740, dist.ingaifl3.Lng each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Quaptity of Cotton has. been imported from , from Chfifimas

1720 to Christmas 1740, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of wfiat Quantity of raw-Silk has been imported from T'ur^c£y* Christmas 1720 to Christmas 1740, distingui filing each Year, be

referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Quantity Mohair Yarn has been imported from Turkey, frorp Christmas 1720 to Cht-i/lmas 1740, distinguishing each Year, be referred to tive said Committee.

Ordered, That the Court and Regi Her Books of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England, trading to the Levant Seas, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Qnefiion being pu^ That Mr. Speaker do now leave t lie Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

x 11 tfi v f Mr. ITume Campbell, 1

Tellers for the Yeas, Mr Hooper: { 3f.

Tellers for the Noes, j JJj; J/: } 62.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved

Rest raining certain Schemes in America.

Levant

Trade.

Privilege.

Persons r turning from Trmnfportation.

Difcevery of the Longitude.

696 26* Martii. — 2° — 30 Aprilis. A. 1741.

Resolved, That this House will, upon WednesdaySeren-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enlarging and regulating the Trade to the Levant Seas.

And then the House adjourned till this Day Sevennight, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Jovts, 2° die;

Anno 140 Georgii Regis, 1741. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for better securing certain Powers and Privileges intended to be granted by his Majesty, by Two Charters, for Afluranee of Ships and Merchandizes at Sea; and for lending Money upon Bottomry; and for retraining several extravagant and unwarrantablePrafticestherein mentioned. as relates to the extravagant and unwarrantable Practices therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for retraining and preventing several unwarrantable Schemes and Undertakings in his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, that Mr. son, from the Governor and Company of Merchants of England, trading to the Levant Seas, attended at the Door:

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order.

An Account of the Number of Ships employed by the Company of Merchants of England trading to the Levant Seas, for Thirty Years past; distinguishing the Number of Ships employed by them in each Year, and the Tonnage thereof.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Satisfaction had been given to Joseph Taylor Esquire, a Member of this House, in relation to the Breach of Privilege complained of upon the 10th of Marchlaft;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

A Bill for the more easy and effectual Conviction of Persons returning from Transportation, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed to Bill to explain so much of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, as relates to the making of Experiments of Proposals for discovering the Longitude at Sea, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for surveying the chief Ports and Head Lands on the Coasts of Great Britain and Ireland and the Islands and Plantations thereto belonging, in order to the more exact Determination of the Longitude and Latitude thereof.

Ordered, That the Lord Baltimore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Ptowfe, according to Order, reported from the Manufacture

Committee of the whole House to whom the Bill for the of cloth " Improvement of the Manufacture of Woollen Broad Cloth, and to prevent Abuses in the making of the fame, wascommitted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and vyhiclt they had directed him to report to the House , and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and all the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, except the lad, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to one of them, agreed to by the House.

The last Amendment, being read a Second time, an Amendment was made by the House thereunto.

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Report be adjourned till this Day Month.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of what Monies are remaining in his Parliament. Majesty’s Exchequer, referred to be disposed of by Authority of Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerts, 30 die Apr ills;

Anno 14° Georgii JId* Regis, 1741.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Bowen, Popple’* from the Treasury, attended at the Door; Dibtto

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order. 8

N. Paxton's Report relating to Mr. Hairy Popple; and also,

Report of the Paymaster General of the Forces, and Secretary at War, upon a Memorial of sundry Merchants,

He. referred to them, praying Payment of several Bills of Exchange, &c. left unsatisfied by Mr. Popple, late Agent to the Six Independent Companies of Foot at Jamaica.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Reports were read.

Ordered, That the said Reports do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Reports are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act County to supply some Defects in the Laws for repairing and re- ®n<l,?es

, J.r J ,. , ., c r House* of

building County Bridges; for repairing, enlarging, c*rn»aion. erecting, and providing, Houses of Correction; and for passing Rogues and Vagabonds; without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Earl of for enabling the Right honourable Earl of Arran Arran’*

to raise Money, by Sale or Mortgage of Part of his Estate Efcu*.

in the Kingdom of Ireland, for Payment of Debts, and for other Purposes, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Gybbon reported from the Committee, to whom Earl «f the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Strafford’* enable William Earl of Strafford, an Infant, of about the s*ttU«nt.

Age

14 Geo. II. 30 Aprilis.

Age of Nineteen Years, to make a Settlement of his Eltateupon his Marriage with the Lady was commuted. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Hill, and found the same to he true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that tlte Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, wiltiout any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Pemberton’* Mr. Bromley reported from 1 lie Committee, to whom £iute. the ingrolled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Eliafe of Francis Pemberton Esquire, in the County of Cambridge, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging the Incumbrances thereon; and for settling another Part of his Ellate to the Uses, and for the Purposes, of his Marriage Settlement; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found tl\e same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed hint to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

'Vifcotjni Mr. Maule reported from the Committee, to whom Gamock’* the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, int ituled, An Act to Eilne. enable George Viscount of Gut nock, or the succeeding Heirs of Entail, to fell Lands, in the Counties ol' Dunbarton and Air, for Payment of Debts charged thereupon, and to purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses as the Ellate to be sold is settled; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bril in at the Clerk’s Table.

Duke of Mr. Hurley reported from the Committee, to whom Beaufort’*, the ingrolled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for £liate. establishing and confirming a Partition, agreed to be made between Henry Duke of Beaufort, and William Duke of Portland, of the several Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Southampton and WW’hereof they are seised as Teuants in common; and for settling their specifick Shares and Allotments to such Uses as their undivided Moieties thereof now (land limited; and for other Puv-poses therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned haid given thfeir Consent to the Bill, to the 1 Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, ' in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments vVere read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr;’6. L. 20. After "Sole," insert " Use:"

Pr. id. L. 36. Leave out "Hereditaments," and insert " Appurtenances;"

Pr. at. L. 35. After " reputed," insert " Manor."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, ttponthe Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Jtlopfoi?* Si r'Charles Motdanntreported from the Committee,

Settlement. to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vacating a Term of One hundred Years, in va voluntary Settlement, made by Sir Hugh Clop ton Knight, and for creating a new Term of One thousand Years in lieu thereof, for the Purposes therein mentioned; w'as committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and You 23.

that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the ILeport in Ins Place;°and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 6. L. 24. After " aforesaid," insert " raise " and."

The said Amendment, being read a Second time was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Richard Plamer reported from tl*e Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled A r ®ar* Act for explaining and making more effectual an aJ* C?'fer‘* made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his nref l8(e‘

Majesty, intituled, An Act for discharging Part of ti'* settled Ellate of William Earl Cowper, in the Count Hertford, from the Uses and Limitations of a former L° tlement; and for settling and securing an Equivalent fo" the fame, to the like Uses; was committed; That Committee had examined the Allegations of the IiHI and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privilege. Privileges and Elections, touching the Complaint made to the House upon the 23d Day of last, of

Breach of Privilege of this House, committed agamtt llmmas Revel Esquire, a Member of this House, be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the H°u ? to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

consider further of the Supply granted to h‘s ^rfdnesday

Supply*

Ref lived, That this House will, upo*1 utee. Morning next, resolve itself into the said Co100

The Order of the Day being read, for to

Pnlro itfoir into o Pnmmiffork a 1^ ellOl6 1 .1.0

Way» and Meant*

resolve itself into a Committee of the wl\°'e ... consider further of Ways and Ivleans for ral1 ! Supply granted to his Majesty; ,

Resolved, That this House will, u pon ivxoi

ing uext, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day Being read;

A Bill to prevent some Inconveniencies arising fk’Otn Insurance of Insurancei of Ships, was read a. Second time. Ships.

The House was moved. That the Journal of the TToufe* of the 15th Day of May 1743, in relation to their Dissent to a Clause, then offered to be added to the Bill effectually to prevent his Majesty "s Subjectsfrom fu I>Tcrilying or being concerned in encouraging or promoting any Subscription, for an Ea/I ICompany jn t/,e

Aufrian Netherlands, and for the better securirip- the lawful Trade of his Majesty Subjects to and from the East Indies-, which Clause was to prevent the makiW of Policies, by or for any of his Majesty’s Subje#Sj insuring any Ship in the Service of any Foreigners hound to and from the F.aft Indies*or for insuring any Afer- 1 chandizesin any such Ship might be read:

And the said Journal was read accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being-That the Bill be committed y *

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, ^Ptumer:j 62.

Tellers for the Noes, Thomas Gor } *3-

So it was resolved in the A Hi rmative.

Resolved,

i-arl

t'owper'*

Estate.

Monies dif* potable by Parliament.

Pemberton’s

Estate.

Dukes of Beaufort’s, 6c c. Eft ate.

698 30 — 6*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, upon the said Bill. 0

And then the House adjourned till Monday next, Nine of the Clock.

Aprilis. . 1741.

thereof now stand limited; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Luna, 6° die Aprilis;

Anno 14* Georgii Ildl Regis, 1741. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for explaining and making more effectual an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for discharging Part of the settled Estate of William Earl in the County of

Hertford, from the Uses and Limitations of a former Settlement; and for settling and securing an Equivalent for the same to the like Uses; was read the Third time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Plumer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House being informed, that Mr. Dawson, from the Exchequer attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of what Monies are remaining in his Majesty’s Exchequer, reserved to be disposed of by Authority of Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Bnr-gestes, assembled in Parliament:

An Account of what Monies are remaining in his Majesty’s Exchequer, reserved to be disposed of by Authority of Parliament. . s. d.

Duty on Compound Liquors - - 2,966 16 11

Fines on Distillers of Ditto - - 55 14 uf

Duty on Paper, Surplus of the Lottery Funds Anno 1714, at Chripnas 1729 -1,214 9 8f

Deductions of on Pensions -5,418 19 5$

Reserved Duty ou Salt since Lady Day 173a - - - -1,645 —

Profits arising by the Coinage of Copper Money - -1,778

- Exchequer, 6th April,

1741. John

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vefting Part of the Estate of Francis Pemberton Esq ui re; in the County of Cambridge, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging the Incumbrances thereon, and for settling another Part of his Estate to the Uses, and for the Purposes, of his Marriage Settlement, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bromley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing and confirming a Partition agreed to be made bel ween Henry Duke of Beaufort, And fViiliamDuke of Portland, of the several Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties, of Southampton and Wills, whereof they are seised as Tenants in common; and for settling their specifick Shares and Allotments to such Uses as their undivided Moieties

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cloptoa for vacating a Term of One hundred Years in a voluntary Settlement. Settlement made by Sir Hugh Clopton Knight, and for creating a new Term of One thousand Years, in lieu thereof, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mor daunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with One Amendment: To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Eari of to enable William Earl of Strafford, an Infant, of about Strafford’, the Age of Nineteen Years, to make a Settlement of his Bftate. Estate upon his Marriage with the Lady Anne Campbell, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gybbon do carry the Bill to the Lofds, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act viscount to enable George Viscount of Gar nock, or the succeeding Gamock*. Heirs of Entail, to fell Lands in the Counties of - Effote.

ton and Air, for Payment of Debts charged thereupon, and to pnrehafe other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estate to be sold is settled, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Maule do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Commissioners for Westminster building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City Bridge of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surry, to raise a further Sum of Money towards finishing the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts re-posed in them, was read the Third time

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, to raise a further Sum of Money towards finishing the said Bridge, and to perform the otherTrufts reposed in them; and for exchanging of Tickets unclaimed in the Westminster Bridge Lottery, of the Twelfth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign; and for making Provision for Tickets in the said Lottery, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Afterwards the Blank, left in the Bill for the Title thereof, was filled up at the Table.

Ordered, That the Lord Sundon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Mr. Earle, according to Order, reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Complaint of a Breach of the Privilege of this House, committed against Thomas Revell Esquire, a Member of this House: and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To

r4 Geo'. If.

6° Jprilis.

699

To prove the Matter of the fftid Complaint, the following Witnesses were examined, on the Part of the Complainant:

Edward Gibbs said, That lie occupies a House and

Land in the Parish of Kensington, of which the Widow of the late Sir George Saunders was formerly Owner: That upon her Death, which happened about a Year and a Half ago, the Witness was informed, by one Mr.

Jeremy,who then and before received the Rent for the said House and Land, That Mr. Revell was his Landlord; and that he accordingly went to pay his Rent to Mr. Revell, at the Victualling Office; but he, being then very busy, had not time to receive it:

That about Six Weeks before the Day he was examined at the Conrimittee, One Sarah Colby, who pretended to be the Owner of the said House and Land, with Two other Persons, came to the Witness, and demanded

?offefiion thereof; which he refused to give: and that, wo Days after, the again demanded the fame; and the Witness then told her, Mr. Revell was his Landlord, and that he kept Possession for him: Whereupon she, with one Jones, an Attorney, and his Son, and one William Warren, a Sheriff’s Officer, entered the said House by Force:

That Warren, with a large Stick or Piece of Wood, broke in at the Window; and, having let in the said Sarah Colby, Jones, and his Son, catched up the Witness’s Wife in his Arms, and told her. She shoutd go out first.

Afterwards the Examinant heard the said Jones direct the said Sarah Colby to walk over Three Fields, m order to her taking Possession thereof; Part of which Fields belong to Mr. Revell, and are occupied by the Witness: That, having thus got Possession, they asked the Witness to attorn Tenant to Mrs. Colby; and gave him good Words to persuade him thereto; but threatened, at the same time, in case of his Refusal, to turn him out immediately, and remove all his Goods: At which he, being terrified, did con Cent to attorn; though otherwise, he said, he would not, having always looked upon himself as Mr. Revell's Tenant.

Maria CdlherinaGibbs, Wife of the said Edward Gibbs,

said. That the Day on which the before-mentioned Persons came to demand Possession was the /9th of aryItfft: That the First time they came they demanded to be let into the House; which the Witness refilled, and fattened the Door; but that Warren broke the Sash of the Windows; upon which she took up a Spit, and of-posed his Entrance:

That about an Hour after, they came again, and Warren opened the C^fement, split the Shutter of the Window; and, having got in, opened the Door, and let jn Mrs. Colby, Landen Jones, his Son, and another Person; and that Mrs. Colby walked over the Groulild which the Witness’s Husband rented of Mr. Revell.

Being asked. If they produced any Writ ? she said, They fhevved her a Paper, which they called a Warrant from the High Sheriff of the County.

Being asked, Why she refused them Entrance? she said, It was, because her Husband and she looked upon them-, selves to be Tenants to Mr. Revell, and had been so informed by one Mr. Jeremy, who used to collect the Rent of the Premises fbrthe late Lady Saunders', and that the last Rent her Husband paid was paid to the said Jeremy.

Jefeph Orchard said, That about Six Weeks before the Day he was examined at the Committee, Mrs. Gibbs called him to come to her Assistance, when Five Persons, Four Men and One Woman, attempted to break into Gibbs's House:

That he saw One of the Persons take up a Piece of Timber, and attempt to break open the Door; and that afterwards he saw the same Person break open the Shutter of the Window, and s Wife run at him with a Spit.

Nona of the Persons complained of appearing to make any Defence, except William Warren;

Vol. 23.

Henry Betts, being examined, said, That the 16th of March last he shewed Landen Jones, and Ma.rvna.duke Wyvill Jones, his Son, the Order made by this Committee, upon the above-mentioned Complaint being referred to them, and left a Copy of the said Order with the said Jones, and his Son; and that he likewise went the same Day to the Lodgings of Sarah Co, where, flie not being at Home, he also left another Copy of the said Order.

William Warren, in Justification of himself, produced a Warrant from the Sheriff of Middl directed to him,

as Bailiff to the said Sheriff; "Commanding him,

" virtue of the King’s Writ, to the said Sheriff directed,

That he cause John Goodright to have his Possession of his Term, yet unexpired, of and in One hundred Messuages. One hundred Cottages, One hundred Gardens " and One hundred Acres of Land, with the Appurte*

" nances, in the several Parishes of Clement " Kensington, St. Pancras, and St. Mary, IJli ngton, in the County of Middlesex, which the said John Goodright,lately, in the King’s Court, before himself at Westminster, by the King’s Writ, and by the Judgment of the same Court, recovered against. Richard " Notitle, on the Demise of Sarah Colby Spinster "

And the said Warren, in Excuse for what he had done said, That it was entirely owing to Inadvertency, having never heard, or known, that Gibbs's House belonged to Mr. Revell: That he was employed to execute the said Warrant by Landen Jones, an Attorney of CJLifford's Inn:

And he expressed his Concern and Submission for his Offence.

Being examined, he said. That the Persons present when he broke into the said House, were the said Landen Jones, Marmaduke Wyvill Jones his Son, and Sarah Colby.

Edward Gibbs, being again examined, €aid, That when Sarah Colby, and the other Persons, came to demand Poffeflioo, he told her and Jones, That he was'Tenant to Mr.

Revell, but that he did not say Mr. Revell was a Member of Parliament.

The Committee came to the following Pefolat,°"s*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Comm1* of That Sarah Colby, having, on or about the 19th at February last, made a forcible Entry into aTet^mf5 (r.0ix Kensington, in the County of MiddleJeje, in the*.0 . a of Edward Gibbs, Tenant to Thomas Revell f^tt' Qf Member of this House, is thereby guilty of a ®rea the Privilege of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commit That Landen Jones, Attorney at Law, having* or| , about the 19th Day of February last, made a forc»> e Entry into the said Tenement, is thereby guilty ot a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Marmaduke Wyvill Jones, having, on or about the 19th Day of February last, made a forcible Entry into the said Tenement, is thereby guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That William Warren,0 fhcer to the Sheriff of Middle/eJr, having, on or about the iqth Day of February /aft, made a forcible Entry into the said Tenement, is thereby guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Seobod time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Sarah Colby be, for her fyjd Breach of Privilege, taken iuto the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House-

Ordered, That the said Landen Jones be, for his foirf Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said Marm acluke TFyvill Jones h for his said Breach of Privilege, taken into the of the Serjeant at Arms attending thisHouse. (

Ordered, That the said William 1 be, for his said

Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Ser jeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered,

700 70

topple'# Ordered^ That the Petition of fevei'al Merchants, and

c*r!a;i»° others, in behalf of themselves, and of their Correspon-&«^iiucdu. dent# in Jamaica-,ol the Officers commanding the Six.

new-raised m-iepemJent Companies of Foot there; and of Hichurd Fitici!Ham El'quire, Captain of an independent Company of Foot in the Island of New ,'

presented to this Jlotife upon the lqlli Day of March lad; he referred to the Contideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Jltfohed, That this House will, upon Morn-

ins; next, resolve irfelf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ditt*. A Petition of Thomas Pat t if on w.as presented to the

House, :ul read, felting forth. That the Regiments in Scotland have, for many Years past, been permitted to take tle-ir Subsistence out of the Public Money,-,in the I lands of the Receivers General; for which Purpose the Paymasters: in Quarters draw Bills upon the Agent in London-, and, by this Means, the Public Money is with greater Safety remitted into his Majesty’s Exchequer: That t he Petitioner is the Pavmaster of Brigadier General Cori.xv illis'vRegiment, and, as such, on the 18th Day of

December 1738, received £.650 of the public Money, from A lien Whitfoord Esquire, the Receiver General, for One Month’s Subsistence of the said Regiment, then in Quarters at Aberdeen-, for which Sum the Petitioner drew a Bill on Henry Popyle, the Agent in , payable

ou the 24th Day of January following to the said Receiver General, or his Order: That the said Receiver General trahfulitted the said Bill to his Correspondent in Iumdon-. which was accepted accordingly by the said Henry Popple, who, soon afterwards, became insolvent, and withdrew himself; and the said Bill being unpaid, the said Receiver experts Satisfaction from the Petitioner, who is altogether unable to pay it: And therefore, as the Petitioner’s said Office obliged him to draw the said Bill, for the Subsistence of the Regiment, and not on his own Account, praying. That the House will be pleased to take the Petitioner's same into Consideration; and to provide for the Payment of the said Bill, or otherwise relieve him, in such manner as the House shall think reasonable.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of several Merchants, and others, in behalf of themselves, and of their Correspondents in Jamaica, or of the Officers commanding the Six new-raised Independent Companies of Foot there, and of Richard Esquire,

Captain of an independent Company of Foot in the Island of Nero Providence.

Insurance The other Order of the Day, for the House to resolve of Ship#, itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent some Inconveniencies arising from Insurances of Ships, being read; ,

A Petition of the Corporation of the London Afliiraoce ww presented, to -the House, and read; setting forth, That in pursuance of ail Act of Parliament, made in the Sixth Year.of his late Majesty’s Reign, and in Consideration of agreat Sum of Money paid by the Petitioners, his Majesty, by his Letters Patent under the GreatSealof Britain, bearing Date the 226 Day of June, in the Sixth Year of his Reign, incorporated the Petitioners for Affurance of Ships, Goods, and Merchandizes, at Sea, or going to Sea, and for lending Money upon Bottomry; a ponsiderable Branch of which Privilege offending Money Upon Bottomry hath been, in great measure, defeated And representing to the House, That in the Bill, now depending before this House, to prevent some Inconveniencies arising front lufurances of Ships, are conjoined

Aprilis. . 1741.

Clauses to restrain the making Assurances upon any Ships or Effects belonging to any foreign Kingdom, or the Subjects thereof, trading to or from the and all'o to restrain all Assurance On any Ships or Effefts of the Subjects of any Prince or State not in Amity with the Crown of Great Britain: That the Petitioners conceive the Bnfiness of Assurances to be advantageous to that Country which affures; and, as Assurances, in the Cafes above mentioned, may be made in many other Places, as well as in this Kingdom, the Petitioners are apprehensive that such Reftraiuts, as are contained in the said Clauses, may be prejudicial to the Interest of this Nation, and even prevent Assurances being made , here on some Branches of Trade, which may now lawfully be carried on by British Subjects: And therefore, praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Southwell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Southwell reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in t^ie Bill; and that he . vis directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That this House will, upon this Day Month, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TeH=rsfortheYea,.^". } tJ.

Tellers for the No.,*^; } «.

And it appearing, upon the Report of the Division by the Tellers, that Forty Members were not present;

The House was adjourned!by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock. '

Martts, 7* die A;

Anno 14* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1741.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary at War acquainted the House, That jjanith ao4 his Majesty, having thought proper to make Heflhn the necessary. Requisition for taking into h|s Pay the Troop*, several Troops agreed to be furnished by the King of Denmark, and the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of,

Hejfe Cqffel, by virtue of the Treaties now before this House, had commanded him to lay before this House, ,;

Estimate of the Charge of 1,000 Horse and 5,000 Foot, of the Troops of his Majesty the King from the 25th of March exdulive, to the 25th of December 1741 inclusive, being Two hundred Seventy-five;

Days; together with the Levy-money and Subsidy for the fame: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of 1,264 Horse and 4,908 Foot, of the Troops of his Majesty the King of Sioeden, as Landgrave of Htjfs Cqffel, from the 25th of March ejsclusive, to the 25th of December 1741 inclusive, being

Two hundred Seventy-five Days; together with the Levy-money and Subsidy for the fame.

And Mr. Secretary at War presented the said Efti* mates to the House.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE

14 Geo. II. 7a Aprilis.701

ESTIMATE of the Charge of 1,000 Horseand 5000 Foot, of the Troops of his Majesty the King of Denmark, from the 25th Day of March exclusive, to the 25th Day of December 1741 inclusive, being 275. Y>ay$; together with the Levy-money and Subsidy for the fame. ’

Numbers.

say in Holland Money for 275 Days.

teaucea into at 10 Guild.S to the Po«n<j ,oSu

The Pay of the Horse The Pay of the Foot -

Total

0 0 0 0 0 0 A ** Guild. St. 275,000 458,333 6 8

6,000 733,333 6 8

26,190 43,f*5o

d.

9 6 15 10*

Levy-money and Subsidy; viz.

For the remaining Moiety of 230,000 Crowns, current Money of payable for jT.

Levy-money, being 115,000 Crowns, at 4?. 6d. per Crown ..... ^25,875

For the Proportion of the annual Subsidy of 250,000 Crowns, Bank-money of payable for 112 Days, from the 3d Day of December 1740 exclusive (to which Time the same was last paid), unto the 25th Day of March 1741 inclusive, from which Time these Forces were taken into the Service of Great Britain,computed at 4*. per Crown - - *7,899

For the Proportion of the annual Subsidy of 150,000 Crowns, like Money, payable for these Forces for 275 Days, from the said 25th Day of March 1741 exclusive, when taken into British Pay, to the 25th December following, inclusive, computed at 4*. id. per Crown 26,369

Total Levy-money and Subsidy Total for the Troops

7o.

144

69,84i

s*.

d.

10 10

*7 3

8 1

5 44-

Total

£l 39.985 *3 5i

Memorandum :The Sum for the Pay of General Officers for Forage, Waggon-money; antj Recruit-money, as also for Bread Waggons, cannot yet be ad jutted.

War Office,

7th April 1741. Will. Yonge.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of 1,2 4 Horse and 4,908 Foot, of the Troops of his Majesty the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of HeJJe Cajel,from the 25th Day of March exclusive, to the 25th Day of Decerrd>tr 1741 inclusive, being 275 Days, together with the Levy-money and Subsidy for the fame;

Numbers. Pay in Holland Money 1 for 275 Days. 1 to the pound.

The Pay of the Horse The Pay of the Foot - 1,264 4»9°8 Guild. St. I 347,600 449>900 1 I /. s- d- 33,104 *5 2f-\ -42,847 14

Total - - 6,172 797,500 1 75,952 7

Levy-money and Subsidy, viz.

For the remaining Moiety of 240,000 Crowns, Bank-money of Amsterdam, payable for Levy- £. s. d, money, being 120,000 Crowns, at 4s. g$d. per Crown - - - - 28,875 — -

To answer the Difference on the Value of 182,500 Crowns Levy-money and Subsidy, for which the Sum of £.42,583. 6s.8 d.only was issued, instead of £.43,914. 15. 3 being the real Value thereof, computed at the Rate of 4$. g$d. per Crown - ... - *>330 14

For the Proportion of the annual Subsidy of 250,000 Crowns, like Money, payable for 1 36

Days from the 9th November 1740 exclusive, to which Time the same was iaft paid, unto the 25th of March 1741 inclusive, from which Time these Forces were taken into the Service of Great Britain,computed at 4?. g{d. per Crown - - 22,414 y g

For the Proportion of the annual Subsidy of 150,000 Crowns, like Money, payable for these Forces, for 575 Days, from the said 25th of March 1741 exclusive, when taken into iish Pay, to the 25th December following inclusive, computed at 4*. 9 Crown

Total Levy-money and Subsidy ——

Total for the Troops -

Total -

Memorandum: Tire Sum for the Pay of General Officers for Forage, Waggon-money, and Recruit-money,

as also for Bread Waggons, cannot yet be adjusted.

£>55:

War Office,

7 th April, 1741.

Vol. 23.

8Q

Will, rouge.

Orderedt


Relief of Debtors, &c.

Manufacture of Cloth in Yorkshire.

Duke of

Beaufort’s Estate, Sc c.

Clopton’s

Settlement,

Privilege.

Royal Assent to Bills.

702

70 — *89 Aprilis. A. 1741.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upoi) the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clerk.

Mercurii, 8° die Aprilis \

Anno 14* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1741. ft a y $ h s.

AM ESS A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs, and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue an Act for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and Two subsequent Acts for explaining and amending tho fame; and also to continue an Act for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to explain and amend a former Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for the better regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the West Riding of the County of and for making the said Acts more effectual; without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this Jdoufe to the Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing and confirming a Partition, agreed to be made between Henry Duke of Beaufort, and William Duke of Portland, of the several Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Southampton and Wilts, whereof they are seised as Tenants in common; and for settling their specifick Shares and Allotments to such Uses as their undivided Moieties thereof now stand limited; and for other Purposes therein mentioned. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vacating a. Term of One hundred Years, in a voluntary Settlement made by Sir, Hugh Knight,

and for creating a new Term of One thousand Years in lieu thereof, for the Purposes therein mentioned. And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of John Meres, Printer, now in, Custody of the Serjeant at Arms atleuding this House, praying to be admitted to Bail, without paying his Fees, being offered to be presented to the House;

And the Question being put, That the said Pe-tion be brought up;

It patfed. in the Negative.

A.Mctfage from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, Gentleman Uther of the Black Rod1;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers: And, being returned, Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where lus Majesty was pleated to give the Royal AtTent to the several puldtck and private Bills following; viz.

An Act to supply some Defects in the Laws for repairing and rebuilding County Bridges; for repairing, mlarging, erecting and providing, Houses of Correction; anti for passing Rogues and Vagabonds: AftACLto. continue an Act for Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and Two subsequenttAfts for explaining and amending the same; anti also to continue an Act for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico:

An Act for continuing an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to explain

and amend a former Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for the better regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the West Riding of the County of York, and for making the said Acts more effectual:

An Act for confirming and establishing a Partition, agreed to be made between Henry Duke of Beaufort, and William Duke of Portland, of the several Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Southampton and Wilts, whereof they are seised as Tenants in common; and for settling their specifick Shares and Allotments to such Uses as their undivided Moieties thereof now stand limited; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable William Earl of Strafford, an Infant, of about the Age of Nineteen Years, to make a Settlement of his Estate, upon his Marriage with the Lady Anne Campbell:

An Act for explaining and making more effectual an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for discharging Part of the settled Estate of William Earl Cowper, in the County of Hertford, from the Uses and Limitations of a former Settlement; and for settling and securing an Equivalent for the same to the like \tfes:

An Act for enabling the Right honourable Charles Earl of Arran to raile Money, by Sale or Mortgage of Part of his Estate in the Kingdom of Ireland, for Payment of Debts, and for other Purposes:

An Act to enable George Viscount of or the succceding Heirs of Entail, to fell Lands, in the Counties.of Dunbarton and Air, for Payment of Debts charged thereupon; and to purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estate to be sold is settled:

An Act for vacating a Term of One hundred Years, in a voluntary Settlement made by Sir Hugh Clopton Knight; and for creating a new Term of One thousand Years ip. lieu thereof, for the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting Part of the Eftaite of Francis Pemberton Esquire, in the County of Cambridge, in Trustees, to be sold, foe di {charging the Incumbrances thereon; and for settling another Part of his Estate to the Uses and for the Purposes of his Marriage Settlement.

Mr. Speaker also reported. That his Majesty was The King1* afterwards pleased to make a most gracious Speech Sp«>ch from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of rePorte^-which Mr. Speaker said he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy: Which lie read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

At the Opening of this Section I took Notice to yon of the Death of the late Emperor, and of my Refutation to adhere to the Engagements, I am under, in order to the Maintaining of the Balance of my Power, and the Liberties of Europe, on that important Occasion. The Assurances I received from you, in return to this Communication, were perfectly agreeable to that Zeal and Vigour which this Parliament has always exerted in the Support of the Honour and Interest of my Cro wn and Kingdoms, and of the common Cayfe.

The War, which has since broke out, and been carried on in Part of the AujlrianDominions, and the various and extensive Claims which are publickly made on the late Empe»or's Succession, are new Events, that require the utmost Care and Attention, as they may involve all Europe in a bloody War, and, in consequence, expose the Dominions of such Princes as shall take Partin Support of the Pragmatick Sanction, to imminent and immediate Danger. The Queen of Hungary has already made a ltequisition of the Twelve thousand Men expressly stipulated by Treaty; and thereupon I have demanded of the King of Denmark, and of the King of Sweden, is Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, their respective Bodies of Troops, confiftijig

Address on the King’s ' Speech.

14 Geo. II.

8° — 90 JpriKs. I03

of Six thousand Men each, to be in Readiness to march forthwith to the AfTifiance of her Hungarian Majesty.

I am also concerting such further Measures, as may obviate and disappoint all dangerous Designs and Attempts, that may be forming, or carried on, in favour _of any unjust Pretensions,to the Prejudice of IheHouse of Aujiria. In this complicated and uncertain State of

Things, many Incidents may arise, during the Time when, by reason of the approaching Conclusion of this Parliament, it may be impossible for me to have your Advice and Assistance, which mav make it neceflaty for me to enter into ftiil larger Expences for maintaining the Pragmatick Sanction. Iu a Conjuncture fd critical I have thought it proper to lay these important Considerations before you; and to desire the Concurrence of my Parliament in enabling me to contribute, in the most effectual Manner, to the Support of the Queen of Hungary; the preventing, by all reasonable Means, the Subversion of the House of A; and to the maintaining the Liberties and Balance of Power in Europe.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I mull recommend it to you to grant me such a Sup» ply as may be requisite for these Ends; and the just Concern and Readiness which I have constantly found in you to make all necessary Provisions for the publick Good, and our common Security, leave me no room to doubt of the same good Dilpofitieu and Affection in this Instance.

G tenorchy, Lord Sundon, Mr. Walker, Mr. Tbum/fand, ColonCl Cho(m6ndeley, Mr. Trehy, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Whihvofth, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Sir

John Norris, Mr. Hdhbury Williams, Mr.

Howe, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Richard Mr. Burchett,

Mr. Corbett; or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most graciogs Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House s to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, y' to cohfider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly -

Resolved, That this House will, upon I'Yictcry Morn ing next, iefolve itfelt into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Ho to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole Houft.e td consider further of Ways and Means for raisino-1] ’ Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read: ® e

And the said Order being read accordingly Refotvcd, Tlwlthis House will, upon ing next, refoive itself into the said Committee

And then the House adjourned till To-mnrrmir Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Wnys and Aieans.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I am persuaded I need say no more to recommend these Considerations to you, which so necessarily arise from the present Situation of Affairs. I /hail therefore only add, that whatever Expences may be incurred on this Occasion, shall be made in as frugal a Manner as possible; and an Account thereof shall be laid before the next Parliament.

Resolved, That art bumble Ad<lrefs be presented to his Majesty,to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House, for his most gracious Speech from tire Throne; to express our dutiful Sense of his Majesty’s just and due Regard for the Rights and Interest of the Queen of Hungary; and for maintaining the Pragmatick Sanction; to declare our Concurrence with his Majesty in the prudent Measures which his Majesty is pursuing, for the Support of the Common Cause, and for the Preservation of the Liberties and Balance of Power in Europe; to acknowledge his Majesty’s Wisdom and Resolution,in not sufferinghimself to be diverted from steadily persevering in his just Purposes of folfilling the Engagements which his Majesty has entered into with the House of Aujiria; and to allure his Majesty that, in Justice and Vindication of the Honour and Dignity of the British Crown, this House will effectually Hand by and support his Majesty again!! all Insults and Attacks which any Prince or Power, in Kefentment of the iuft Measures which his Majesty has so wifely taken, shall make upon any of his Majesty’s Territories or Dominions, though not belonging to the Crown of Great Britain;and further to allure his Majesty, that,

in any future Events which niay arise from this uncertain State of Things, and which may make it nceeftary for his Majesty to enter into ftiil larger Expences, this House will enable his Majesty to contribute, in the most effectual manner, to the Support of the Queen of Hungary, to the preventing, by all reasonable Means, the Subversion of the House of Aujiria, and to the maintaining the Pragmatick Sanction, and the Liberties and Balance of Europe.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said Resolution.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Steph Fox, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Walpole, Sir Charles H ager, Mr. Fane, Mr.

Scrope, Mr. Earle, Mr. H. Fox, Lord VereBeauclcrk, Mr. Campbell of Fembr\Sir Thomas Frankland, Lord Vet. 23.

Jovis, 90 die Aprilis;

1741.

Anno 14* Georgii IIdi Regis,

Praters.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled Act for opening a Trade to and from tV"'ou§"

Russia, without any Amendment. Anti also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled* for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamed. , for the better and speedier Manning his PAaJc‘^ s Fleet, without any Amendment. And also, r. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, i n tituled, for restraining and preventing several nnwai'vanta,) Schemes and Undertakings, in his Majesty’s Col°llies and Plantations in America,without any Amendment.

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, i ntituled, An Act for the Preservation of the publick Roads in Unit Part of Great Britain called England, without any Amend-

ment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bi 11, intituled, An Act for surveying the chief Ports and Head Lands on the Coasts of Great Britain and Ire let rid, and the 1 Hands and Plantations thereto belonging, in order to the more exact Determination Of the Longitude and Latitude thereof; without any Amendment.

And theil the Messengers witlicl rev.

Trade with peril* thro' Russia.

I nervate of Seamen.

'Retraining

c«Tta'n

Schfftws m

Amedca.

P reservation of Highways.

Discovery of the Longitude.

Mr. Clutterbuck reported from the Committee, ap-

pointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be pre- the Kintf*

fented to his Majesty, That the Conr»mittee had drawn sPee©

up an Address accordingly; which they bad directed

him to report to the House; and lie read the same in

his Place, and afterwards delivered it *11 at the Clerk’s

Table: Where the same was read, and is as followed);

viz.

Most gracious Sovereign,

We your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Harliainentaflemb beg Leave to return your Majesty our most Thanks, for your Majesty’s most gracious Speech from the Throne; and to exprels our d ul iful Senle Majesty’s just and due Regard for the Rights and n-tereltof the Queen of Hungary, and for maintaining the Pragmatick Sanction, ^Vecannot hut iutirely concur

with

7°4

90 — 10° Aprilis. A. 1741.

with your Majesty in the prudent Measures which your Majesty is pursuing for the Support of the common Cause, and for the Preservation of the Liberties and the Balance of Power in Europe: We acknowledge your Majesty'sWifdom and Resolution innotfufferingyour-self to be diverted from Readily persevering in your just Purposes of fulfilling the Engagements which your Majesty has eutered into with the House of Austria; and do allure your Majesty, that, in Justice, and in Vindication of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, this House will effectually stand by audsupport your Majesty against all Insults and Attacks which any Prince or Power, in Resentment of the just Measures which your Majesty has so wifely taken, shall make upon any of your Majesty’s Territories or Dominions, though not belonging to the Crown of Great Britain: And we beg Leave further to assure your Majesty, that in any future Events, which may arise from this uncertain State of Things, and which may make it necessary for your Majesty to enter into still larger Exigences, your faithful Commons will enable your Majesty to contribute, in the most effectual manner, to the Support of the Queen of , to the; preventing, by all reasonable Means, the Subversion of the House of Austria, and to the maintaining the Pragma-tick Sanction, and the Liberties and Balance of

The said Address, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Address bepresented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are r of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do

humbly know his Majesty’s Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

Persons re- The Order of the Day being read, for the House lurnuig from rcf0|Ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, non'l>orU* upon the Bill for the more easy and eft’ectualConviction of Persons returning from Traimportation;

ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Popple'* The otherOrder of the Day being read, for the House

Debt to to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, <erU,biRc* *° confitier of the Petition of several Merchants, and 8'men ’ others, in behalf of themselves, and of their Correspondents in Jamaica-, of the Officers commanding the six new-raised independent Companies of Foot there; and of Richard Fitzzvilliam Esquire, Captain of an independent Company of Foot in the Island of New Providence; and also of the Petition of Thomas Pattifon

Ordered, That N. Paxton's Report, relating to Mr. Henry Popple, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report of the Paymaster General of the Forces, and Secretary at War, upon a Memorial of sundry Merchants, &c. (referred to them); praying Payment of several Bills of Exchange, flfc. left unfa-tisfied by Mr Popple,late Agent to the Six independent Companies of Foot at , be referred to

the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, Tlial they had considerecl the said Petitions; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House willpleafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Ttw King’t. Ordered, That Mr. Clutter buck have Leave to make Speech & Motion, it being near Four of the Clock: referred. And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech, Yesterday made from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Verier is) io°

Anno 14® Georgii IIdi Regis, 1741.

Pa a ye as.

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, That his Majesty, having been waited upon (pursuant to the Order of Yesterday), humbly to know when he would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint this Day, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, at his Palace of St. James.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred toconsider of the Petition of several Merchants, and others, in behalf of themselves, ancf oftlieirCorref-pondents in Jamaica-, of the Officers commanding the Six new-raised independent Companies of Foot there; and of Richard Fitzzvilliam Esquire, Captain of an In-

dependent Company of Foot in the Island of New Providence; and also of the Petition of Thomas Pattifon; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to thisCominittee, That by the Failure of Mr. Henry Popple, late Agent to the Six new-raised independent Companies in the Island of Jamaica, appointed by his Majesty, the Merchants, Petitioners, and others, have sustained a Loss of £.6,249. i6r. 4 \d.

ReJ'olved, That it appears to this Committee, That Richatd Fitzwilliam Esquire has, by the Failure of the said Henry Popple, sustained a Loss of £.1,816. 17^. 4f tf. on account of the Pay of the Company under his Command, to which the said Henry Popple, was appointed Agent by his Majesty.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Receiver General of Scotland has sustained a Loss of £.650 by the Failure of Mr. Henry Popple.

The First and Second Resolutions of the Committee, being read a Second time, were, upon the Questionfe-verally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time; And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Qileftion being put, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Month; ‘ The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the } 37.

TellersfortheNoes,^-^: } 5o.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions he referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the other Order of the Day be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Ciock.

Time appointed fot receiving Addrest.

Popple's Debt to certain Regiments.

Supply*

Answer <'o Add ids.

Ways and

Mcaus.

Persons returning from 'I ran-fportation.

Supply.

14 Geo. II.

130 — 140 Aprdis.

LuncCy 130 Aprilis;

Anno 140 Georgii IP' Regis, 1741. Praters.

MR. Speaker reported. That the I Joufe had attended his Majesty, upon Friday last, with their Addrel's: To which his Majesty was pleated to give this most gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I give you my Thanks for this dutiful and loyal Address. Your great Readinels in enabling me to make good mv Engagements with the Queen of and the Afl'urances you give me, not to l’uffer my foreign Dominions to be intuited, on account of the Measures I am purfoing, for the Support of the Pragmatick Sanction, are such evident Proofs of your just Concern for maintaining the Liberties and Balance of Power in Europe, and of your great Regard to my Honour and Interest, that you may depend upon all suitable Returns from me lor this particular Mark of your Affection, and Confidence in me.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itfielf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more ealy and effectual Conviction of Persons returning from Transportation;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Copy of the Treaty with,

14th March, N. S. 1738-9, and the Translation thereof, winch were presented to the House upon the 10th Day of May 1739, be referred to the said Committee. > Ordered, That the Copy of the Treaty between his Majesty and the King of Sweden, as Laudgrave of Hesse ..CajfJel, figued H’ljtminster 9th May 1740, and the Transition thereof, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of 1,000 Horse and 5,000 Foot, of the Troops of his Majesty the King of Denmark, from the 25th of March, exclusive, to the 25th of December 1741, inclusive, being 2 75 Days; together with the Levy money, and Subsidy for the same; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of r,264 Horse and 4,00S Foot, of the Troops of his Majesty the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of from the

2251(1 o \'March,exclusive, to the 25th of December 1741,

inclusive, being 375 Days; together with the Levy-money and Subsidy for the fame; be referred to the said Committee.

brdered, That the Account of Services incurred Anno 1740, not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Staff Officers appointed by his Majesty to attend the Hospital established lor the Service of the Expedition under the Command of the Right honourable the Lord for the Year 1741, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, appointed by his Majesty to go with his Forces on board the Fleet in the Expedition under the Command of Lord Cathcart, for the ear 1741, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of a Regiment of Foot raised in America, coufifting of Thirty-six Voi^ 23.

Companies, for the Service of the Year 1741 > T»e referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of fuel* reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines who uied upon the British Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of December 1716; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1741; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines entitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain; with aft Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1741; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Cornipit-tee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Refolntions; which they hud directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the YToufe That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon IV,cdneJeJay Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 140 die Aprilis \

Anno 140 Georgii II4i Regis, 1741*

Prayers. Supply.

TV T R. Francis Fane, according to Order, repoT% ... waS A.* A the Committee of the whole IToviCe, to «hoT^ topis referred to consider further of the Supply grautel\ «-ire£t- Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee La(! ^-l3

ed him to report to the House; wtiioH he re*.-rable 2.

Placeand afterwards delivered in at tV»e Clerk3 Where the same were read; and are as follow . ’

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of thisCotftft*1 -

That a Sum, not exceeding. Three hundred ^ou Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for the further en bling his Majesty, in the most effectual manner, th up port the Queen of Hungary, for preventing the Supve " fionof the House of Anjlria-, and for the maintaining the Pragmatick Sanction, and supporting the Liberties and Balance of Power in Europe.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opiiii 00 of this Committee, ThataSum, not exceeding Sever*ty-five thousand Nine hundred Fifty-two Pounds Seven Shillings and Four Pence One Farthing, be granted to Lis Majesty, for defraying the ExpenceofSix thousand Hessians, taken into his Majesty’s Pay, from the 25th of March, exclusive, to the 25th of December 1741, inclusive, being 275 Days; as also the Sum of Thirty thousand Two hundred and Five Pounds Fourteen Sliilli r»J5s ar>d Seven Pence, for what remains unpaid for Levy-money for the said Forces, pursuant to a Treaty, dated the 9th of

I74°.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Forty-nine thousatui Six hundred and Eight Pounds Six Shillings and One Peny be granted to his Majesty, for what remains payable of the Suhfidy the Six thousand Hejfmns, taken, into his Majesty’s Pay, to the 25th of December 1741* pursuant to the Treaty, dated the 9th of May 1740.

4. Resolved, That it is the Op'n*on of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-nine thousand Eight

8 R hundred

P-.pjiIy.

14* — 150 Aprilis. 1741.

hundred Foriv-one Pounds Five Shillings and Four Pence Halfpeny, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Six thousand , taken into his Majesty’s Pay, from the 25th Day of , exclusive,

to the 25th Day of December 1741, inclusive, being 175 Days; as also the Sum of Twenty-five thousand Eight hundred Seventy-five Pounds, for what remains unpaid for Levy tnoney for the said Forces, pursuant to a Treaty, dated the 14th of March 739, N.S.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Forty-four thousand Five hundred Sixty-nine Pounds Eight Shillings and One Peny be granted to his Majesty, for what remains payable of the Subsidy for the Six thousand , taken into his Majesty’s Pay to the 25th of December 1741, pursuant to the Treaty, dated the 14th of March 1739, N.S.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty, six thousand One hundred Fifty-seven Pounds Nineteen Shillings and One Peny Halfpeny, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying several extraordinary Expences and Services incurred Anno 1740, and not provided for by Parliament.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Fifty-three thousand Nine hundred Ninety-five Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining a Regiment of Foot, raised in America for his Majesty’s Service, confiding of Thirty-six Companies, for the Service of the Year 1741, commencing the 25th Day of December 1740, inclusive.

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Six hundred Eleven Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining the Charge of several Officers appointed by his Majesty to go with the Forces on board the Fleet in the Expedition under the Command of the Right honourable Lord Calhcart, for the Year 1741.

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousandTwo hundred Seventy-seven PoundsTen Shillings,be granted tohis Majesty, for maintaining the Charge of the StaffOfficers appointed by his Majesty to attend the Hospital established for the Service of the Expedition under the Command of the.Right honourable Lord Cat heart, for the Year 1741.

10. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That aSum, not exceeding Twenty-nine thousand Three hundred Pounds Seven Shillings and Sixpence, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1741.

11. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand One hundred Twenty-six Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines as died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain (and who were married to them before the 25th Day of December 1716, for the Year 1741.

12. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Two hundred Forty nine Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Four Pence Thiee Farthings, be granted to his Majesty, to make good the Loss sustained by several Merchants, and by the Officers commanding the Six new-raised independent Companies of Foot in the Istand of Jamacia, by the Failure of Mr. Henry Popple, appointed by his Majesty Agent to the said Companies.

13. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Eight hundred Sixteen Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Four Pence Three Farthings, be granted to his Majesty, to make good the Loss sustained by Richard Fitzwilliam Esquire, Captain of an independent Company of Foot in the Istand of Nero Providence, on account of the Pay of the Company under his Command, by the Failure of the said Henry Popple, appointed by his Majesty Agent to the said Company.

14. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred and Fitly Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to make good a Idol's sustained by the Receiver General of , by the

Failure of the said Henry Popple.

15. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds he granted to his Majesty, for the resettling and re-ellahliftiing the unhappy Sufferers of the Province of South Carolina in the late dreadful Fire at Charles Town.

The First Thirteen of the Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The FourteenthRefolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution.That a Sum, not exceedingSix hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to make good a Loss sustained by the Receiver General of Scotland, by the Failure of the said Henry Popple;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j ] 67.

TellerefortheN^r.^. > 3 7-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The last Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 150;

Anno 14* Georgii II. Regis, 1741.

P RATERS*

DESOLFED, That this House will this Day, after * the House has proceeded upon the Orders of the Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more easy and effectual Conviction of Persons returning from Transportation.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account, Shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1740 hath been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 19th Day of January 174?-, and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied; with the Overplus thereupon; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Monies are remaining in his Majesty’s Exchequer, referred to be disposed of by Authority of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplufes, stated at, Lady-day 1740, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplufes, stated at Michaelmas 1740, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved>

Persons retu rning from Transportation.

Ways and Mean a.

Supply.

Perfoas

returning from Trans« portation.

Levant Trade Books

returned.

Ways and Means.

14 Geo. II. 150 — 1

Resolved, That th is House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.


TheOrder of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Then the other Order of the Day, for thp House to resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more easy and effectual Conviction of Persons returning from Transportation, being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for the punishing Persons who shall bring any Instrument or Arms into any Gaol or Prison, in order to break the said Gaol or Prison, or otherwise facilitate the Escapeof I’rifoners confined therein.

Ordered, That it be an Iullruftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses to em power J ult ices of the Peace of Corporations and Liberties to commit Offenders to the Houses of Correction of Counties, Ridings, and Divisions, wherein such Corporations and Liberties are situated.

And the House being moved. That a Clause of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and for reducing the same into One Act of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws for erecting, providing, and regulating, Houses of Correction (which Clause relates to the Manner of conveying Vagrants to the Places of their Abode); might be read;

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Inliruftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses to amend so much of an Act, paded last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and for reducing the same into One Act of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws for erecting, providing, and regulating, Houses of Correction; as rentes to the conveying Vagrants, whose Places of Abode are in the same or the next adjacent County to that in which they were apprehended.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carexo took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

' Mr. Cat'ew reported from the Committee, That they 1)ad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovts, 16* die Aprtlis;

Anno 140 Georgii IId* Regis, 1741. Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Court and Register Books of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England

trading to the Levant Seas, which were laid before this House, be delivered back to the said Governor and

Company.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-VoL. 23.

-17° Aprilis. 707

ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to hisMa-jefiy, there be issued and applied the Sum of One Million out of such Monies as have arisen, or fha.Il or may arise.of the Surplufcs, F.xceffes, or Overplus-monies commonly called the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That towards raising the Supply granted to his Maief-ty, there he issued and applied the Sum of Eleven thousand Four hundred Thirty four Pounds Four Shilling* now remaining in his Majesty’s Exchequer, reserved to bedisposed of by Authority of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That the Sum of Thirty-nine thoul’and Five hundred’

Eighty-eight PoundsTenSbillingsandTen Fence Three Farthings, now remaining in his Majesty’s Fxcheouer being the Overplus of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1740, be issued and applied towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Francis Fane, ~\!r. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord SutidonMr

Mr. Earle, Mr. Treby, Mr. Attorney Ceneral, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Scrope, and Mr. Stephen Fox, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Aijd the House being moved. That the Resolution of the House, of the 19th Dap of January last, for ing a Drawback of all Duties on such Coals 88 an<| used in the working Fire Engines for draining T,n fjJL Copper Mines within the County of Corntofl"> 100 *. be read:

And the same being read accordingly; _ tleinen

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the'J,e1\ who are appointed to prepare, and bring clauses Bill, That they do insert therein at Clause ot pursuant to the said Resolution.

, in the h*®"*

Mr. Carew, according to Order, reported from t«tun»ing

Committee of the whole House to whom the Hi from Trent-

the more easy and effectual Conviction of ®>ei"|18 . poruuoa.

turning from Transportation, was committed, *-"€ Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughput; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to one of them, agreed to by the House.

Aud an Amendment was made by the House to Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerts, 11° die-Afrilis;

Anno 14* Georgii II*11 Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

MR. Francis Fane prefen ted to the House, according to Order,a Bill for gran ting to his Majesty a cer- s/niT

a IF] Snhlwirtn. . I m.

tain Sum out of the Sinking Fund, and app/y/ng other Fund" Sums towards the Supply of the iear

other

0*

Persons returning fiO.Tl

TraiOfOTUUun.

Westminster

Bridge.

TPAbtadie’*

Nat.

Ditto.

Supply Bill; Sinking Fund.

70S 17* — x 8° — 200 — 210 Aprilis. A. 1741.

other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for the more eafv and effectual Conviction of Persons returning from Transpot tation, was read the Third time.

The following Amendment was proposed to be made

the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 1. After " assembled," to insert "and by

the Authority of the same."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual Conviction of Offenders transported, unlawfully returning to Great Britain or Ireland; and for the further Punishment of Personsenabling Prisoners to break Prison; and for empowering Justices of the Peace in a Liberty or Corporation to commit Offenders to the House of Correction belonging to the County, Hiding, or Divihon, in which such Liberty or Corporation isfituated; and for further amending an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, relating to the conveying of V agrants.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet and Mr* Elde:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of , to the

opposite Shore in the County of to raise a further

Sum of Money, towards finishing the said Bridge, and to perform the other Tnifts reposed in them; and for exchanging of Tickets unclaimed in the Westminster Bridge Lottery, of the Twelfth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign; and for making Provision for Tickets in the said Lottery, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed j without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Francis D'Abbadie: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And. then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Francis D'Abbadie, was read the First time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbat/, 18* die Aprilis;

Anno 14* Georgii II" Regis, 1741.

Pll AY Ells.

ABILL for granti - g to his Majesty a certain Sum out of the Sinking Fund, and applying other Sums towards the Supply of the Year 1741; and for other Pur-jxofes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

’ Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to aCommittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, rel'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till 'Monday ^Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 20* die Aprilis;

Anno 14* Georgii IIJi Regis; 1741.

Prayers.

f\RDERED, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum out of the Sinking Fund, and applying other Sums towards the Supply of the Y’ear 1741; and for other Purposes therein mentioned 5 be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for giving further Time for Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties omitted to be paid for their Indentures or Contract s.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis.Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morfow Morning.

Supply Bill; Sinking Fund*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is 210 die Aprilis;

Anno 14* Georgii II41 Regis, 1741.

Prayers.

MR. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported Supply Bill;

from the Committee of the whole House to whom Sinking the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum out of ^und* the Sinking Fund, and applying other Sums towards the Supply of the Year 1741; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout s and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act D’Abbadie?* for naturalizing Francis D'Abbadie, was read a Second Nat. time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Balle, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Foley, Mr. Scaioen, Sir Nathanael Curzon,

Mr. Baptist Lev. Gower, Mr. PiMr. Proivfe, Mr.

Whitworth, Mr. Fane, Sir Jof Pennington, Mr.

Mr. Hay, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Gregory, Captain Marty n, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Burrell, Lord Baltimore, Mr.

Lockyer, Mr. Bance, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Geo.

Mr. Ord, Sir John Turner, Mr. Lehe Mr. Lewis, Mr,

Hales,

i4 Geo. II. 210 — 22* — 240 — 25

Hales, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Phillipfo Mr, Colonel

Hbzoard: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the'Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till To-m0row Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 2° Aprilis;

Anno 14° Georgii II'1 Regis, 1741.

Prayers.

D’Abhndie’* O I It John Heathcotcreported from the Committee to

Nat- O whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Francis , was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Supply Bill 5 An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sinking Sum out of the Sinking Fund, and applying other Sums UD<1’ towards the Supply of the Year 1741; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying other Sums, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1741; and for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in Fire Engines for draining Tin and Copper Mines in the County of Cornwall; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, and Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed j and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

D’Abbadie’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act: Nat. for naturalizing Francis D'Abbadie, was read the Third time.

llefolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Heathcote do carry th® Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

" and, " and, after " Messuages," insert Tenement " and

Pr. 4. L. 4. Leave out and Premises," and, instead thereof, insert "in the said Manor, and being Part or " Parcel, or reputed Part or Parcel, thereof

In the Title of the Bill, L. 6. Leave out " Lives or

L. 7. Leave out " Cul'tom," and insert

« Usage."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till To-naorroW Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 2 5® die Aprilis;

Anno 14* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1741.

Prayers.

AM ESS A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million out Sinking of the Sinking Fund, and for applying other Sums, Fub<*‘

therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-one; and for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in Fire Engines for draining Tin and Copper Mines in the County of Comioall; and for appropriating the Supplies granted

in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, and Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contrafts of Clerks and Apprentices; without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Smith Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Water- ' Farlington, in the County of Southampton, to supply the works. Town of Portsmouth, and Parts adjacent, with good and wholesome Water, at his own proper Colt and Charges, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourbed till Friday Morning next. Nine of the Clock,

Venerts, 24.° die Aprilis;

Anno 14* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1741. Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Holford

and Mr. Thurjion:

Mr. Speaker,

VaoghanV The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Jiftate. for impowering Gtoyn Vaughan Esquire, and his Wife, and their Sons, to make Leases of the Manor of King-fion Seijmour, in the County of Somerset, for Lives, or Y'ears determinable on Deaths, according to the Custom of the Country, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew,

pitta. The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideratkwi:

And the said Amendments werq read, and are as fob loweth; viz. a

Pr. 4. L. a and 3. Leave out " the aforesaid Mawr Voi. 23.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled.

An Act to enable Thomas Smith Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Farlington, in the County of Southampton, to supply the Town of Portsmouth, and Parts adjacent, with good and wholesome Water, at his own proper Cost and Charges.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. a. L. 2. Leave out " and

L. 3. After " Buildings" insert " Orchards and Gardens:"

L. 37. Leave out " and that the:’’

L. 38. Leave out from " done," to in, in the 41st Line of the same Press; and, instead thereof, insert " being made:"

Pr. 3. L. a 1. After " that," leave out " the Justices " of the Peace for the said County for the Time being, " or the major Part of them, at the General Quarter " Sessions for the said County, shall have Power, from " time to time, in case the Parties cannot agree, to <* hear, determine, order, and decree, what and in," and, instead thereof, insert " in case the Parties cannot agree, " it shall and may be lawful for the Sheriff of the said " County of Southampton, for the Time being, and he is " hereby authorized and required, upon ihe Request of

8 S " the-

I \ . -

716 25* Aprilis. A. 1741.

P0rtfm* h " the said Thomas Smit, his Ileirs or Assigns, to fiim-" mon ^pfore him a J ury of Twelve or more indifferent MO Men of the Neighbourhood, not interested in the said

" Undertaking, or in any of the Lands or Grounds *5 through which the said Water is to be conveyed, or " u|ion which any Hefervoir is to be made, or any " Fountains, Wattr-houses, or Stop-cocks shall be " erected; which Jury, upon the Examination of Wit- neflTes upon Oath (which Oath the Paid Sheriff is hereby * authorized and icquired to admiuifler), Hia.ll, upon *' their Verdict, determine;"

Pr. 3. L. a6. Leave out " Manner:"

L. 30. Leave out from " aforesaid," to which," in the 3d Line of the 4th Press; and, instead thereof, insert " Notice being first given by Papers being affixed " at the Gates of the said Town of Port/mouthand " also left at the several Dwelling-houses of the Occupiers of Lands or Grounds through which the said " Water is to be conveyed:"

Pr. 4. L. 3, 4. Leave out " Determinations, Or- ders, and Decrees," and, itrstead thereof, insert " Verdicts shall, by the said Sheriff, be transmitted to " and:"

L. 10. Leave out from " fame," to " shall," ill the 14th Line of the farbe Press; and instead thereof, insert " and the same :"

L. 27. Leave out from " them," to " and, " in the 17th Line of the Sixth Press; and, instead thereof, insert Clause A:

A: " Provided always, That, until Payment of such " Satisfaction as shall be I'o agreed to be paid, or shall be " so ascertained and assessed by Verdict, to or for the " Use of the several Persons, or Bodies Politick or Corporate, to whom Satisfaction shall be so agreed or determined to be made, or until Tender thereof made, " to every such Person, or Bodies Politick or Corporate, his or their known Agents or Receivers; or until Payment thereof to such Person, as the Mayor and Alder-,s men of the said Town of PortJ'mouth shall appoint for " that Purpose, to and for the Use of such Person, Bodies " Politick or Corporate, it shall not be lawful for the said u Thomas Smith, his Heirs or Assigns, or his or their " Workmen or Servants, by virtue of this Act, to enter " oft, dig, break of, or make use of, any Part of the " Grounds of any such Person, Bodies Politick or Corporate what foe ver, in order to lay any Pipes, or to " make any Refecfoir, or erect any Fountains, Waterhouses, or Stop-cocks, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding:"

Pr, 7. L. 21. Leave out from " Act," to " Provided," in the 27th Line of the same Press: ‘

L. 34. Leave out from "Town,"to" Provided," in the jjtli Line of the 8 th Press; and, instead thereof, insert " unless the Consent and Approbation of the Msdler General of the Ordnance for the Time being, be first had and obtained for that Purpose."

Several of the said Amendments, as far as Clause A, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause A, being an ingrossed Clause, was read thrice; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The rest of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Wager do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Royal Assent A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, to Bills. Gentleman Usher of the Biack Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal AlTent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million out of the Sinking Fund: and for applying other Sums therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-one; and for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in Fire Engines for drainingTin and Copper Mines in the County of Cornwall; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, and Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contrafts of Clerks and Apprentices:

An Act for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen; and for the better and speedier manning his Majesty’s Fleet:

An Act for opening a Trade to and from Persia, through Russia.

An Act for the Preservation of the publick Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England:

An Act for surveying the chief Ports and Head Lands on the Coastof Great Britain and Ireland, and thelflands and Plantations thereto belonging, in order to the more exact Determination of the Longitude and Latitude thereof:

An Act for retraining and preventing several unwarrantable Schemes and Undertakings in lli§ Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America:

An Act to enable the Commissioners for building Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surry, to raise a further Sum of Motley towards fitiishing the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them; and for exchanging of Tickets, unclaimed in the Westminster Bridge Lottery, of the Twelfth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign; and for making Provision for 'Fickets in the said Lottery, loll, burnt, or otherwise destroyed:

An Act to enable Thomas Smith Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Farlington, in the County of Southampton, to supply the Town of Portsmouth, and Parts adjacent, with good and wholesome Water, at his own proper Coll and Charges:

An Act forimpowering GwynVaughan Esquire, and his Wife, and their Sons, to make Leaf s of the Manor of Kingston Seymour, in the County of Somerset, for Years determinable on Deaths*,according to the Usage of the Country':

An Act for naturalizing Francis D’Abbadie.

After which his Majesty was pleased to make a most TiieKinsj’s gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as follow- Speech, eth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The Zeal and Dispatch with which you have gone through the publick Business, during the Course of this Sdlion, are undeniable Proofs of your Heady Regard to the Welfare of your Country; and, consequeutly, the most acceptable Teltimonies ofyonr Duty and Affection to me. The powerful Assistance which yon have given me for carrying on the just and necessary War in which I am engaged, is the bed Means of reducing our Enemies to Reason; and the Vigonr and Earnestness which you have so seasonably fliewti for the Defence of the House of Austria, and the Maintenance of the Balance and Liberties of Europe, mull give the greatest Encouragement to our Friends. These are the Methods to feenre to this Nation that Weight and Influence abroad* which its natural Strength and Situation intitle it to.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

It is with particular Satisfaction I acknowledge your Readiness and Application in railing the Supplies for the Service of the current Year, which you have done with so just a Regard to the present Exigencies of the

publick,


14 Geo. II. 25* Aprilis. 711

publick, as shews you to be the true Representatives of my faithful Commons.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I cannot part with this Parliament, without publickly returning you roy Thanks for the many eminent Instances you hare given me of your Fidelity and Affection to my Person and Government, your fixed Resolution to maintain the Protestant Succession in my Family, and your unshaken Adherence to the true Interest of your Country. You have, with the moll becoming Spirit and Firmness, exerted yourselves in vindicating and defending the Honour of my Crown, and the undoubted Rights of Navigation and Commerce belonging to my Subjects; and enabled me to revenge those Wrongs and Jnfults, which, contrary to the Faith of Treaties, had been committed against both. In so critical a Conjuncture, you have supported the national Credit, and llrengthened the Hands of my Government, to a Degree exceeding the Expectations of those who wished well to us, and to the manifeil Disappointment of such as envied our Prof-perity. At the same Time you have demonstrated to all the World, that Great Britain is in a Condition not only to defend herself, but also to afford a due Support to her Allies, and the common Cause of Europe. As such a Conduct mull give a lasting Reputation to this Parliament, so it will be the Subject of Emulation to those which shall come after it.

I will immediately give the necessary Orders for calling new Parliament. There is not any thing I set so high a Value upon as the Love and Affection of my People,

in which I have so entire a Confidence, that it is with' great Satisfaction I fee this Opportunity put into their Hands, of giving me fresh Proofs of it in the Choice of their Representatives.

On the present Establishment depends the Continuance of our excellent Constitution in Church and State; and in this Constitution consists the Security of the present Establishment: Nothing can hurt the one, that will not, in proportion, undermine and weaken the other.

For my Part, the uniform Preservation of bot i i, and the Maintenance of the religious and civil Rights of all my Subjects, have been, and ever shall be, my conflaot C ire.

Those who distinguish themselves by persevering in tlit fe Principles, shall always find my Countenance and Favour; and, by invariably pursuing these wife and lionelt Measures, we may entertain the best grounded Hopes, that, under the Protection of the Divine Providence, the Happiness of Great Britain will be perpetuated to Posterity.

---

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty’s Command, said,

My Lords and Gentlemen,

[Parliament Prorogued.]

It is his Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, That this Parliament be prorogued to Tuesday the 12th Day of May next, to be then here held; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Tuesday the 12th Day of May next.

[Index removed.]

